Title_Abstract	Status
"Title: Tissue-specific alternative promoters of the serotonin receptor gene HTR3B in human brain and intestine. Abstract: The serotonin receptor type 3 is a pentameric ligand-gated ion channel regulating intestinal motility, nausea, and vomiting in humans. The HTR3B gene codes for the subunit B of this receptor. The HTR3B transcription start site is not unequivocally identified. In the present study we used transcription start site analyses, transcript-specific RT-PCR, and functional promoter analyses to identify the 5' structure of the HTR3B gene. According to these experiments, two alternative promoters control the expression of different HTR3B transcripts in the peripheral and central nervous system. The transcription start sites observed in the intestine corresponded to the current human genome annotation (NCBI Build 36.1, March 2006). The transcription start sites in the brain, however, were localized in a region about 4000 bp downstream. The brain transcripts lacked the coding first exon of the HTR3B structure published earlier but had an upstream-extended exon 2 containing a new potential translational start site. Reporter gene analyses showed significant promoter activity of the genomic region located 1560 bp upstream to 93 bp downstream of the brain-specific transcription start sites. This data suggests a different transcriptional regulation of the HTR3B gene in the peripheral and the central nervous system that leads to the expression of transcripts with variations in the 5' coding sequence. Further studies on the expression, structure and function of therefore expected tissue-specific 5-HT(3B) isoforms are required."	1
"Title: Chemotherapy-related secondary leukemias: A role for DNA repair by error-prone non-homologous end joining in topoisomerase II - Induced chromosomal rearrangements. Abstract: Chromosome rearrangements are believed to cause the secondary leukemias which constitute frequent complications of antitumor chemotherapy with topoisomerase II-specific drugs. Here we show that inhibition of DNA topoisomerase II in cultured cells stimulates association of components of the non-homologous end joining system with a known breakpoint cluster region of the human AML1 gene, suggesting that errors of DNA repair during NHEJ may be the cause of illegitimate recombination in cells treated with topoisomerase II poisons."	1
"Title: Hypoxia induces class III beta-tubulin gene expression by HIF-1alpha binding to its 3' flanking region. Abstract: Class III beta-tubulin (TUBB3) overexpression represents a major mechanism of drug resistance to microtubule interacting agents such as taxanes and Vinca alkaloids. Here, we tested hypoxia as a possible inducer of TUBB3. The effects of hypoxia on TUBB3 expression were monitored at mRNA and protein level in A2780, in its paclitaxel-resistant counterpart (TC1) and in HeLa cells. Hypoxia was a strong inducer of TUBB3 in A2780, but not in TC1 and HeLa cells. In A2780 HIF-1alpha was knocked down using RNA interference and TUBB3 expression was assessed in normoxia and hypoxia. The silencing abolished the hypoxia-dependent increase of TUBB3, thereby demonstrating that HIF-1alpha mediates TUBB3 induction in hypoxia. To investigate this phenomenon, the 5' flanking region of human TUBB3 was cloned upstream GFP as a reporter. This region contained the promoter gene, but activity of the reporter was unaffected by hypoxia. Thus, we looked at the 3' flanking region and, at +168 nucleotides from the stop codon, an HIF-1alpha binding site was proven to be active in hypoxia, using a construct in which the site was cloned downstream GFP as reporter gene. Deletion of the site in the construct abolished GFP enhancement upon hypoxia. Chromatin immunoprecipitation revealed the engagement by HIF-1alpha of this site in hypoxia. Methylation analysis of this 3' enhancer showed that it was free of methylation in 70% of cells in A2780, while in less than 16% in both TC1 and HeLa cells, thereby suggesting that TUBB3 increase upon hypoxia is abolished through methylation of the 3' enhancer."	1
"Title: Enhancement of prostaglandin D(2) production through cyclooxygenase-2 and lipocalin-type prostaglandin D synthase by upstream stimulatory factor 1 in human brain-derived TE671 cells under serum starvation. Abstract: We found that prostaglandin (PG) D(2) production was induced through transcriptional activation of cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 and lipocalin-type PGD synthase (L-PGDS) genes under serum-starved conditions in human brain-derived TE671 cells. Analysis of promoter and intron regions of the human L-PGDS gene demonstrated that an atypical E-box within intron 4 mediated serum starvation-induced up-regulation of L-PGDS gene expression. The results of electrophoretic mobility shift assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation assay showed that upstream stimulatory factor (USF) 1 bound to this atypical E-box. USF1 gene expression was also enhanced during serum starvation in TE671 cells through activation of p38 mitogen activated protein kinase, and the efficiency of the binding of USF1 to the atypical E-box was clearly increased by serum starvation. Administration of USF1 siRNA suppressed both L-PGDS and COX-2 gene expression and PGD(2) production. Moreover, NS-398, a COX-2 inhibitor and AT-56, an L-PGDS inhibitor, suppressed PGD(2) production in TE671 cells cultured under the serum-starved condition. These results indicate that PGD(2) production stimulated by serum starvation is mediated by both COX-2 and L-PGDS through enhancement of USF1 in TE671 cells."	1
"Title: Expression of microRNA-146 in rheumatoid arthritis synovial tissue. Abstract: Several microRNA, which are approximately 22-nucleotide noncoding RNAs, exhibit tissue-specific or developmental stage-specific expression patterns and are associated with human diseases. The objective of this study was to identify the expression pattern of microRNA-146 (miR-146) in synovial tissue from patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods: The expression of miR-146 in synovial tissue from 5 patients with RA, 5 patients with osteoarthritis (OA), and 1 normal subject was analyzed by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and by in situ hybridization and immunohistochemistry of tissue sections. Induction of miR-146 following stimulation with tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) and interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta) of cultures of human rheumatoid arthritis synovial fibroblasts (RASFs) was examined by quantitative PCR and RT-PCR. Results: Mature miR-146a and primary miR-146a/b were highly expressed in RA synovial tissue, which also expressed TNFalpha, but the 2 microRNA were less highly expressed in OA and normal synovial tissue. In situ hybridization showed primary miR-146a expression in cells of the superficial and sublining layers in synovial tissue from RA patients. Cells positive for miR-146a were primarily CD68+ macrophages, but included several CD3+ T cell subsets and CD79a+ B cells. Expression of miR-146a/b was markedly up-regulated in RASFs after stimulation with TNFalpha and IL-1beta. Conclusion: This study shows that miR-146 is expressed in RA synovial tissue and that its expression is induced by stimulation with TNFalpha and IL-1beta. Further studies are required to elucidate the function of miR-146 in these tissues."	1
"Title: Functional mapping of the promoter region of the GNB2L1 human gene coding for RACK1 scaffold protein. Abstract: RACK1 (Receptor for Activated C Kinase 1) is a scaffold protein for different kinases and membrane receptors. Previously, we characterized an age-dependent decline of RACK1 protein expression which could be counteracted with DHEA (dehydroepiandrosterone) [Corsini, E., et al. 2002. In vivo dehydroepiandrosterone restores age-associated defects in the protein kinase C signal transduction pathway and related functional responses. J. Immunol. 168, 1753-1758. and Corsini, E., et al. 2005. Age-related decline in RACK-1 expression in human leukocytes is correlated to plasma levels of dehydroepiandrosterone. J. Leukoc. Biol. 77, 247-256.]. Hypothesizing a direct control of RACK1 expression by DHEA we studied the not yet characterized human promoter region of its coding gene GNB2L1. The FLOE (Fluorescently Labeled Oligonucleotide Extension) was used to map the transcription start site and a novel Gateway luciferase vector (GW luc basic; Del Vecchio, I., Zuccotti, A., Canneva, F., Lenzken, S.C., Racchi, M., 2007. Development of the first Gateway firefly luciferase vector and use of reverse transcriptase in FLOE (Fluorescently Labeled Oligonucleotide Extension) reactions. Plasmid 58, 269-274.) to obtain promoter region mutants. Human SH-SY5Y, THP1 and lymphoblastoid cells were used for transient transfections and treatments with lipopolysaccharide (LPS), phorbol myristate acetate (PMA), DHEA and cortisol (the first two molecules to differently activate NF-kB, a transcription complex able to regulate the murine Gnb2l1 gene expression, whereas DHEA and cortisol since they are known to be imbalanced during the aging and possess counteracting actions on the immune function). The primer extension demonstrated the existence of two alternative start sites of transcription respectively located at about 230 and 300 nt 5' of the Genbank mRNA entry for GNB2L1. Moreover, as a result of the luciferase study we were able to demonstrate that a little region of approximately 300 nt conserved sufficient elements for reporter expression. We also reported that the DHEA modulation of GNB2L1 endogenous expression could not be recapitulated with the luciferase assays. Indeed, the promoter was significantly modulated by means of LPS and PMA treatments but not using DHEA. Differently the use of cortisol led us to demonstrate a biologically significant decrease of luciferase activity only in the presence of a binding site for nuclear receptors of glucocorticoids. Interestingly, other binding sites for transcriptional factors were identified in silico: different c-Rel (NF-kB) and some cardiomyocitic specific cis-acting elements. All this data suggest that the DHEA mediated GNB2L1 regulation is modulated by distant elements (enhancers/silencers), whereas LPS, PMA and cortisol effect can act directly on the mapped GNB2L1 promoter. In conclusion we hypothesize that the imbalance between DHEA and cortisol during aging could be important in the previously demonstrated recovery of the RACK1 expression."	1
"Title: EGF-recruited JunD/c-fos complexes activate CD2AP gene promoter and suppress apoptosis in renal tubular epithelial cells. Abstract: CD2-associated protein (CD2AP) plays a critical role in the maintenance of the kidney filtration barrier. In this study, we showed that epidermal growth factor (EGF) led to an increase of the CD2AP protein and mRNA in the human renal proximal tubular epithelial cell line HK-2 cells, which was due to the elevation of CD2AP promoter activity. Upon deletion and mutation analysis, electrophoretic mobility shift assays and chromatin immunoprecipitation, an AP-1-like element within CD2AP promoter was characterized, by which EGF recruited c-fos and JunD, two components of AP-1, to the human CD2AP gene promoter and suppressed angiotensin II-induced apoptosis in HK-2 cells. Specific siRNA was synthesized to knock down the human CD2AP gene in HK-2 cells. We found that CD2AP deficiency attenuated the inhibitory effects of EGF and predisposed the renal tubular epithelial cells to undergo angiotensin II-induced apoptosis. Furthermore, EGF-induced increases of CD2AP protein and mRNA expressions in HK-2 cells were significantly inhibited by the transfection of dominant negative JunD or c-fos vector, which was in parallel with a marked reduction of antiapoptotic effect of EGF. These results indicated that the antiapoptotic effect of EGF/CD2AP signal transduction was mediated by JunD and c-fos, at least partially. This study defined a new EGF/AP-1/CD2AP mediated cell-survival signaling, which might be useful to clarify the molecular mechanisms responsible for CD2AP associated kidney diseases."	1
"Title: Bruton's tyrosine kinase is involved in miR-346-related regulation of IL-18 release by lipopolysaccharide-activated rheumatoid fibroblast-like synoviocytes. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as key players in the regulation of expression of target mRNAs expression. They have been associated with diverse biological processes, and recent studies have demonstrated that miRNAs play a role in inflammatory responses. We reported previously that LPS-activated fibroblast-like synoviocytes (FLS) isolated from rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients express IL-18 mRNA but they do not release IL-18. Based on the observation that this inhibition was due to a rapid degradation of IL-18 mRNA, our group has conducted a study to identify miRNAs that could play a role in the ""antiinflammatory"" response of LPS-activated RA FLS. LPS challenge modulated the expression of 63 miRNAs as assessed by microarray analysis. Fifteen miRNAs were up-regulated, including miR-346, for which overexpression upon LPS treatment was validated by quantitative RT-PCR. We then transfected FLS with an antisense oligonucleotide targeting miR-346 and found that, in these conditions, IL-18 release could be measured upon LPS activation of FLS. Moreover, we also demonstrated that miR-346 indirectly regulated IL-18 release by indirectly inhibiting LPS-induced Bruton's tyrosine kinase expression in LPS-activated RA FLS. These findings suggest that miRNAs function as regulators that help to fine-tune the inflammatory response in RA."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-9 inhibits ovarian cancer cell growth through regulation of NF-kappaB1. Abstract: MicroRNAs are emerging as important regulators of cancer-related processes. Our studies show that microRNA-9 (miR-9) is downregulated in human ovarian cancer relative to normal ovary, and overexpression of miR-9 suppresses cell growth in vitro. Furthermore, the 3'-UTR of NF-kappaB1 mRNA is found to be regulated directly by miR-9, demonstrating that NF-kappaB1 is a functionally important target of miR-9 in ovarian cancer cells. When miR-9 is overexpressed in ovarian cancer cells, the mRNA and protein levels of NF-kappaB1 are both suppressed, whereas inhibition of miR-9 results in an increase in the NF-kappaB1 expression level. Ovarian cancer tissues display significantly low expression of miR-9 and a high level of NF-kappaB1 compared with normal tissues, indicating that regulation of NF-kappaB1 by miR-9 is an important mechanism for miR-9 to inhibit ovarian cancer proliferation."	1
"Title: CD44-positive cells are responsible for gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer cells. Abstract: Accumulating evidence suggests that tumors are composed of a heterogeneous cell population with a small subset of cancer stem cells (CSCs) that sustain tumor formation and growth. Recently, there have been efforts to explain drug resistance of cancer cells based on the concept of CSCs having an intrinsic detoxifying mechanism. In the present study, to investigate the role of CSCs in acquiring chemoresistance in pancreatic cancer, gemcitabine-resistant cells were established by exposure to serially escalated doses of gemcitabine in HPAC and CFPAC-1 cells. Gemcitabine-resistant cells were more tumorigenic in vitro and in vivo, and had greater sphere-forming activity than parental cells. After high-dose gemcitabine treatment to eliminate most of the cells, CD44(+) cells proliferated and reconstituted the population of resistant cells. CD44(+)CD24(+)ESA(+) cells remained as a small subset in the resistant cell population. Among ATP-binding cassette (ABC) transporters, which are known as the mechanism of drug resistance in CSCs, ABCB1 (MDR1) was significantly augmented during the acquisition of drug resistance. ABC transporter inhibitor verapamil resensitized the resistant cells to gemcitabine in a dose-dependent manner and RNA interference of CD44 inhibited the clonogenic activity of resistant cells. In human pancreatic cancer samples, CD44 expression was correlated with histologic grade and the patients with CD44-positive tumors showed poor prognosis. These data indicate that cancer stem-like cells were expanded during the acquisition of gemcitabine resistance and in therapeutic application, targeted therapy against the CD44 or ABC transporter inhibitors could be applied to overcome drug resistance in the treatment of pancreatic cancer."	1
"Title: A potent enhancer element in the 5'-UTR intron is crucial for transcriptional regulation of the human ubiquitin C gene. Abstract: Ubiquitin (Ub) plays a crucial role in almost every aspect of cellular functions. It is encoded by four genes, of which UbC is known to meet cell demand for ubiquitin in both basal and stressful conditions. To understand the molecular mechanisms regulating UbC gene expression, we performed a functional characterization of the UbC promoter. Deletion analyses on the 5' end of the -916/+878 promoter region, excluded the functional importance of nt -916/-371 in the transcriptional regulation of the gene, while 3' deletions revealed that intron removal (nt+65/+876) resulted in a marked reduction of promoter activity in all the reporter constructs, regardless of the cell types. Intron substitution with a heterologous chimeric intron failed to restore promoter activity, thus allowing to exclude that the splicing event, per se, can be responsible for the intron-mediated burst of transcription. Gel shift assays demonstrated nuclear factor binding with the +137/+766 intron region. Reporter constructs carrying partial intron deletions confirmed that this sequence is, indeed, required for maximal transcriptional activity. Computer-based analysis found potential Sp1 binding motifs within the intron sequence and electrophoretic mobility shift and supershift assays demonstrated that both Sp1 and Sp3 transcription factors interact, in vitro, with the UbC intron, at multiple binding sites. Moreover, ectopic expression of Sp1 and Sp3 revealed that both transcription factors positively regulate UbC promoter activity. Collectively, our data highlight the very new evidence that the 5'-UTR intron is crucial in regulating UbC gene expression and provide insights into the pivotal role of Sp1/Sp3 binding to the intronic enhancer in the regulation of UbC transcription."	1
"Title: Annexin-1 regulates growth arrest induced by high levels of estrogen in MCF-7 breast cancer cells. Abstract: Estrogen, a naturally occurring female steroid growth hormone, has been implicated as a major risk factor for the development of breast cancer. Recent research into this disease has also correlated Annexin-1 (ANXA1), a glucocorticoid-inducible protein, with the development of breast tumorigenesis. ANXA1 is lost in many cancers, including breast cancer, and this may result in a functional promotion of tumor growth. In this study, we investigated the expression of ANXA1 in MCF-7 cells treated with estrogen and the regulation of estrogen functions by ANXA1. Exposure of MCF-7 breast cancer cells to high physiologic levels (up to 100 nmol/L) of estrogen leads to an up-regulation of ANXA1 expression partially through the activation of cyclic AMP-responsive element binding protein and dependency on activation of the estrogen receptor. In addition, treatment of MCF-7 cells with physiologic levels of estrogen (1 nmol/L) induced proliferation, whereas high pregnancy levels of estrogen (100 nmol/L) induced a growth arrest of MCF-7 cells, associated with constitutive activation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 and up-regulation of cell cycle arrest proteins such as p21(waf/cip). Silencing of ANXA1 with specific small interfering RNA reverses the estrogen-dependent proliferation as well as growth arrest and concomitantly modulates extracellular signal-regulated kinase 1/2 phosphorylation. We confirm that ANXA1 is lost in clinical breast cancer, indicating that the antiproliferative protective function of ANXA1 against high levels of estrogen may be lost. Finally, we show that ANXA1-deficient mice exhibit faster carcinogen-induced tumor growth. Our data suggest that ANXA1 may act as a tumor suppressor gene and modulate the proliferative functions of estrogens."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-146A contributes to abnormal activation of the type I interferon pathway in human lupus by targeting the key signaling proteins. Abstract: MicroRNA have recently been identified as regulators that modulate target gene expression and are involved in shaping the immune response. This study was undertaken to investigate the contribution of microRNA-146a (miR-146a), which was identified in the pilot expression profiling step, to the pathogenesis of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: TaqMan microRNA assays of peripheral blood leukocytes were used for comparison of expression levels of microRNA between SLE patients and controls. Transfection and stimulation of cultured cells were conducted to determine the biologic function of miR-146a. Bioinformatics prediction and validation by reporter gene assay and Western blotting were performed to identify miR-146a targets. Results: Profiling of 156 miRNA in SLE patients revealed the differential expression of multiple microRNA, including miR-146a, a negative regulator of innate immunity. Further analysis showed that underexpression of miR-146a negatively correlated with clinical disease activity and with interferon (IFN) scores in patients with SLE. Of note, overexpression of miR-146a reduced, while inhibition of endogenous miR-146a increased, the induction of type I IFNs in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Furthermore, miR-146a directly repressed the transactivation downstream of type I IFN. At the molecular level, miR-146a could target IFN regulatory factor 5 and STAT-1. More importantly, introduction of miR-146a into the patients' PBMCs alleviated the coordinate activation of the type I IFN pathway. Conclusion: The microRNA miR-146a is a negative regulator of the IFN pathway. Underexpression of miR-146a contributes to alterations in the type I IFN pathway in lupus patients by targeting the key signaling proteins. The findings provide potential novel strategies for therapeutic intervention."	1
"Title: miR-145 inhibits breast cancer cell growth through RTKN. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) represent a class of small non-coding RNAs regulating gene expression by inducing RNA degradation or interfering with translation. Aberrant miRNA expression has been described for several human malignancies. Herein, we show that miR-145 is down-regulated in human cancer cell line MCF-7 when compared to normal human mammary epithelial cell line MCF10A. Overexpression of miR-145 by plasmid inhibits MCF-7 cell growth and induces apoptosis. Subsequently, RTKN is identified as a potential miR-145 target by bioinformatics. Using reporter constructs, we show that the RTKN 3' untranslated region (3'UTR) carries the directly binding site of miR-145. Additionally, overexpression of miR-145 in MCF-7 reduces RTKN protein expression as well as mRNA level. Furthermore, down-regulation of RTKN by siRNA can inhibit MCF-7 cell growth. Taken together, we propose that loss of miR-145 may provide a selective growth advantage for MCF-7 by targeting RTKN."	1
"Title: Altered microRNA expression profile with miR-146a upregulation in CD4+ T cells from patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Abstract: Increasing evidence indicates that microRNAs (miRNAs) play a critical role in the pathogenesis of inflammatory diseases. The aim of the study was to investigate the expression pattern and function of miRNAs in CD4+ T cells from patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Methods: The expression profile of miRNAs in CD4+ T cells from synovial fluid (SF) and peripheral blood of 33 RA patients was determined by microarray assay and validated by qRT-PCR analysis. The correlation between altered expression of miRNAs and cytokine levels was determined by linear regression analysis. The role of miR-146a overexpression in regulating T cell apoptosis was evaluated by flow cytometry. A genome-wide gene expression analysis was further performed to identify miR-146a-regulated genes in T cells. Results: miRNA expression profile analysis revealed that miR-146a expression was significantly upregulated while miR-363 and miR-498 were downregulated in CD4+ T cells of RA patients. The level of miR-146a expression was positively correlated with levels of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and in vitro studies showed TNF-alpha upregulated miR-146a expression in T cells. Moreover, miR-146a overexpression was found to suppress Jurkat T cell apoptosis. Finally, transcriptome analysis of miR-146a overexpression in T cells identified Fas associated factor 1 (FAF1) as a miR-146a-regulated gene, which was critically involved in modulating T cell apoptosis. Conclusions: We have detected increased miR-146a in CD4+ T cells of RA patients and its close correlation with TNF-alpha levels. Our findings that miR-146a overexpression suppresses T cell apoptosis indicate a role of miR-146a in RA pathogenesis and provide potential novel therapeutic targets."	1
"Title: Identification of LATS transcriptional targets in HeLa cells using whole human genome oligonucleotide microarray. Abstract: Human LATS1 and LATS2) (LATS1/2) are tumor suppressors that have been shown to be mutated or downregulated in several human cancers including leukemia, lung, prostate and breast cancers. However, the precise mechanisms and the proteins modulated by LATS1/2 that are responsible for these events remain largely unknown. To elucidate potential signaling pathways, the current study investigated the expression profile in HeLa cells with reduced expression of LATS1/2. Using RNA-mediated interference, both LATS1 and LATS2 were substantially knocked-down, and accordingly, this lead to an increase in multiple phenotypes associated with tumor progression, including enhanced cell proliferation, resistance to drug-induced cell death, and increased cell migration. Using whole human genome Oligo (60-mer) arrays (Agilent), genes modulated by loss of LATS1/2 were identified and functionally grouped into categories including cell proliferation, cell death, cell adhesion and motility, as well as cell communication. Selected genes, including known tumor suppressor genes and oncogenes such as CDKN1A, WISP2, SLIT2, TP53INP1, BIRC4BP, SPRY2, SPRY4, SPRED1, FAT4, and CYR61 were confirmed by qRT-PCR to be significantly differentially expressed. Importantly, the collection of genes identified suggests that LATS1/2 function through diverse mechanisms and multiple signaling pathways including the Hippo signaling pathway, as well as the p53, Ras-ERK, or WNT networks, to inhibit tumor progression."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-10b promotes migration and invasion through KLF4 in human esophageal cancer cell lines. Abstract: Recently, microRNAs have emerged as regulators of cancer metastasis through acting on multiple signaling pathways involved in metastasis. In this study, we have analyzed the level of miR-10b and cell motility and invasiveness in several human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma cell lines. Our results reveal a significant correlation of miR-10b level with cell motility and invasiveness. Overexpression of miR-10b in KYSE140 cells increased cell motility and invasiveness, whereas inhibition of miR-10b in EC9706 cells reduced cell invasiveness, although it did not alter cell motility. Additionally, we identified KLF4, a known tumor suppressor gene that has been reported to suppress esophageal cancer cell migration and invasion, as a direct target of miR-10b. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-10b in KYSE140 and KYSE450 cells led to a reduction of endogenous KLF4 protein, whereas silencing of miR-10b in EC9706 cells caused up-regulation of KLF4 protein. Coexpression of miR-10b and KLF4 in KYSE140 cells and coexpression of small interfering RNA for KLF4 mRNA and miR-10b-AS in EC9706 cells partially abrogated the effect of miR-10b on cell migration and invasion. Finally, analyses of the miR-10b level in 40 human esophageal cancer samples and their paired normal adjacent tissues revealed an elevated expression of miR-10b in 95% (38 of 40) of cancer tissues, although no significant correlation of the miR-10b level with clinical metastasis status was observed in these samples."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-21 regulates breast cancer invasion partly by targeting tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3 expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs are non-coding RNA molecules that posttranscriptionally regulate expression of target genes and have been implicated in the progress of cancer proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis. The aim of this study was to determine whether microRNA-21 (miR-21), a specific microRNA implicated in multiple aspects of carcinogenesis, impacts breast cancer invasion by regulating the tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3 (TIMP3) gene. Methods: miR-21 expression was investigated in 32 matched breast cancer and normal breast tissues, and in four human breast cancer cell lines, by Taqman quantitative real-time PCR. Cell invasive ability was determined by matrigel invasion assay in vitro, in cells transfected with miR-21 or anti-miR-21 oligonucleotides. In addition, the regulation of tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3 (TIMP3) by miR-21 was evaluated by western blotting and luciferase assays. Results: Of the 32 paired samples analyzed, 25 breast cancer tissues displayed overexpression of miR-21 in comparison with matched normal breast epithelium. Additionally, incidence of lymph node metastasis closely correlated with miR-21 expression, suggesting a role for miR-21 in metastasis. Similarly, each of the four breast cancer cell lines analyzed overexpressed miR-21, to varied levels. Further, cells transfected with miR-21 showed significantly increased matrigel invasion compared with control cells, whereas transfection with anti-miR-21 significantly decreased cell invasion. Evaluation of TIMP3 protein levels, a peptidase involved in extarcellular matrix degredation, inversely correlated with miR-21 expression. Conclusion: As knockdown of miR-21 increased TIMP3 protein expression and luciferase reporter activity, our data suggests that miR-21 could promote invasion in breast cancer cells via its regulation of TIMP3."	1
"Title: MicroRNA let-7a inhibits proliferation of human prostate cancer cells in vitro and in vivo by targeting E2F2 and CCND2. Abstract: Previous work has shown reduced expression levels of let-7 in lung tumors. But little is known about the expression or mechanisms of let-7a in prostate cancer. In this study, we used in vitro and in vivo approaches to investigate whether E2F2 and CCND2 are direct targets of let-7a, and if let-7a acts as a tumor suppressor in prostate cancer by down-regulating E2F2 and CCND2. Methodology/principal: Findings Real-time RT-PCR demonstrated that decreased levels of let-7a are present in resected prostate cancer samples and prostate cancer cell lines. Cellular proliferation was inhibited in PC3 cells and LNCaP cells after transfection with let-7a. Cell cycle analysis showed that let-7a induced cell cycle arrest at the G1/S phase. A dual-luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that the 3'UTR of E2F2 and CCND2 were directly bound to let-7a and western blotting analysis further indicated that let-7a down-regulated the expression of E2F2 and CCND2. Our xenograft models of prostate cancer confirmed the capability of let-7a to inhibit prostate tumor development in vivo. Conclusions/significance: These findings help to unravel the anti-proliferative mechanisms of let-7a in prostate cancer. Let-7a may also be novel therapeutic candidate for prostate cancer given its ability to induce cell-cycle arrest and inhibit cell growth, especially in hormone-refractory prostate cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-21 and microRNA-148a contribute to DNA hypomethylation in lupus CD4+ T cells by directly and indirectly targeting DNA methyltransferase 1. Abstract: Systemic lupus erythematosus is a complex autoimmune disease caused by genetic and epigenetic alterations. DNA methylation abnormalities play an important role in systemic lupus erythematosus disease processes. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated as fine-tuning regulators controlling diverse biological processes at the level of posttranscriptional repression. Dysregulation of miRNAs has been described in various disease states, including human lupus. Whereas previous studies have shown miRNAs can regulate DNA methylation by targeting the DNA methylation machinery, the role of miRNAs in aberrant CD4+ T cell DNA hypomethylation of lupus is unclear. In this study, by using high-throughput microRNA profiling, we identified that two miRNAs (miR-21 and miR-148a) overexpressed in CD4+ T cells from both patients with lupus and lupus-prone MRL/lpr mice, which promote cell hypomethylation by repressing DNA methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1) expression. This in turn leads to the overexpression of autoimmune-associated methylation-sensitive genes, such as CD70 and LFA-1, via promoter demethylation. Further experiments revealed that miR-21 indirectly downregulated DNMT1 expression by targeting an important autoimmune gene, RASGRP1, which mediated the Ras-MAPK pathway upstream of DNMT1; miR-148a directly downregulated DNMT1 expression by targeting the protein coding region of its transcript. Additionally, inhibition of miR-21 and miR-148a expression in CD4+ T cells from patients with lupus could increase DNMT1 expression and attenuate DNA hypomethylation. Together, our data demonstrated a critical functional link between miRNAs and the aberrant DNA hypomethylation in lupus CD4+ T cells and could help to develop new therapeutic approaches."	1
"Title: MiR-145, a new regulator of the DNA fragmentation factor-45 (DFF45)-mediated apoptotic network. Abstract: MicroRNA-145 (miR-145) is considered to play key roles in many cellular processes, such as proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis, by inhibiting target gene expression. DNA Fragmentation Factor-45 (DFF45) has been found to be the substrate of Caspase-3, and the cleavage of DFF45 by caspase-3 during apoptosis releases DFF40 that degrades chromosomal DNA into nucleosomal fragments. There are currently no in-depth studies on the relationship between miR-145 and the DFF45 gene. Results: In this study, we identified DFF45 as a novel target of miR-145. We demonstrated that miR-145 targets a putative binding site in the coding sequence (CDS) of DFF45, and its abundance is inversely associated with DFF45 expression in colon cancer cells. Using a luciferase reporter system, we found that miR-145 suppresses the expression of the luciferase reporter gene fused to the putative binding site of DFF45. The level of DFF45 protein, but not DFF45 mRNA, was decreased by miR-145, suggesting a mechanism of translational regulation. Furthermore, we demonstrate that this specific silencing of DFF45 by miR-145 accounts, at least in part, for the staurosporine-induced tumor cell apoptosis in vitro. Conclusions: Our study reveals a previously unrecognized function of miR-145 in DFF45 processing, which may underlie crucial aspects of cancer biology."	1
"Title: Downregulation of miR-21 enhances chemotherapeutic effect of taxol in breast carcinoma cells. Abstract: The successful of anti-cancer treatment are often limited by the development of drug resistance. Recent work has highlighted the involvement of non-coding RNAs, microRNAs(miRNAs) in cancer development, and their possible involvement in the evolution of drug resistance has been proposed. In this study, we combine taxol chemotherapy and miR-21 inhibitor treatment via polyamidoamine (PAMAM) dendrimers vector to evaluate the effects of combination therapy on suppression of breast cancer cells. The 50% inhibitory concentration (IC50) values for taxol were significantly decreased to a greater extent in the cells transfected with miR-21 inhibitor compared with cells treated with taxol alone. Taxol treatment also increased the percentage of apoptotic breast cancer cells in miR-21 inhibitor transfected cells compared with control cells. Furthermore, treatment of the miR-21 inhibitor-transfected cells with the anti-cancer drugs taxol resulted in significantly reduced cell viability and invasiveness compared with control cells. These results indicated that the miR-21 plays an important role in the resistance of breast carcinoma cells to chemotherapeutic drugs. Therefore, miR-21 inhibitor gene therapy combined with taxol chemotherapy might represent a promising novel therapeutic approach for the treatment of breast malignancies."	1
"Title: Gene expression profiling of drug-resistant small cell lung cancer cells by combining microRNA and cDNA expression analysis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are now known to play important roles in the regulation of gene expression for developmental timing, cell proliferation and apoptosis. Therefore, it is likely that they also modulate sensitivity and resistance to anti-cancer drugs. To better understand the molecular mechanisms of multidrug resistance in SCLC and identify novel molecular markers, we evaluated the expression of 856 miRNAs and approximately 22,000 genes using miRNA microarray and cDNA microarray in cellular models of SCLC which were widely used as sensitive (NCI-H69) and resistant cell lines (NCI-H69AR) to chemotherapy. We also analysed the correlations between miRNA and mRNA expression patterns. Further studies were tested to determine whether the differentially expressed miRNAs were involved in multidrug resistance in SCLC. Our results showed that 61 miRNAs are presented significantly (>3-fold) including up-regulation of 24 miRNAs and down-regulation of 37 miRNAs. Among these miRNAs, 48 of 61 differentially expressed miRNAs were firstly reported to be closely associated with drug resistance and 37.7% (24/61) of miRNA genes were organised as 10 clusters in total 61 significantly expressed miRNAs. We also found that only 27 of 69 miRNAs were significantly correlated with 604 of 21,522 70 mRNA transcripts by MAS database. The sensitivity to anti-cancer drugs Cisplatin, Etoposide and Doxorubicin greatly increased or reduced following transfection of the drug-resistant H69AR cells with the mimics or antagomirs of miR-134, miR-379 and miR-495, respectively. miR-134 increases the cell survival by inducing G1 arrest in H69AR cells. MRP1/ABCC1 is negatively regulated by miR-134 and down-regulation of MRP1/ABCC1 at the protein level largely correlates with elevated levels of miR-134 in H69AR cells. Our results support for the first time a substantial role for miRNAs in multidrug resistance in SCLC. miR-134 could be a causal factor of the down-regulation of MRP1/ABCC1 in H69AR cells. These findings provide valuable information for potential utility of these miRNAs as specific diagnostic biomarkers and novel therapeutic approaches for drug resistance of SCLC."	1
"Title: Role of anti-oncomirs miR-143 and -145 in human colorectal tumors. Abstract: We examined the expression levels of microRNAs (miRNAs (miRs)) in colorectal tumors (63 cancer specimens and 65 adenoma specimens) and paired non-tumorous tissues. Decreased expression of miR-143 and -145 was frequently observed in the adenomas and cancers tested, compared with miR-34a downregulation and miR-21 upregulation. Expression profiles of miR-143 and -145 were not associated with any clinical features. As the downregulation of miR-143 and -145 was observed even in the early phase of adenoma formation, the decreased expression of both miRs would appear to contribute mainly to the initiation step of tumorigenesis, not to the progression stage, and not to clinical prognostic factors. For clinical application, we changed the sequences of the passenger strand in the miR-143 duplex and performed chemical modification at the 3'-overhang portion of miR-143, leading to greater activity and stability to nuclease. The cell growth inhibitory effect of the chemically modified synthetic miR-143 in vitro was greater than that of endogenous miR-143. The miR-143 showed a significant tumor-suppressive effect on xenografted tumors of DLD-1 human colorectal cancer cells. These findings suggest that miR-143 and -145 are important onco-related genes for the initiation step of colorectal tumor development and that the chemically modified synthetic miR-143 may be a hopeful candidate as an RNA medicine for the treatment of colorectal tumors."	1
"Title: Small interference RNA targeting Krüppel-like factor 8 inhibits the renal carcinoma 786-0 cells growth in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) plays an important role in oncogenic transformation and is highly overexpressed in several types of human cancer. We investigated the expression of KLF8 in renal cell carcinoma (RCC) tissues and the role of small interference RNA targeting KLF8 on growth, cell cycle, and apoptosis of human renal carcinoma cell line 786-0 in vitro and in vivo. Methods: The expression of KLF8 protein and mRNA in human renal carcinoma samples was detected by immunochemistry and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). The effects of small interference RNA (siRNA) targeting KLF8 on growth, invasiveness, cell cycle, and apoptosis of 786-0 cells were evaluated by MTT assay, Matrigel Invasion Assay, and flow cytometry in vitro. We also investigated effect of siRNA targeting KLF8 on growth of 786-0 cells in nude mice in vivo. Results: Immunohistochemistry and RT-PCR results showed the expression of KLF8 protein and mRNA in RCC specimens was significantly higher than that in the adjacent non-tumorous renal tissues (P < 0.001). KLF8-siRNA depressed the cellular growth and invasion of 786-0 cells in vitro. The flow cytometry results revealed that KLF8-siRNA could induce an increase in G0/G1 phase cells and induce cell apoptosis. Intratumor injection of siRNA targeting KLF8 inhibited the growth of 786-0 cells in vivo in nude mice tumor model. Conclusions: KLF8 possibly involved in regulating the cell growth, invasion, apoptosis, and proliferation of renal carcinoma cancer cells. Blocking the KLF8 channel might be a potential therapeutic strategy for RCC."	1
"Title: Upregulation of microRNA-451 increases cisplatin sensitivity of non-small cell lung cancer cell line (A549). Abstract: Recently, miR-451 as a tumor suppressor has been reported in other studies. However, whether miR-451 can affect the sensitivity of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells to cisplatin (DDP) remains unclear. The aim of this study is to evaluate the roles of miR-451 in the sensitivity of NSCLC cells to DDP. Methods: Quantitative RT-PCR assay was performed to detect the expression of miR-451 in 10 pairs of NSCLC and noncancerous tissue samples. pcDNA-GW/EmGFP-miR-451 was stably transfected into NSCLC cell line (A549). Then, the effects of miR-451 upregulation on growth, colony formation and apoptosis of A549 cells were investigated. Finally, the effects of miR-451 upregulation on in vitro and in vivo sensitivity of A549 cells of DDP were also determined. Results: The level of miR-451 expression in NSCLC tissues was significantly higher than that in corresponding noncancerous tissues. Ectopic overexpression of miR-451 could significantly inhibit growth and induce apoptosis of A549 cells. Moreover, ectopic overexpression of miR-451 could sensitize A549 cells to DDP possibly by increasing DDP-induced apoptosis which might be associated with the inactivation of Akt signaling pathway. Conclusions: This study demonstrated for the first time that combination of DDP application with miR-451 upregulation might be a potential strategy for the treatment of human NSCLC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-221/222 confers breast cancer fulvestrant resistance by regulating multiple signaling pathways. Abstract: Fulvestrant is a selective estrogen receptor downregulator (SERD) and highly effective antagonist to hormone-sensitive breast cancers following failure of previous tamoxifen or aromatase inhibitor therapies. However, after prolonged fulvestrant therapy, acquired resistance eventually occurs in the majority of breast cancer patients, due to poorly understood mechanisms. To examine a possible role(s) of aberrantly expressed microRNAs (miRNAs) in acquired fulvestrant resistance, we compared antiestrogen-resistant and -sensitive breast cancer cells, revealing the overexpression of miR-221/222 in the SERD-resistant cell lines. Fulvestrant treatment of estradiol (E2)- and fulvestrant-sensitive MCF7 cells resulted in increased expression of endogenous miR-221/222. Ectopic upregulation of miR-221/222 in estrogen receptor-? (ER?)-positive cell lines counteracted the effects of E2 depletion or fulvestrant-induced cell death, thus also conferring hormone-independent growth and fulvestrant resistance. In cells with acquired resistance to fulvestrant, miR-221/222 expression was essential for cell growth and cell cycle progression. To identify possible miR-221/222 targets, miR-221- or miR-222- induced alterations in global gene expression profiles and target gene expression at distinct time points were determined, revealing that miR-221/222 overexpression resulted in deregulation of multiple oncogenic signaling pathways previously associated with drug resistance. Activation of ?-catenin by miR-221/222 contributed to estrogen-independent growth and fulvestrant resistance, whereas TGF-?-mediated growth inhibition was repressed by the two miRNAs. This first in-depth investigation into the role of miR-221/222 in acquired fulvestrant resistance, a clinically important problem, demonstrates that these two 'oncomirs' may represent promising therapeutic targets for treating hormone-independent, SERD-resistant breast cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-146a is linked to pain-related pathophysiology of osteoarthritis. Abstract: Because miR-146a is linked to osteoarthritis (OA) and cartilage degeneration is associated with pain, we have characterized the functional role of miR-146a in the regulation of human articular cartilage homeostasis and pain-related factors. Expression of miRNA 146a was analyzed in human articular cartilage and synovium, as well as in dorsal root ganglia (DRG) and spinal cord from a rat model for OA-related pain assessment. The functional effects of miR-146a on human chondrocytic, synovial, and microglia cells were studied in cells transfected with miR-146a. Using real-time PCR, we assessed the expression of chondrocyte metabolism-related genes in chondrocytes, genes for inflammatory factors in synovial cells, as well as pain-related proteins and ion channels in microglial cells. Previous studies showed that miR-146a is significantly upregulated in human peripheral knee OA joint tissues. Transfection of synthetic miR-146a significantly suppresses extracellular matrix-associated proteins (e.g., Aggrecan, MMP-13, ADAMTS-5, collagen II) in human knee joint chondrocytes and regulates inflammatory cytokines in synovial cells from human knee joints. In contrast, miR-146a is expressed at reduced levels in DRGs and dorsal horn of the spinal cords isolated from rats experiencing OA-induced pain. Exogenous supplementation of synthetic miR-146a significantly modulates inflammatory cytokines and pain-related molecules (e.g., TNF?, COX-2, iNOS, IL-6, IL8, RANTS and ion channel, TRPV1) in human glial cells. Our findings suggest that miR-146a controls knee joint homeostasis and OA-associated algesia by balancing inflammatory responses in cartilage and synovium with pain-related factors in glial cells. Hence, miR-146a may be useful for the treatment of both cartilage regeneration and pain symptoms caused by OA."	1
"Title: Human sphingomyelin synthase 1 gene (SMS1): organization, multiple mRNA splice variants and expression in adult tissues. Abstract: We have previously characterized the structure of the human MOB gene (TMEM23), which encodes a hypothetical transmembrane protein (Vladychenskaya et al., 2002, 2004). The primary structure of the peptide that we predicted coincided completely with the amino acid sequence of the later identified sphingomyelin synthase 1 protein (SMS1), which catalyses the transfer of a phosphorylcholine moiety from phosphatidylcholine to ceramide, producing sphingomyelin and diacylglycerol (Huitema et al., 2004; Yamaoka et al., 2004). The gene we found was the SMS1 gene. The combination of in silico and RT-PCR data helped us identify and characterize numerous new transcripts of the human SMS1 gene. We identified mRNA isoforms that vary in the 5'-untranslated region (UTR) and encode the full-length protein, and transcripts resulting from alternative combinations of the exons in the coding region of the gene and the 3'-UTR. Comparison of the discovered transcripts' structures with the sequence of human chromosome 10 showed that the human SMS1 gene comprises at least 24 exons. RT-PCR and real-time PCR data showed that the expression patterns of the alternative SMS1 transcripts are tissue specific. Our results indicate that the regulation of SMS1 expression is complex and occurs at the transcriptional, post-transcriptional and translational levels."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-143 functions as a tumor suppressor in human bladder cancer T24 cells. Abstract: MicroRNA (miR)-143 and -145 were down-regulated in human bladder cancer T24 cells. The enforced expression of miR-143 induced growth-suppression in T24 cells through down-regulation of ERK5 and Akt expression at translational level, and chemically-modified synthetic miR-143 (miR-143/BP) exhibited a greater growth inhibitory effect than wild-type miR-143. In addition, the synthetic miR-143/BP induced apoptotic cell death in some of the transfected cells. Furthermore, co-treatment with the synthetic miR-143/BP and cisplatin showed the additive growth-suppressing effect on T24 cells. These findings suggest that the chemically-modified synthetic miR-143 functions as a tumor suppressor in T24 cells by targeting ERK5 and/or Akt."	1
"Title: Up-regulation of microRNA-145 promotes differentiation by repressing OCT4 in human endometrial adenocarcinoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNA-145 (miR-145) has been reported to be a tumor-suppressing agent in several studies. It can repress pluripotency and control human embryonic stem cell differentiation by regulating the core pluripotency factor OCT4. However, it is not known whether miR-145 can play a role in inducing tumor cell differentiation and repressing growth of tumors. Methods: Ishikawa cells, the established human endometrial cancer cells, were treated with miR-145 mimics, inhibitor, or small interfering RNA OCT4. miR-145 levels were assayed using TaqMan microRNA assays, and the messenger RNA levels of OCT4 and the differentiation marker glycodelin were measured using real-time polymerase chain reaction. The protein levels of OCT4 and glycodelin were characterized via flow cytometry, western blotting, and immunohistochemistry. In vivo activity was measured in a xenograft mouse model. Results: Up-regulating miR-145 reduced the expression of OCT4 and induced the differentiation of Ishikawa cells to closely resemble normal endometrial epithelium both in vitro and in vivo. miR-145 successfully inhibited tumor growth. We also found that in patients with endometrial carcinoma, miR-145 and OCT4 were expressed in tissues, and there was a relationship between miR-145, OCT4, and the degree of tumor cell differentiation. Conclusions: Our results strongly suggested that miR-145 is a tumor cell differentiation-inducing agent in endometrial carcinoma, and that miR-145 or OCT4 may be useful markers for grading endometrial carcinoma."	1
"Title: Effects of metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 inhibition by small hairpin RNA on ovarian carcinoma OVCAR-3 cells. Abstract: Metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 (MACC1) is demonstrated to be up-regulated in several types of cancer, and can serve as biomarker for cancer invasion and metastasis. To investigate the relations between MACC1 and biological processes of ovarian cancer, MACC1 specific small hairpin RNA (shRNA) expression plasmids were used to investigate the effects of MACC1 inhibition on ovarian carcinoma OVCAR-3 cells. Methods: Expressions of MACC1 were detected in different ovarian tissues by immunohistochemistry. MACC1 specific shRNA expression plasmids were constructed and transfected into OVCAR-3 cells. Then, expressions of MACC1 were examined by reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and Western blot. Cell proliferation was observed by MTT and monoplast colony formation assay. Flow cytometry and TUNEL assay were used to measure cell apoptosis. Cell migration was assessed by wound healing and transwell migration assay. Matrigel invasion and xenograft model assay were performed to analyze the potential of cell invasion. Activities of Met, MEK1/2, ERK1/2, Akt, cyclinD1, caspase3 and MMP2 protein were measured by Western blot. Results: Overexpressions of MACC1 were detected in ovarian cancer tissues. Expression of MACC1 in OVCAR-3 cells was significantly down-regulated by MACC1 specific small hairpin RNA. In OVCAR-3 cells, down-regulation of MACC1 resulted in significant inhibition of cell proliferation, migration and invasion, meanwhile obvious enhancement of apoptosis. As a consequence of MACC1 knockdown, expressions of Met, p-MEK1/2, p-ERK1/2, cyclinD1 and MMP2 protein decreased, level of cleaved capase3 was increased. Conclusions: RNA interference (RNAi) against MACC1 could serve as a promising intervention strategy for gene therapy of ovarian carcinoma, and the antitumor effects of MACC1 knockdown might involve in the inhibition of HGF/Met and MEK/ERK pathways."	1
"Title: Identification and characterization of a novel mammalian isoform of the endocytic adaptor ITSN1. Abstract: Intersectin 1 (ITSN1) is an evolutionarily conserved adaptor protein engaged in clathrin-mediated endocytosis, cell signaling and actin cytoskeleton rearrangements. Two major ITSN1 isoforms were initially described, the ubiquitous short isoform (ITSN1-s) and the long isoform (ITSN1-l) expressed predominantly in neurons. Numerous alternative splicing events for ITSN1 pre-mRNA were later identified. Here we describe a novel isoform ITSN1-22a with an alternative C-terminus encoded by exon 22a. This exon is only found in placental mammals. The transcript of ITSN1-22a is detected in a wide range of human and mouse tissues. We show here that two alternative splicing events affect the coding sequence of the ITSN1-22a isoform. Moreover, alternative polyadenylation of these transcripts was demonstrated in human tissues. The protein encoded by the ITSN1-22a transcript possesses two EH domains, a coiled-coil region, an SH3A domain and a specific C-terminal domain (CTD) but lacks four SH3 domains in comparison with ITSN1-s. The level of ITSN1-22a protein varies in different mouse tissues and human cell lines. The highest amounts of this isoform occur in mouse brain, spleen, lung and the human B cell line DG75. ITSN1-22a binds via its CTD to the SH3 domain of the endocytic protein amphiphysin 1 and the SH3A domain of ITSN1. Furthermore association in vivo and codistribution of ITSN1-22a and ITSN1-s were demonstrated suggesting that these isoforms could function in concert. We have revealed differential binding of ITSN1-s and ITSN1-22a to the ubiquitin ligase Cbl. Both isoforms possess the SH3A domain capable of binding to Cbl; however ITSN1-22a in contrast to ITSN1-s did not interact with Cbl in vivo. In vitro binding experiments demonstrated that the CTD of ITSN1-22a negatively regulated its binding to Cbl; at the same time interaction with another partner, dynamin 1 was not affected by the presence of the CTD. These data suggest that intramolecular interaction within ITSN1-22a could specifically regulate its binding to protein partners. Thus, this novel mammalian ITSN1 isoform possesses a significantly altered domain structure and performs specific protein-protein interactions."	1
"Title: Basal transcription of the human TBX3 gene, a key developmental regulator which is overexpressed in several cancers, requires functional NF-Y and Sp1 sites. Abstract: TBX3 is a member of the T-box family of genes that encode developmentally important transcription factors. Mutations resulting in decreased levels of functional TBX3 lead to Ulnar-Mammary Syndrome and increased levels of TBX3 have been linked to several cancers. To understand the mechanisms regulating TBX3 expression we have previously cloned the 5'-flanking region of the human TBX3 gene and here we describe cis-elements required for its basal transcription. Using site-directed mutagenesis, luciferase reporter assays and in vitro and in vivo DNA binding experiments we identify a Sp1 element and two CCAAT boxes to be essential for basal TBX3 promoter activity. Our results are consistent with reports that these sites are necessary for efficient basal transcription in genes which lack TATA boxes or an Initiator which we show to be the case for TBX3."	1
"Title: The Zfx gene is expressed in human gliomas and is important in the proliferation and apoptosis of the human malignant glioma cell line U251. Abstract: Zfx is a zinc finger protein of the Zfy family, whose members are highly conserved in vertebrates. Zfx is a shared transcriptional regulator of both embryonic stem cells (ESC) and hematopoietic stem cells (HSC), which suggests a common genetic basis of self-renewal in embryonic and adult stem cells. The level of Zfx expression correlates with aggressiveness and severity in many cancer types, including prostate cancer, breast cancer, and leukemia. However, the importance of Zfx in human glioma is largely unknown. In the present study, we examined the role of Zfx in human glioma. Methods: We detected expression levels of Zfx mRNA in U251 cells, U87 cells, U373 cells, and A172 cells by semi-quantitative RT-PCR. To analyze the expression of Zfx mRNA in glioma tissues, we performed real-time quantitative PCR on 35 pathologically confirmed glioma samples (Grade I-4cases, Grade II-13cases, Grade III-11cases, and Grade IV-7cases) and on 5 noncancerous brain tissue samples. We used lentivirus-mediated small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) to knock down Zfx expression in the human malignant glioma cell line U251. Changes in Zfx target gene expression were determined by real-time RT-PCR. Cell proliferation was examined by a High Content Screening assay. DNA synthesis in proliferating cells was determined by BrdU incorporation. Cell cycle distribution and apoptosis were detected by flowcytometric analysis. Results: We discovered that Zfx mRNA was expressed in U251 cells, U87 cells, U373 cells, and A172 cells. The expression level of Zfx is significantly higher in gliomas compared to noncancerous brain tissue. Using a lentivirus-based RNAi approach, Zfx expression was significantly inhibited in human glioblastoma U251 cells. The effects of Zfx knockdown on cell proliferation, cell cycle distribution, and apoptosis were assessed. Inhibition of Zfx expression in U251 cells by RNAi significantly impaired cell proliferation, increased apoptosis, and arrested cells in S phase. Conclusions: The results of our study demonstrate that the Zfx gene is highly expressed in glioma tissue and in glioma cell lines. Furthermore, Zfx may play a critical role in cell proliferation, cell cycle distribution, and apoptosis of human malignant glioma cells."	1
"Title: Annexin-1 signals mitogen-stimulated breast tumor cell proliferation by activation of the formyl peptide receptors (FPRs) 1 and 2. Abstract: The role of the calcium- and phospholipid-binding protein annexin I (ANXA1) in cell cycle regulation has been investigated in estrogen receptor (ER)-positive MCF-7 and ER-negative MDA-MB-231 breast tumor cell lines. In MCF-7 cells, ANXA1-targeting small interfering RNA (siRNA) reduced ANXA1 mRNA and protein levels and attenuated cell proliferation induced by FCS, estradiol, or epidermal growth factor. Well-characterized agonists for the known ANXA1 receptor, FPR2, including the ANXA1 N-terminal proteolytic product ANXA1(2-26), lipoxin A(4) (LXA(4)), and the synthetic peptide, Trp-Lys-Tyr-Met-Val-D-Met (WKYMVm), stimulated proliferation of MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 cells that was attenuated by incubation with FPR2 antagonists WRW(4) (1 ?M) or Boc2 (100 nM) or by siRNA against FPR2. FCS-induced mitogenic responses were attenuated by each of the FPR antagonists and by siRNA against FPR2 and, to a lesser extent, FPR1. LXA(4) increased phosphorylation of Akt, p70(S6K) but not ERK1/2. Increases in cyclin D1 protein induced by FCS or LXA(4) were blocked by the PI3 kinase inhibitor, LY294002, and attenuated by FPR2 antagonism using Boc2. In invasive breast cancer, immunohistochemistry revealed the presence of ANXA1 and its receptor, FPR2, in both tumor epithelium and stromal cells. These observations suggest a novel signaling role for ANXA1 in mitogen-activated proliferation of breast tumor epithelial cells that is mediated via activation of FPR1 and FPR2."	1
"Title: miR-143 decreases prostate cancer cells proliferation and migration and enhances their sensitivity to docetaxel through suppression of KRAS. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been implicated in regulating diverse cellular pathways. Emerging evidence indicates that miR-143 plays causal roles in cancer tumorigenesis as a tumor suppress gene; however, its role in prostate cancer tumorigenesis remains largely unknown. The aims of this study were to verify the effect of miR-143 on proliferation and migration abilities of prostate cancer cells. The expression level of miR-143 and its target gene KRAS were measured by realtime PCR and western blotting, respectively. Effects of miR-143 in cell proliferation, migration and chemosensitivity were evaluated by MTT assay, FACS cell cycle analysis, colony formation assay, and transwell migratory assay. Our results revealed an inverse correlation of expression between miR-143 and KRAS protein in prostate cancer samples (Pearson's correlation scatter plots: R = -0.707, P < 0.05). Moreover, over-expression of miR-143 in prostate cancer cells suppressed their proliferation and migration and increased their sensitivity to docetaxel by targeting EGFR/RAS/MAPK pathway. These findings suggest that miR-143 plays an important role in prostate cancer proliferation, migration and chemosensitivity by suppressing KRAS and subsequent inactivation of MAPK pathway, which provides a potential development of a new approach for the treatment of prostate cancer."	1
"Title: Preliminary screening and identification of stem cell-like sphere clones in a gallbladder cancer cell line GBC-SD. Abstract: This paper aims to screen and identify sphere clone cells with characteristics similar to cancer stem cells in human gallbladder cancer cell line GBC-SD. GBC-SD cells were cultured in a serum-free culture medium with different concentrations of the chemotherapeutic drug cisplatin for generating sphere clones. The mRNA expressions of stem cell-related genes CD133, OCT-4, Nanog, and drug resistance genes ABCG2 and MDR-1 in sphere clones were detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Stem cell markers were also analyzed by flow cytometry and immunofluorescent staining. Different amounts of sphere clones were injected into nude mice to test their abilities to form tumors. Sphere clones were formed in serum-free culture medium containing cisplatin (30 ?mol/L). Flow cytometry results demonstrated that the sphere clones expressed high levels of stem cell markers CD133(+) (97.6%) and CD44(+) (77.9%) and low levels of CD24(+) (2.3%). These clones also overexpressed the drug resistance genes ABCG2 and MDR-1. Quantitative real-time PCR showed that sphere clones expressed stem cell genes Nanog and OCT-4 284 and 266 times, respectively, more than those in the original GBC-SD cells. Immunofluorescent staining showed that sphere clones overexpressed OCT-4, Nanog, and SOX-2, and low expressed MUC1 and vimentin. Tumor formation experiments showed that 1×10(3) sphere clone cells could induce much larger tumors in nude mice than 1×10(5) GBC-SD cells. In conclusion, sphere clones of gallbladder cancer with stem cell-like characteristics can be obtained using suspension cultures of GBC-SD cells in serum-free culture medium containing cisplatin."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-107, an oncogene microRNA that regulates tumour invasion and metastasis by targeting DICER1 in gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNA molecules that control expression of target genes. Previous studies showed that microRNA-107 (miR-107) is overexpressed in gastric cancer tissues compared with the matched normal tissues. However, it remains largely unclear as to how miR-107 exerts its function and modulates the malignant phenotypes of gastric cancer, because our understanding of miR-107 signalling pathways is limited. In this study, we demonstrate that miR-107 is frequently up-regulated in gastric cancers and its overexpression is significantly associated with gastric cancer metastasis. Furthermore, silencing the expression of miR-107 could inhibit gastric cancer cell migration and invasion in vitro and in vivo. Subsequent investigation characterized DICER1 as a direct target of miR-107. Up-regulation of DICER1 resulted in a dramatic reduction of in vitro migration, invasion, in vivo liver metastasis of nude mice, which is similar to that occurs with the silencing of miR-107, indicating that DICER1 functions as a metastasis suppressor in gastric cancer. Furthermore, the restoration of DICER1 can inhibit miR-107-induced gastric cancer cell invasion and metastasis. In conclusion, our results suggested that miR-107, an oncogene miRNA promoting gastric cancer metastasis through down-regulation of DICER1. Inhibition of miR-107 or restoration of DICER1 may represent a new potential therapeutic target for gastric cancer treatment."	1
"Title: Ectopic expression of MiR-125a inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting MMP11 and VEGF. Abstract: Studies have been shown that miR-125a plays an important role in carcinogenesis, however, the role of miR-125a in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remains elusive. Methodology/principal: Real time-PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to test the significance of miR-125a in HCC. Ectopic expression of miR-125a was used to test the influences of miR-125a on proliferation and metastasis of HCC cells in vitro and in vivo. Predicted target genes of miR-125a were determined by dual-luciferase reporting, qRT-PCR, and western blot (WB) analyses. Then immunohistochemical staining (IHC) was used to detect the expression of target genes, and the correlations and prognostic values of miR-125a and its target genes were also investigated. Conclusions/significance: Decreased miR-125a was observed in both HCC tissues and cell lines, and associated with patients' aggressive pathologic features. Up-regulating miR-125a significantly inhibited the malignant phenotypes by repressing the expression of matrix metalloproteinase 11 (MMP11) and vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A) both in vitro and in vivo. Furthermore, miR-125a expression was inversely correlated with both MMP11 and VEGF-A expression in HCC tissues. Inhibiting miR-125a could increase both MMP11 and VEGF-A expression, and RNA interference targeting MMP11 or VEGF-A mRNA could rescue the loss of miR-125a functions. MiR-125a inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of HCC by targeting MMP11 and VEGF-A. Up-regulation of miR-125a might be a promising approach and a prognostic marker for HCC."	1
"Title: siRNA mediated silencing of NIN1/RPN12 binding protein 1 homolog inhibits proliferation and growth of breast cancer cells. Abstract: The gene encoding the Nin one binding (NOB1) protein which plays an essential role in protein degradation has been investigated for possible tumor promoting functions. The present study was focused on NOB1 as a possible therapeutic target for breast cancer treatment. Lentivirus mediated NOB1 siRNA transfection was used to silence the NOB1 gene in two established breast cancer cell lines, MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231, successful transfection being confirmed by fluorescence imaging. NOB1 deletion caused significant decline in cell proliferation was observed in both cell lines as investigated by MTT assay. Furthermore the number and size of the colonies formed were also significantly reduced in the absence of NOB1. Moreover NOB1 gene knockdown arrested the cell cycle and inhibited cell cycle related protein expression. Collectively these results indicate that NOB1 plays an essential role in breast cancer cell proliferation and its gene expression could be a therapeutic target."	1
"Title: Polymorphism of estrogen response element in TFF1 gene promoter is associated with an increased susceptibility to gastric cancer. Abstract: TFF1 is a cysteine-rich protein that forms a characteristic trefoil domain through disulfide bonds, which render it resistant to vigorous conditions and it involves in maintaining the integrity of the gastric mucosa. Decreased expression of TFF1 gene plays a role in the development of gastric cancer. We examined the association between the promoter polymorphisms of the TFF1 gene and the risk of development of gastric cancer, in a case-control study including 199 controls and 141 patients with gastric cancer. Assessment of single nucleotide polymorphisms in the promoter region of the TFF1 gene was performed by sequencing and polymerase chain reaction-based restriction fragment length polymorphism. We found a statistically significant increased risk of gastric cancer associated with -394 TT genotypes (OR=8.78, CI=2.85-27.05, p<0.001) and CT (OR=1.64, CI=1.04-2.60, p=0.033). This single nucleotide polymorphism occurs naturally in an estrogen response element. According to induction of the TFF1 gene by estrogen, it is possible that the substitution of C to T results in a decreased estrogen receptor binding affinity to the estrogen response element and in turn it decreases the expression of the TFF1 gene that may be involved in development of gastric cancer over a lifetime."	1
"Title: Identification and characterization of splicing variants of PLEKHA5 (Plekha5) during brain development. Abstract: PLEKHA5 (pleckstrin homology domain-containing protein family A, member 5) belongs to the PLEKHA family (PLEKHA1-6); however, the properties of this protein remain poorly characterized. We have identified and characterized two forms of PLEKHA5 mRNA. The long form of PLEKHA5 (L-PLEKHA5) contains 32 exons, encodes 1282 amino acids, and is specifically expressed in the brain; the short form of PLEKHA5 (S-PLEKHA5) is generated by alternative splicing of L-PLEKHA5, contains 26 exons, encodes 1116 amino acids, and is ubiquitously expressed. Both forms of the protein contain putative Trp-Trp (WW) and pleckstrin homology (PH) domains and are located mainly in the cytosol. Developmental and age-dependent expression studies in the mouse brain have shown that Plekha5 is the most abundantly expressed protein at E13.5 with S-Plekha5 dominancy. L-Plekha5 levels increased gradually with the decrease in total Plekha5 levels; moreover, L-Plekha5 became the dominant protein at E17.5, maintaining its dominance throughout adulthood. Protein-lipid overlay assays have indicated that the PH domain of PLEKHA5 specifically interacts with PI3P, PI4P, PI5P, and PI(3,5)P2. These results suggest that the S- to L-conversion of PLEKHA5 (Plekha5) may play an important role in brain development through association with specific phosphoinositides."	1
"Title: Impact of glutathione-S-transferase gene polymorphisms on enzyme activity, lung function and bronchial asthma susceptibility in Egyptian children. Abstract: Asthma is a complex multifactorial disease with an obvious genetic predisposition. Polymorphisms of the glutathione-S-transferase (GST) genes are known risk factors for some environmentally-related diseases. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of polymorphisms in the GSTT1, GSTM1 and GSTP1 genes and asthma susceptibility in Egyptian children, and to analyze their effect on GST activity and lung function. Methods: GSTT1 and GSTM1 gene polymorphism was genotyped using the multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and GSTP1 ILe105Val polymorphism was determined using PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) in 168 healthy and 126 asthmatic children (82 atopic and 44 nonatopic). Also GST enzyme activity and lung function were evaluated. Results: Asthmatic children had a significant higher prevalence of the GSTM1 null (P=0.003) and significant lower prevalence of GSTP1 Val/Val genotypes (P=0.02) than control group. Lung function was significantly decreased in GSTM1 null genotype and GSTP1 Ile/Ile genotype. GSTP1 Val/Val genotypes and GSTM1 null genotype had a significant decrease in plasma GST activity. Conclusions: GST genes polymorphisms may play an important role in pathogenesis and susceptibility to asthma in children."	1
"Title: Association between TPO gene polymorphisms and Anti-TPO level in Tehranian population: TLGS. Abstract: Thyroid peroxidase (TPO) gene variations are one cause of thyroid autoimmune diseases. The aim of this study was to examine the association between the T1936C, T2229C and A2257C polymorphisms of the TPO gene and Anti-TPO level. Materials and methods: In this case-control study, 188 individuals (86 males and 102 females), aged 20-80 years, were randomly selected from among the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS) population. A2257C and T2229C SNPs were detected with RFLP by use of BsrI and Eco57I as the restriction enzymes respectively, while the T1936C SNP was determined with ARMS-PCR. Results: In the presence of the C allele of T1936C, Anti-TPO level was significantly increased (CC: 238±43.3, CT: 47.7±15.9, TT: 74.1±11.3 IU/L p=0.002); however, this association was attenuated after adjustment for sex and age (p=0.059). No significant difference, before and after adjustment, was found in Anti-TPO level in the presence of T2229C SNP (CC: 129.1±24.5, CT: 43.5±12.6, TT: 126.5±13.8 IU/L p=0.196). The association between A2257C and Anti-TPO level was only significant after adjustment for potential confounders (p=0.007). The association between ATC and CTT haplotypes and Anti-TPO level was significant (p=0.023, 0.021 respectively), the association between CTT and Anti-TPO concentration was also significant after adjustment for sex (p=0.014). Conclusion: The results of the present study confirmed the association between TPO gene polymorphisms and Anti-TPO level in the Tehranian population."	1
"Title: Duplication of exons 3-10 of the HSD17B3 gene: a novel type of genetic defect underlying 17?-HSD-3 deficiency. Abstract: The clinical, biochemical and genetic features of a Cypriot origin male of non-consanguineous parents due to 17?-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 3 (17?-HSD-3) deficiency are presented. The patient, currently a 10 old male, was referred to our clinic because of ambiguous genitalia at birth. Gonads were palpable in the inguinal canal bilaterally and no Müllerian structures identified on pelvic ultrasound. Chromosomal analysis showed an apparently normal male 46,XY karyotype. Diagnosis of 17?-HSD-3 deficiency in the newborn was suspected based on biochemical findings, following human chorionic gonadotrophin (hCG) stimulation test. Sequence analysis and real time PCR along with MLPA identified the patient with a novel 11.96 kb duplication that spans exons 3-10 of the HSD17B3 gene and extends from intron 2 to intron 10 in compound heterozygosity with the known p.R80Q missense mutation leading to 17?-HSD-3. In conclusion, 17?-HSD-3 deficiency was diagnosed in this patient based on endocrinologic evaluation and confirmed with genetic analysis of the HSD17B3 gene. The novel large duplication spanning exons 3-10 of the HSD17B3 gene that we report here in compound heterozygosity with the known p.R80Q leads to 17?-HSD-3 deficiency presenting as 46,XY Disorder of Sex Development. Following diagnosis and appropriate genetic counselling, the patient was raised a boy and successfully underwent surgical correction of crytptorchidism and hypospadias."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-196a promotes non-small cell lung cancer cell proliferation and invasion through targeting HOXA5. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, non-coding RNAs (~22 nt) that play important roles in the pathogenesis of human diseases by negatively regulating gene expression. Although miR-196a has been implicated in several other cancers, its role in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is unknown. The aim of the present study was to examine the expression pattern of miR-196a in NSCLC and its clinical significance, as well as its biological role in tumor progression. Methods: Expression of miR-196a was analyzed in 34 NSCLC tissues and five NSCLC cell lines by quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The effect of DNA methylation on miR-196a expression was investigated by 5-aza-2-deoxy-cytidine treatment and bisulfite sequencing. The effect of miR-196a on proliferation was evaluated by MTT and colony formation assays, and cell migration and invasion were evaluated by transwell assays. Analysis of target protein expression was determined by western blotting. Luciferase reporter plasmids were constructed to confirm the action of miR-196a on downstream target genes, including HOXA5. Differences between the results were tested for significance using Student's t-test (two-tailed). Results: miR-196a was highly expressed both in NSCLC samples and cell lines compared with their corresponding normal counterparts, and the expression of miR-196a may be affected by DNA demethylation. Higher expression of miR-196a in NSCLC tissues was associated with a higher clinical stage, and also correlated with NSCLC lymph-node metastasis. In vitro functional assays demonstrated that modulation of miR-196a expression affected NSCLC cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Our analysis showed that miR-196a suppressed the expression of HOXA5 both at the mRNA and protein levels, and luciferase assays confirmed that miR-196a directly bound to the 3'untranslated region of HOXA5. Knockdown of HOXA5 expression in A549 cells using RNAi was shown to promote NSCLC cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Finally, we observed an inverse correlation between HOXA5 and miR-196a expression in NSCLC tissues. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that miR-196a is significantly up-regulated in NSCLC tissues, and regulates NSCLC cell proliferation, migration and invasion, partially via the down-regulation of HOXA5. Thus, miR-196a may represent a potential therapeutic target for NSCLC intervention."	1
"Title: Med19 promotes gastric cancer progression and cellular growth. Abstract: Med19 was a member of the Mediator complex which forms the bridge between transcriptional activators and RNA polymerase II. We aim to investigate the functional role of Med19 in the progression of human gastric carcinoma. The correlation between Med19 expression and clinicopathologic features in 60 gastric carcinoma specimens was analyzed by using immunohistochemistry. Recombinant lentivirus expressing Med19 short hairpin RNA (shRNA) was constructed and infected into human gastric carcinoma SGC7901 and MGC803 cells. MTT, colony formation and cell cycle analysis were used to study the effect of Med19 shRNA on gastric cancer cell proliferation. Expression of Med19 was associated with tumor size, cancer cell differentiation, and TNM stages (P<0.05). Downregulation of Med19 significantly inhibited cell proliferation and colony-formation capacity, and induced G1 phase cell-cycle arrest. Collectively, Med19 functions in promoting cellular growth and may be a useful therapeutic target in malignant gastric carcinoma."	1
"Title: Toll-like receptor adaptor signaling molecule MyD88 on intervertebral disk homeostasis: in vitro, ex vivo studies. Abstract: MyD88 is an adapter protein that links toll-like receptors (TLRs) and Interleukin-1 receptors (IL-1Rs) with downstream signaling molecules. The MyD88 has been found to be an essential mediator in the development of osteoarthritis in articular cartilage. However, the role of the MyD88 pathway has yet to be elucidated in the intervertebral disk (IVD). Using in vitro techniques, we analyzed the effect of MyD88 pathway-specific inhibition on the potent inflammatory and catabolic mediator LPS and IL-1 in bovine and human nucleus pulposus (NP) cells by assessing matrix-degrading enzyme expression, including matrix metalloproteases (MMPs) and a disintegrin-like and metalloprotease with thrombospondin motifs (ADAMTS family). We also analyzed inhibition of MyD88 in the regulation of inducible nitric oxide synthase and TLR-2. Finally, we used an ex vivo organ culture model to assess the effects of MyD88 inhibitor (MyD88i) on catabolic factor-induced disk degeneration in mice lumbar disks. In bovine NP cells, MyD88i potently antagonizes LPS- or IL-1-mediated induction of cartilage-degrading enzyme production, including MMP-1, MMP-13, ADAMTS-4, and ADAMTS-5. MyD88i also attenuates the LPS- or IL-1-mediated induction of iNOS and TLR-2 gene expression. Our ex vivo findings reveal inhibition of MyD88 via counteraction of IL-1-mediated proteoglycan depletion. The findings from this study demonstrate the potent anti-inflammatory and anti-catabolic effects of inhibition of MyD88 pathway inhibition on IVD homeostasis, suggesting a potential therapeutic benefit of a MyD88i in degenerative disk disease in the future."	1
"Title: Expression of apoptosis-related genes in the endometrium of polycystic ovary syndrome patients during the window of implantation. Abstract: The present study investigated the expression of the apoptosis-related genes fas-associated via death domain (FADD) and Bcl-2 in the endometrium during the window of implantation in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) patients. The aim was to explore the role of cell apoptosis in endometrial receptivity during this period. The subjects were divided into experimental and control group. The experimental group comprised 12 infertile women with PCOS, and the control group comprised 12 women who were infertile because of tubal pathological factors but had normal menstrual cycles. Endometria were collected by biopsy 7d after ovulation. Six samples from each group were randomly selected and subjected to gene chip analyses. The expression of endometrial FADD and Bcl-2 was determined by immunohistochemistry, and cell apoptosis was detected by the TUNEL method. Compared with the control group, 194 differentially expressed genes were found in the PCOS group, 102 of which were upregulated and 92 were downregulated. The differentially expressed genes were divided into 15 types according to function. Among the nine genes related to cell apoptosis, five (including Bcl-2) were upregulated and four were downregulated (including FADD). Bcl-2 expression during the window of implantation in the PCOS group increased compared with the control group, showing a significant difference (P<0.05). FADD expression in the PCOS group notably decreased compared with that in the control group, which also showed a significant difference (P<0.05). Cell apoptosis analysis showed a significant difference between the average apoptotic indices in the PCOS and control groups (P<0.05). Significant differences were observed between the endometrial gene expression in the PCOS and control groups. The decrease in cell apoptosis during the window of implantation in PCOS patients may be one of the causes of the reduced endometrial receptivity."	1
"Title: MiR-145 directly targets p70S6K1 in cancer cells to inhibit tumor growth and angiogenesis. Abstract: MiR-145 can regulate cell apoptosis, proliferation, neural development and stem cell differentiation. Previous studies indicate that miR-145 is downregulated in human colon cancer cells. However, the molecular mechanisms of miR-145 used to regulate colon carcinogenesis and angiogenesis remain to be clarified. Here, we show that the expression of miR-145 is downregulated in colon and ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. MiR-145 inhibits p70S6K1 post-transcriptional expression by binding to its 3'-UTR. The angiogenic factors hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), which are downstream molecules of p70S6K1, are decreased by miR-145 overexpression. P70S6K1 rescues miR-145-suppressed HIF-1 and VEGF levels, tumorigenesis and tumor angiogenesis. Furthermore, the miR-145 level is inversely correlated with the amount of p70S6K1 protein in colon cancer tissues. Taken together, these studies suggest that miR-145 serves as a tumor suppressor which downregulates HIF-1 and VEGF expression by targeting p70S6K1, leading to the inhibition of tumor growth and angiogenesis. The miR-145 rescue could be a rationale for therapeutic applications in colon cancer in the future."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated gene silencing of KLF8 reduced the proliferation and invasion of gastric cancer cells. Abstract: Kruppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) is a transcription factor which has been identified to play a critical role in oncogenic transformation, epithelial-mesenchymal transition and invasion. Higher expression level of KLF8 has been observed in ovarian, renal and breast cancer cells. This study focused on investigating the knockdown effects of KLF8 through lentivirus mediated targeted disruption of KLF8 in gastric cancer cell lines. The expression level of KLF8 is much higher in gastric cancer cells than that in normal cell via Western blot analysis. The decreased expression level of KLF8 after repression was confirmed by real-time PCR and Western blot in SGC-7901, a gastric cancer cell line. The effects of KLF8 deletion on cell proliferation and cell cycle were analyzed by MTT assay and flow cytometry, respectively. Finally, the effects of KLF8 deletion on cell apoptosis and invasion of gastric cancer cells were analyzed by Annexin staining and transwell assay, respectively. It was observed that knockdown of KLF8 reduced the cellular proliferation of SGC-7901 gastric cancer cells, a phenotype at least partially due to cell cycle arrest at G1 phase and increased apoptosis. Furthermore, the inhibition of KLF8 reduces the invasion rates of the cancer cells. Therefore, KLF8 is necessary for cell survival and invasion in gastric cancer cells. The absence of KLF8 may lead to cancer cell death. These results demonstrated that the lentivirus mediated targeted disruption of KLF8 would be an promising therapeutic method for treatment of gastric cancer."	1
"Title: Short Hairpin RNA (shRNA) Ether à go-go 1 (Eag1) inhibition of human osteosarcoma angiogenesis via VEGF/PI3K/AKT signaling. Abstract: Ether à go-go 1 (Eag1) channel is overexpressed in a variety of cancers but the therapeutic potential of Eag1 in osteosarcoma remains elusive. In this study, we constructed an Ad5-Eag1-shRNA vector and evaluated its efficiency for Eag1 knockdown and its effects on osteosarcoma. Our results showed that Ad5-Eag1-shRNA had high interference efficiency of Eag1 expression and suppressed osteosarcoma growth both in vitro and in vivo. To explore the molecular mechanism underlying tumor growth inhibition induced by Eag1 silencing, the intratumoral microvessel density (MVD) was assessed by CD31 staining and the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) was detected by Western blot analysis. We found that Eag1 silencing led to decreased angiogenesis and VEGF expression in the xenograft model of osteosarcoma. Finally, we detected a time-dependent decrease in VEGF expression and considerably reduced phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K) and protein kinase B (AKT) activation in osteosarcoma cells treated by Eag1 shRNA. Taken together, our results suggest that Eag1 silencing inhibits tumor growth and angiogenesis in osteosarcoma via the down regulation of VEGF/PI3K/AKT signaling."	1
"Title: Two Tunisian patients with Peters plus syndrome harbouring a novel splice site mutation in the B3GALTL gene that modulates the mRNA secondary structure. Abstract: Peters plus syndrome is an autosomal recessive rare disorder comprising ocular anterior segment dysgenesis, short stature, hand abnormalities, distinctive facial features, and often other major/minor additional defects. Peters plus syndrome is related to mutations in the B3GALTL gene with only seven recently reported mutations, leading to the inactivation of the B1, 3-glucosyltransferase. In this study, we screened the B3GALTL gene in two unrelated patients with typical Peters plus syndrome. A novel homozygous c.597-2A>G mutation was identified in both patients. Bioinformatic analyses showed that this mutation modulates the pre mRNA secondary structure of the gene, and decreases the score value related to the formation of splicing loops. Moreover, the c.597-2A>G mutation is located in a CpG Island of the B3GALTL gene, suggesting a potential epigenetic role of this position including gene's methylation and regulation. These data confirm an important role of the B3GALTL gene test that provides diagnosis confirmation and improves genetic counseling for the families."	1
"Title: Identification of novel transcripts deregulated in buccal cancer by RNA-seq. Abstract: The differential transcriptome analysis provides better understanding of molecular pathways leading to cancer, which in turn allows designing the effective strategies for diagnosis, therapeutic intervention and prediction of therapeutic outcome. This study describes the transcriptome analysis of buccal cancer and normal tissue by CLC Genomics Workbench from the data generated by Roche's 454 sequencing platform, which identified total of 1797 and 2655 genes uniquely expressed in normal and cancer tissues, respectively with 2466 genes expressed in both tissues. Among the genes expressed in both tissues, 1842 were up-regulated whereas 624 were down-regulated in cancer tissue. Besides transcripts known to be involved in cancer, this study led to the identification of novel transcripts, with significantly altered expression in buccal cancer tissue, providing potential targets for diagnosis and cancer therapeutics. The functional categorization by the KEGG pathway and gene ontology analysis revealed enrichment of differentially expressed transcripts to various pathways leading to cancer, including the p53 signaling pathway. Moreover, the gene ontology analysis unfolded suppression of transcripts involved in actin mediated cell contraction process. The down-regulation of four of these transcripts MYL1, ACTA1, TCAP and DESMIN in buccal cancer were further supported by quantitative PCR signifying its possible implication in the cancer progression."	1
"Title: MiR-145 regulates PAK4 via the MAPK pathway and exhibits an antitumor effect in human colon cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are regulators of numerous cellular events; accumulating evidence indicates that miRNAs play a key role in a wide range of biological functions, such as cellular proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis in cancer. Down-regulated expression of miR-145 has been reported in colon cancer tissues and cell lines. The molecular mechanisms underlying miR-145 and the regulation of colon carcinogenesis remain unclear. In this study, we investigated the levels of miR-145 in human colon cancer cells using qRT-PCR and found markedly decreased levels compared to normal epithelial cells. We identified PAK4 as a novel target of miR-145 using informatics screening. Additionally, we demonstrated that miR-145 targets a putative binding site in the 3'UTR of PAK4 and that its abundance is inversely associated with miR-145 expression in colon cancer cells; we confirmed this relationship using the luciferase reporter assay. Furthermore, restoration of miR-145 by mimics in SW620 cells significantly attenuated cell growth in vitro, in accordance with the inhibitory effects induced by siRNA mediated knockdown of PAK4. Taken together, these findings demonstrate that miR-145 downregulates P-ERK expression by targeting PAK4 and leads to inhibition of tumor growth."	1
"Title: miR-200c inhibits melanoma progression and drug resistance through down-regulation of BMI-1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short noncoding RNAs that play crucial roles in tumorigenesis and tumor progression. Melanoma is the most aggressive skin cancer that is resistant or rapidly develops resistance to a variety of chemotherapeutic agents. The role of miRNAs in melanoma progression and drug resistance has not been well studied. Herein, we demonstrate that miR-200c is down-regulated in melanomas (primary and metastatic) compared with melanocytic nevi. Overexpression of miR-200c in melanoma cells resulted in significantly decreased cell proliferation and migratory capacity as well as drug resistance. miR-200c overexpression resulted in significant down-regulation of BMI-1, ABCG2, ABCG5, and MDR1 expression and in a concomitant increase in E-cadherin levels. Knockdown of BMI-1 showed similar effects as miR-200c overexpression in melanoma cells. In addition, miR-200c overexpression significantly inhibited melanoma xenograft growth and metastasis in vivo, and this correlated with diminished expression of BMI-1 and reduced levels of E-cadherin in these tumors. The effects of miR-200c on melanoma cell proliferation and migratory capacity and on self-renewal were rescued by overexpression of Bmi-1, and the reversal of these phenotypes correlated with a reduction in E-cadherin expression and increased levels of ABCG2, ABCG5, and MDR1. Taken together, these findings demonstrate a key role for miR-200c in melanoma progression and drug resistance. These results suggest that miR-200c may represent a critical target for increasing melanoma sensitivity to clinical therapies."	1
"Title: miR-143 inhibits the metastasis of pancreatic cancer and an associated signaling pathway. Abstract: Pancreatic cancer is characterized by early metastasis and high mortality. In this study, the role of miR-143 in invasion and metastasis was investigated in pancreatic cancer cells. miR-143 expression was established by an adenovirus-carried miR-143 expression cassette. mRNA and protein levels of gene expression were examined by RT-PCR and Western blot assay, respectively. Rho GTPases activity was measured by the pull down assay. The role of miR-143 in migration and invasion of Panc-1 cells was tested in vitro. The antimetastatic effect of miR-143 was tested in a liver metastasis model, while its antitumor growth effect was tested in a xenograft Panc-1 tumor model. Results demonstrated that ARHGEF1 (GEF1), ARHGEF2 (GEF2), and K-RAS genes are the targets of miR-143. miR-143 expression significantly decreased mRNA and protein levels of GEF1, GEF2, and K-RAS genes; lowered the constitutive activities of RhoA, Rac1, and Cdc42 GTPases; decreased the protein levels of MMP-2 and MMP-9; but significantly increased the protein level of E-cadherin. miR-143 expression also significantly inhibited the migration and invasion of Panc-1 cells in vitro, liver metastasis, and xenograft tumor growth in vivo. Our study suggested that miR-143 plays a central role in the invasion and metastasis of pancreatic cancer and miR-143 is a potential target for pancreatic cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Candidate-gene exclusion in a family with inherited non-syndromic dental disorders. Abstract: Amelogenesis imperfecta, dentinogenesis imperfecta, and dentin dysplasia are the most common non-syndromic dental disorders. In this study, we analysed and localised the gene(s) responsible for inherited non-syndromic dental disorders in a Chinese family. Methods: This study identified and researched non-syndromic dental disorders in a four-generation Chinese family, including four affected individuals whose clinical phenotype was atypical. Linkage analysis with seven polymorphic markers that localise to six different autochromosomes showed that the family was linked through chromosome 4q. All exons and exon-intron boundaries of dentin sialophosphoprotein (DSPP), enamelin (ENAM), and ameloblastin (AMBN), which are located on chromosome 4q, were sequenced in nine of the family members. Results: Direct DNA sequence analysis revealed the existence of a G to A transversion in exon 4 (g.13081786G>A, c.727G>A, p.Asp243Asn, based on reference sequences NM_014208.3) of the DSPP gene, and this sequence variation correlated exactly with the presence of the disease. Conclusion: These results indicate that mutation p.Asp243Asn is a highly probable cause of non-syndromic dental disorder in this Chinese family. The presence of symptom heterogeneity is possible, as the clinical classification system is hampered by the lack of close correlation between the subtype and the molecular defect."	1
"Title: The putative tumour suppressor microRNA-124 modulates hepatocellular carcinoma cell aggressiveness by repressing ROCK2 and EZH2. Abstract: Recent profile studies of microRNA (miRNA) expression have documented a deregulation of miRNA (miR-124) in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Objective: To determine the status of miR-124 expression and its underlying mechanisms in the pathogenesis of HCC. Methods: The expression levels of miR-124 were first examined in HCC cell lines and tumour tissues by real-time PCR. The in vitro and in vivo functional effect of miR-124 was examined further. A luciferase reporter assay was conducted to confirm target associations. Results: The expression levels of miR-124 were frequently reduced in HCC cells and tissues, and low-level expression of miR-124 was significantly associated with a more aggressive and/or poor prognostic phenotype of patients with HCC (p<0.05). In HCC cell lines, stable overexpression of miR-124 was sufficient to inhibit cell motility and invasion in vitro, and suppress intrahepatic and pulmonary metastasis in vivo. In addition, ectopic overexpression of miR-124 in HCC cells inhibited epithelial-mesenchymal cell transition, formation of stress fibres, filopodia and lamellipodia. Further studies showed that miR-124 could directly target the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of both ROCK2 and EZH2 mRNAs, and suppress their mRNA and protein expressions. These findings suggest that miR-124 plays a critical role in regulating cytoskeletal events and epithelial-mesenchymal cell transition and, ultimately, inhibits the invasive and/or metastatic potential of HCC, probably by its direct target on ROCK2 and EZH2 genes. These results provide functional and mechanistic links between the tumour suppressor miRNA-124 and the two oncogenes ROCK2 and EZH2 on the aggressive nature of HCC. Conclusion: These data highlight an important role for miR-124 in the regulation of invasion and metastasis in the molecular aetiology of HCC, and suggest a potential application of miR-124 in prognosis prediction and cancer treatment."	1
"Title: Small interfering RNA targeting Krüppel-like factor 8 inhibits U251 glioblastoma cell growth by inducing apoptosis. Abstract: Small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs, comprising 21-23 nucleotides that regulate gene expression by transcriptionally repressing their complementary mRNAs. In particular, Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) has been postulated to function as a tumor activator in various cancer cells, but not in glioblastoma. In the present study, we investigated the anti-tumorigenic effect of KLF8 siRNA in glioblastoma cells. U251 human glioblastoma cells were transfected with KLF8 siRNA and assayed for in vitro proliferation, cell cycle and cell apoptosis. The transfection of KLF8 siRNA reduced expression of KLF8 in the glioblastoma cells. KLF8 siRNA also reduced in vitro proliferation and enhanced cell apoptosis. These results indicate that KLF8 siRNA has an anti-tumorigenic effect on glioblastoma cells and suggest the possible use of KLF8 siRNA for the treatment of glioblastoma."	1
"Title: microRNA-30c negatively regulates endometrial cancer cells by targeting metastasis-associated gene-1. Abstract: It is well known that microRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in cancer development by targeting oncogenes or tumor-suppressor genes. However, little is known regarding the mechanisms of miR-30c action in endometrial cancer. In this study, we aimed to determine whether miR-30c targets metastasis-associated gene-1 (MTA1) and acts as a tumor suppressor in endometrial cancer cell lines Ishikawa (estrogen receptor-positive, ER+) and HEC-1-B (ER-) by down-regulating MTA1. As a result, in both Ishikawa and HEC-1-B cells, real-time PCR demonstrated that overexpression of miR-30c led to the down-regulation of MTA1 mRNA (P<0.05), while Western blotting confirmed the reduced expression levels of MTA1 protein (P<0.01). A dual-luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that miR-30c was directly bound to the 3'-untranslated regions of MTA1. Then we studied the biological mechanisms of endometrial cancer cells transfected with the Pre-miR-30c plasmid. MTT assay and growth curves revealed that miR-30c inhibits both Ishikawa and HEC-1-B cell proliferation. However, we did not see obvious differences in rates of apoptosis between miR-30c-overexpressing and the negative control cells. Then using wound-healing and Matrigel invasion assays, we found that the migratory and invasive abilities of cells transfected with the Pre-miR-30c plasmid were significantly suppressed compared with the control cells (P<0.01). Overall, our study, for the first time, showed that MTA1 is negatively regulated by miR-30c and that overexpression of miR-30c inhibits the proliferative, migratory and invasive abilities of endometrial cancer cells. These results suggest that miR-30c acts as a tumor suppressor and negatively regulates endometrial cancer cells by targeting MTA1."	1
"Title: miR-497 induces apoptosis of breast cancer cells by targeting Bcl-w. Abstract: microRNAs are a small class of non-coding RNAs with a critical role in the tumorigenesis and maintenance of breast cancer through binding to the 3'-untranslated regions of target mRNAs, which causes a block of translation and/or mRNA degradation. The purpose of this study was to investigate the expression of microRNA-497 (miR-497) as well as its potential role in human breast cancer. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) was performed to determine the expression pattern of miR-497 in breast cancer and normal breast tissues. Correlation analysis was conducted to characterize the association of miR-497 expression abnormality with pathological factors. Proliferation, cell cycle and apoptosis assays were conducted to explore the potential function of miR-497 in human MCF-7 breast cancer cells. RT-PCR and Western blot analysis were employed to validate the downstream targets of miR-497. miR-497 expression was relatively decreased in breast cancer specimens and negatively correlated with TNM stage, lymphatic metastasis, tumor size and human epidermal growth factor receptor-2 (P<0.01). On the contrary, no correlation was found with estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor and p53 status. Functional assays revealed that miR-497 suppressed cellular growth, increased the percentage of early apoptotic cells and initiated G0/G1 cell phase arrest of MCF-7 cancer cells. RT-PCR and Western blot analysis data indicated that the overexpression of miR-497 resulted in the down-regulation of Bcl-w at the mRNA and protein levels. miR-497 may serve as a tumor suppressor gene in breast cancer. The Up-regulation of miR-497 expression causes cellular growth inhibition and apoptotic enhancement, as well as G0/ G1 phase arrest, suggesting its use as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of breast cancer in the future."	1
"Title: miR-24 functions as a tumor suppressor in Hep2 laryngeal carcinoma cells partly through down-regulation of the S100A8 protein. Abstract: microRNAs, a family of small non-coding RNAs, regulating approximately 30% of all human genes are deeply involved in the pathogenesis of several types of cancers, including laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC). Here, we demonstrate that miR-24 is down-regulated in human LSCC tissues. Ectopic expression of miR-24 in Hep2 cells significantly induced cell morphology changes and inhibited cell proliferation and invasion ability in vitro by targeting S100A8 at the translational level. Meanwhile, miR-24 could significantly inhibit Hep2 cell invasion after S100A8 protein blockade. In conclusion, our results suggest that miR-24 may function as a tumor suppressor in LSCC through down-regulation of S100A8, which suggests that miR-24 could serve as a novel potential maker for LSCC therapy."	1
"Title: MiR-21 regulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition phenotype and hypoxia-inducible factor-1? expression in third-sphere forming breast cancer stem cell-like cells. Abstract: Cancer stem cells (CSCs) are predicted to be critical drivers of tumor progression due to their ""stemness"", but the molecular mechanism of CSCs in regulating metastasis remains to be elucidated. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF)-1?, and miR-21, all of which contribute to cell migration for metastasis, are interrelated with CSCs. In the present study, third-sphere forming (3-S) CSC-like cells, which showed elevated CSC surface markers (ALDH1(+) and CD44(+)/CD24(-/low)) and sphereforming capacity as well as migration and invasion capacities, were cultured and isolated from breast cancer MCF-7 parental cells, to evaluate the role of miR-21 in regulating the CSC-like cell biological features, especially EMT. EMT, which was assessed by overexpression of mesenchymal cell markers (N-cadherin, Vimentin, alpha-smooth muscle actin [?-SMA]) and suppression of epithelial cell marker (E-cadherin), was induced in 3-S CSC-like cells. Moreover, both of HIF-1? and miR-21 were upregulated in the CSC-like cells. Interestingly, antagonism of miR-21 by antagomir led to reversal of EMT, downexpression of HIF-1?, as well as suppression of invasion and migration, which indicates a key role of miR-21 involved in regulate CSC-associated features. In conclusion, we demonstrated that the formation of CSC-like cells undergoing process of EMT-like associated with overexpression of HIF-1?, both of which are regulated by miR-21."	1
"Title: Altered microRNA expression in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells and upregulation of miR-130a associated with MDR1/P-glycoprotein-mediated drug resistance. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are short non-coding RNA molecules which are involved in the regulation of various biological processes. Drug resistance has become a major obstacle to successful chemotherapy of ovarian cancer. The aim of this study was to investigate microRNA expression profiles in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells and the role of miR-130a in regulating drug resistance. Analysis of differentially expressed miRNAs between SKOV3 and SKOV3/CIS cells was assessed by miRNA microarrays. Target prediction of miRNAs was determined with the help of PicTar or TargetScan. Among these miRNAs, the expression of miR?130a was verified using qRT-PCR. The expression of MDR1 mRNA and P-glycoprotein (P-gp) after cellular transfection was examined using qRT-PCR and western blotting, respectively. Cisplatin sensitivity was detected by the MTT assay. We indentified 35 downregulated and 54 upregulated miRNAs in SKOV3/CIS compared to those in SKOV3. We found that miR-130a was upregulated in SKOV3/CIS compared to the parental SKOV3 cells, and PTEN was predicted to be the potential target of miR-130a. Moreover, downregulation of miR-130a could inhibit MDR1 mRNA and P-gp expression and overcome the cisplatin resistance in SKOV3/CIS cells, which indicated that miR-130a may be associated with MDR1/P-gp-mediated drug resistance and plays the role of an intermediate in drug-resistance pathways of PI3K/Akt/PTEN/mTOR and ABC superfamily drug transporters in SKOV3/CIS cells. This study provides important information for the development of targeted gene therapy for reversing cisplatin resistance in ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-30a inhibits cell migration and invasion by downregulating vimentin expression and is a potential prognostic marker in breast cancer. Abstract: Tumor recurrence and metastasis result in an unfavorable prognosis for cancer patients. Recent studies have suggested that specific microRNAs (miRNAs) may play important roles in the development of cancer cells. However, prognostic markers and the outcome prediction of the miRNA signature in breast cancer patients have not been comprehensively assessed. The aim of this study was to identify miRNA biomarkers relating to clinicopathological features and outcome of breast cancer. A miRNA microarray analysis was performed on breast tumors of different lymph node metastasis status and with different progression signatures, indicated by overexpression of cyclin D1 and ?-catenin genes, to identify miRNAs showing a significant difference in expression. The functional interaction between the candidate miRNA, miR-30a, and the target gene, Vim, which codes for vimentin, a protein involved in epithelial-mesenchymal transition, was examined using the luciferase reporter assay, western blotting, and migration and invasion assays. The association between the decreased miR-30a levels and breast cancer progression was examined in a survival analysis. miR-30a negatively regulated vimentin expression by binding to the 3'-untranslated region of Vim. Overexpression of miR-30a suppressed the migration and invasiveness phenotypes of breast cancer cell lines. Moreover, reduced tumor expression of miR-30a in breast cancer patients was associated with an unfavorable outcome, including late tumor stage, lymph node metastasis, and worse progression (mortality and recurrence) (p < 0.05). In conclusion, these findings suggest a role for miR-30a in inhibiting breast tumor invasiveness and metastasis. The finding that miR-30a downmodulates vimentin expression might provide a therapeutic target for the treatment of breast cancer."	1
"Title: Regulation of CEP131 gene expression by SP1. Abstract: Centrosomal proteins play important roles in cell cycle. Among them, the centrosomal protein of 131kDa (CEP131) has been reported as a critical factor for cilia formation which is related with development, signaling, and various diseases, the malfunction of cilia leading to cancer. Specificity protein 1 (SP1), known as a centrosome regulator, is an essential transcription factor regulating the genes involved in multiple cellular processes such as cell cycle, apoptosis, and DNA damages. In this study, we explored the crucial role of SP1 in the regulation of CEP131 gene transcription. A deletion analysis of the CEP131 promoter region revealed dominant promoter elements within the sequence between -400bp and -200bp, which contained consensus binding sites for SP1. Electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA) and chromatin immuno-precipitation (ChIP) assay further confirmed the direct binding of SP1 to the CEP131 promoter. On the other hand, CEP131 transcription could be inhibited by mithramycin (a GC-rich region inhibitor), but exogenous expression of SP1 could increase CEP131 expression as evidenced by a reporter gene assay. In addition, mutation of several SP1 binding sites revealed four SP1 binding sites at -244/-225, -258/-239, -304/-283 and -323/-304 that strongly affect CEP131 expression. Hence, it is suggested that SP1 is a pivotal transcription factor for the regulation of CEP131 expression, consequently leading the control of centrosome functions."	1
"Title: 14-3-3? gene variants in a Japanese patient with left ventricular noncompaction and hypoplasia of the corpus callosum. Abstract: Left ventricular noncompaction (LVNC) is a cardiomyopathy characterized by a prominent trabecular meshwork and deep intertrabecular recesses, and is thought to be due to an arrest of normal endomyocardial morphogenesis. However, the genes contributing to this process remain poorly understood. 14-3-3?, encoded by YWHAE, is an adapter protein belonging to the 14-3-3 protein family which plays important roles in neuronal development and is involved in Miller-Dieker syndrome. We recently showed that mice lacking this gene develop LVNC. Therefore, we hypothesized that variants in YWHAE may contribute to the pathophysiology of LVNC in humans. Methods and results: In 77 Japanese patients with LVNC, including the probands of 29 families, mutation analysis of YWHAE by direct DNA sequencing identified 7 novel variants. One of them, c.-458G>T, in the YWHAE promoter, was identified in a familial patient with LVNC and hypoplasia of the corpus callosum. The -458G>T variant is located within a regulatory CCAAT/enhancer binding protein (C/EBP) response element of the YWHAE promoter, and it reduced promoter activity by approximately 50%. Increased binding of an inhibitory C/EBP? isoform was implicated in decreasing YWHAE promoter activity. Interestingly, we had previously shown that C/EBP? is a key regulator of YWHAE. Conclusions: These data suggest that the -458G>T YWHAE variant contributes to the abnormal myocardial morphogenesis characteristic of LVNC as well as abnormal brain development, and implicate YWHAE as a novel candidate gene in pediatric cardiomyopathies."	1
"Title: FMO3 allelic variants in Sicilian and Sardinian populations: trimethylaminuria and absence of fish-like body odor. Abstract: The N-oxygenation of amines by the human flavin-containing monooxygenase (form 3) (FMO3) represents an important means for the conversion of lipophilic nucleophilic heteroatom-containing compounds into more polar and readily excreted products. In healthy individuals, virtually all Trimethylamine (TMA) are metabolized to Trimethylamine N-oxide (TMAO). Several single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) of the FMO3 gene have been described and result in an enzyme with decreased or abolished functional activity for TMA N-oxygenation thus leading to TMAU, or fish-like odor syndrome. Three coding region variants, c. G472A (p.E158K) in exon 4, c. G769A (p.V257M) in exon 6, and c.A923G (p.E308G) in exon 7, are common polymorphisms identified in all population examined so far and are associated with normal or slightly reduced TMA N-oxygenation activity. However, simultaneous occurrence of 158K and 308G variants results in a more pronounced decrease in FMO3 activity. A fourth polymorphism, c. G1424A (p.G475D) in exon 9, less common in the general population, was observed in individuals suffering severe or moderate trimethylaminuria. The aim of this study was to determine the allelic and genotypic distributions of these four FMO3 variants in 528 healthy individuals collected from the Sicilian and Sardinian populations together with haplotype and linkage analyses. Finally, we present data on the genotype-phenotype correlation by ESI-MS/MS TMA/TMAO urinary determination in 158KK/308EG individuals. Variant 158K shows the same frequency in Sicilian and Sardinian populations while variant 257M was not observed in the Sardinian sampling. No significant differences were found for 308G and 475D variants among two populations. Cis-linkage between 158K and 308G was confirmed with the compound variant (158K-308G) being found in a proportion of 0.9% and 0.3% of Sicilian subjects, and 0.01% and 0.5% in Sardinian population. Urinary determination of TMA/TMAO ratio in 158KK/308EG individuals showed a considerable reduction in FMO3 activity although they do not show the classical features of trimethylaminuria as a strong body odor and breath. Our data support the conclusion that trimethylaminuria is not always accompanied by a fish-like odor, despite the coexistence in the same individual of the two variants 158K and 308G, and other factors account for the expression of that phenotype."	1
"Title: MAP3K10 promotes the proliferation and decreases the sensitivity of pancreatic cancer cells to gemcitabine by upregulating Gli-1 and Gli-2. Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is among the most lethal human malignancies and is regulated by Sonic Hedgehog (Shh) signaling. Recently, MAP3K10 has been shown to regulate Shh signaling, suggesting a role for MAP3K10 in the tumorigenesis of PDAC. We determined the expression status of MAP3K10 in PDAC tissues and cell lines, and analyzed the viability and cell proliferation of PDAC cells with an overexpression or knockdown of MAP3K10 in vitro. MAP3K10 was upregulated in PDAC tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of MAP3K10 promoted the proliferation and decreased the gemcitabine sensitivity of pancreatic cancer cells. In contrast, knockdown of MAP3K10 significantly decreased cell proliferation and sensitized cells to gemcitabine. However, neither overexpression nor knockdown of MAP3K10 affected cell migration. Moreover, overexpression of MAP3K10 resulted in upregulation of Gli-1 and Gli-2 in PDAC cells. Our results indicate a novel and important role for MAP3K10 in the proliferation and chemoresistance of PDAC. Our study suggests that targeting MAP3K10 is a potential strategy for the development of alternative therapies for pancreatic cancers."	1
"Title: Re-expression of microRNA-375 reverses both tamoxifen resistance and accompanying EMT-like properties in breast cancer. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is an initiating event in tumor cell invasion and metastasis. It has been shown to occur in resistance to a range of cancer therapies, including tamoxifen. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been associated with EMT as well as resistance to standard therapies. To investigate the role of miRNAs in the development of resistance to tamoxifen as well as accompanying EMT-like properties, we established a tamoxifen-resistant (TamR) model by continually exposing MCF-7 breast cancer cells to tamoxifen. In addition to the molecular changes known to be involved in acquired tamoxifen resistance, TamR cells displayed mesenchymal features and had increased invasiveness. Genome-wide miRNA microarray analysis revealed that miRNA-375 was among the top downregulated miRNAs in resistant cells. Re-expression of miR-375 was sufficient to sensitize TamR cells to tamoxifen and partly reversed EMT. A combination of mRNA profiling, bioinformatics analysis and experimental validation identified metadherin (MTDH) as a direct target of miR-375. Knockdown of MTDH partially phenocopied the effects of miR-375 on the sensitivity to tamoxifen and the reversal of EMT. We observed an inverse correlation between the expression of miR-375 and its target MTDH in primary breast cancer samples, implying the pathological relevance of targeting. Finally, tamoxifen-treated patients with higher expression of MTDH had a shorter disease-free survival and higher risk of relapse. As most cancer-related deaths occur because of resistance to standard therapies and metastasis, re-expression of miR-375 or targeting MTDH might serve as potential therapeutic approaches for the treatment of TamR breast cancer."	1
"Title: The association of a nucleobindin 2 gene (NUCB2) variant with childhood adiposity. Abstract: Nucleobindin 2 (NUCB2) is a precursor of nesfatin-1, a hypothalamic anorectic neuropeptide. The association between variants of the NUCB2 gene and adiposity was examined. 142 severely obese Chinese children in Singapore, and 384 normal weight Chinese children from a longitudinal cohort from Da Qing, China, were studied. NUCB2 was screened using PCR and direct sequencing in 29 severely obese children and 24 non-obese children, then screened for a variant c.1012C>G (Q338E, or rs757081) in the rest of the cohort using TaqMan probe. Five variants, including c.1012C>G (Q338E) were found. Genotyping for c.1012C>G found that the GG genotype was significantly less frequent in the obese group; odds ratio for obese subjects carrying the CC and CG genotypes was 2.29 (95% CI 1.17-4.49) in the dominant model, CC genotype 2.86 (95% CI 1.41-5.81) in the additive model, and C allele 1.57 (95% CI 1.17-2.1). The findings were replicated in an independent cohort of 372 obese and 390 normal weight Chinese children, where the odds ratio of obese subjects with CC and CG genotypes was 1.69 (95% CI 1.12-2.55). Within the Da Qing cohort, subjects with the GG genotype had significantly lower BMI and percentage ideal weight for height (WFH) at 5 and 8years of age. Subjects with lower birth weights also had more pronounced difference in WFH and BMI at 5 and 10years of age between GG subjects versus CC/CG subjects. We postulate that GG genotype is protective against excessive weight gain, and factors which predispose to excessive weight gain such as higher birth weights may ameliorate the effect."	1
"Title: miR-21 confers cisplatin resistance in gastric cancer cells by regulating PTEN. Abstract: Resistance to chemotherapy is a major obstacle for the effective treatment of cancers. The mechanism of chemo-resistance is still poorly understood, however, mounting evidence supports a role for microRNAs (miRNAs) in modulating key cellular pathways mediating response to chemotherapy. microRNA-21 (miR-21) has been implicated in many cancers and contributed to chemo-resistance, but its role in gastric cancer drug resistance still remains unexplored. The aim of this study was to investigate whether miR-21 mediated resistance of the gastric cancer cell line SGC7901 to the chemotherapeutic agent cisplatin (DDP). Our study found that the expression of miR-21 upregulated in the cisplatin resistant cell line SGC7901/DDP compared to its parental line SGC7901. Moreover, over-expression of miR-21 significantly decreased antiproliferative effects and apoptosis induced by cisplatin, while knockdown of miR-21 dramatically increased antiproliferative effects and apoptosis induction by cisplatin. In addition, miR-21 induced cell survival and cisplatin resistance through downregulating the expression of phosphatase and tension homolog deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN) and activation of Akt pathway. Inhibition of Akt using PI3K inhibitor LY 294002 could abrogate miR-21 induced cell survival. These results suggest that miR-21 may provide a novel mechanism for understanding cisplatin resistance in gastric cancer by modulating PTEN/PI3K/Akt pathway."	1
"Title: Downregulation of KLF8 expression by shRNA induces inhibition of cell proliferation in CAL27 human oral cancer cells. Abstract: KLF8 is a member of KLF transcription factors which play an important tolr in oncogenesis. It is barely expressed in normal human epithelial cells but highly overexpressed in several types of human cancer cell lines. In the present study, we investigate the role of KLF8 in oral cancer and the effects of KLF8 knockdown via lentivirus mediated siRNA infection in human adenosquamos carcinoma CAL 27 cells. Study design: We developed a vector-based siRNA expression system that can induce RNAi in CAL 27 oral cancer cells. Downregulation of KLF8 was confirmed by evaluating GFP expressions, RT-PCR and western blot analysis. Finally, the effects of KLF8 downregulation were analyzed by MTT assay and colony formation assays. Results: The expression levels of KLF8 mRNA and proteins are reduced in CAL 27 cells that transfected with 21-nt siRNA against KLF8. Lentivirus-mediated silencing of KLF8 reduces cell proliferation and colonies number, thereby indicating the role of KLF8 in cell proliferation and tumorigenesis. Conclusions: These results strongly suggest that KLF8 is essential for growth of CAL 27 cancer cells. A better understanding of KLF8 function and processing may provide novel insights into the clinical therapy of oral cancer."	1
"Title: GSTM1, GSTT1, GSTP1, and GSTA1 genetic variants are not associated with coronary artery disease in Taiwan. Abstract: The genetic variants of xenobiotic-metabolizing enzymes, such as those encoded by glutathione-S-transferase (GST) genes, may be associated with the risk of coronary artery disease (CAD). To investigate the genetic factors for CAD, we examined the GSTM1, GSTT1, GSTP1, and GSTA1 genotypes in a CAD cohort in Taiwan. Methods: Our study included 458 CAD participants and 209 control participants who received coronary angiography to assess CAD. The severity of CAD was defined as the number of coronary vessels with 50% or greater stenosis. Sequence variation of the GSTM1 and GSTT1 genes was determined using a polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The GSTP1 (Ile105Val), and GSTA1 (-69C>T) genetic variants were identified using a combination of PCR and restriction fragment length polymorphism analysis. Logistic regression analysis was used to calculate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals. Results: Among the GST genetic variants examined, the GSTT1 null genotype was more prevalent in CAD participants with 3 stenosed vessels than in control participants (OR=1.64, P=.02). This association was no longer observed after adjusting for age, sex, smoking, alcohol use, diabetes mellitus, and serum levels of total cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (OR=1.28, P=.40). Both univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses found no significant associations between CAD and the other genetic variants, either separately or in combination. In addition, no effects of interactions between the genotypes and environmental factors, such as cigarette smoking, were significantly associated with the risk of CAD. Conclusion: The GST genetic variants examined were not associated with susceptibility to CAD in our Taiwanese cohort. This null association requires further confirmation with larger samples."	1
"Title: Two novel and functional DNA sequence variants within an upstream enhancer of the human NKX2-5 gene in ventricular septal defects. Abstract: Mortality in patients with congenital heart disease (CHD) is significantly increased even with successful surgeries. The main causes are late cardiac complications, such as heart failure and arrhythmia, probably due to genetic defects. To date, genetic causes for CHD remain largely unknown. NKX2-5 gene encodes a highly conserved homeobox transcription factor, which is essential to the heart development in embryos and cardiac function in adults. Mutations in NKX2-5 gene have been implicated in diverse types of CHD, including ventricular septal defect (VSD). As NKX2-5 is a dosage-sensitive regulator, we have speculated that changed NKX2-5 levels may mediate CHD development by influencing cardiac gene regulatory network. In previous studies, we have analyzed the NKX2-5 gene promoter and a proximal enhancer in VSD patients. In the present study, we further genetically and functionally analyzed an upstream enhancer of the NKX2-5 gene in large cohorts of VSD patients (n=340) and controls (n=347). Two novel heterozygous DNA sequence variants (DSVs), g.17483576C>G and g.17483564C>T, were identified in three VSD patients, but none in controls. Functionally, these two DSVs significantly decreased the activity of the enhancer (P<0.01). Another novel heterozygous DSV, g.17483557Ins, was found in both VSD patients and controls with similar frequencies (P>0.05). Taken together, our data suggested that the DSVs within the upstream enhancer of the NKX2-5 gene may contribute to a small number of VSD. Therefore, genetic studies of CHD may provide insight into designing novel therapies for adult CHD patients."	1
"Title: Regulation of fibrillin-1 gene expression by Sp1. Abstract: Mutations in the fibrillin-1 gene (FBN1) cause Marfan Syndrome (MFS), a hereditary disorder of connective tissue. The transcription of FBN1 has been reported to be driven by a short ultraconserved region (SUPR) in the 5' untranslated exon A of FBN1, but the nature of other factors involved in FBN1 gene regulation has not been clarified. In this study, we characterized the transcription factors involved in FBN1 gene regulation. The results show that Sp1 protein binds to two putative binding sites in the promoter of FBN1. Overexpression of Sp1 resulted in a significant increase in both promoter activity and FBN1 mRNA level in HEK 293 cells, whereas inhibition or knockdown of Sp1 decreased FBN1 gene expression. In addition, we found that Poly [ADP-ribose] polymerase 1 (PARP1) binds to the palindromic sequence TCTCGCGAGA in the ultraconserved region of the FBN1 promoter and that the regulation of FBN1 expression by PARP1 is dependent on Sp1. These results indicate that both Sp1 and PARP1 contribute to FBN1 gene expression. These observations add to our understanding of the transcriptional regulation of FBN1 gene expression."	1
"Title: Protective effect of the KIR2DS1 gene in atopic dermatitis. Abstract: Atopic dermatitis (AD) is a common skin disease of complex etiology including affected humoral and cellular immune responses. The role of NK cells in development of this disease has been recently postulated, but is still poorly documented. The current study was undertaken to determine the impact of genes for the most polymorphic NK cell receptors, known as killer cell immunoglobulin-like receptors (KIRs), on the development of AD. We compared 240 patients suffering from AD with 570 healthy controls. Frequencies of the great majority of KIR genes did not differ between patients and controls, except for KIR2DS1, whose frequency was significantly (OR=0.629, CI95% (0.45; 0.87), pcorr=0.0454) lower in patients than in controls. These results were confirmed in a second cohort of 201 patients. When both patient groups were combined and compared to the control group, the result for KIR2DS1 achieved even higher significance (OR=0.658, CI95% (0.5; 0.86), pcorr=0.0158). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on KIR gene contribution to AD, and to allergy in general."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) expression promotes growth, metastasis, and chemo- or radioresistance in non-small cell lung cancer cells by targeting PTEN. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression by binding to target sites and initiating translational repression and/or mRNA degradation. In our previous study, we have shown that expression of serum microRNA (miR)-21 is correlated with TNM stage and lymph node metastasis and might be an independent prognostic factor for NSCLC patients. However, the roles of miR-21 overexpression in NSCLC development are still unclear. The purpose of this study is to investigate the effect of miR-21 and determine whether miR-21 can be a therapeutic target for human NSCLC. Taqman real-time quantitative RT-PCR assay was performed to detect miR-21 expression in NSCLC cell lines and tissues. Next, the effects of miR-21 expression on NSCLC cell characteristics including growth, invasion, and chemo- or radioresistance were also determined. Results showed that miR-21 is commonly upregulated in NSCLC cell lines and tissues with important functional consequences. In addition, we found that anti-miR-21 could significantly inhibit growth, migration and invasion, and reverse chemo- or radioresistance of NSCLC cells, while miR-21 mimics could increase growth, promote migration and invasion, and enhance chemo- or radioresistance of NSCLC cells. Meanwhile, miR-21 mimics could inhibit expression of PTEN mRNA and protein and the luciferase activity of a PTEN 3'-untranslated region (UTR)-based reporter construct in A549 cells, while anti-miR-21 could increase expression of PTEN mRNA and protein and the luciferase activity of a PTEN 3'-UTR-based reporter construct in A549 cells. Furthermore, overexpression of PTEN could mimic the same effects of anti-miR-21 in NSCLC cells, and siRNA-mediated downregulation of PTEN could rescue the effects on NSCLC cells induced by anti-miR-21. Taken together, these results provide evidence to show the promotion role of miR-21 in NSCLC development through modulation of the PTEN signaling pathway."	1
"Title: High ADAM8 expression is associated with poor prognosis in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: In this study,we investigated the ADAM8 expression in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and its correlation with clinicopathologic features,including the survival of patients with HCC. Furthermore,we examined the biological processes regulated by ADAM8 during the development of using HepG2 cell line as a model system. We used immunohistochemistry to compare ADAM8 protein expression in HCC and normal liver tissues and further analyze the ADAM8 protein expression in clinicopathologically characterized 105 HCC cases.We stably knocked down the endogenous expression level of ADAM8 in HepG2 cells with specific shRNA-expressing lentiviral vector. Following the successful establishment of stable cells,we examined in vitro cell growth by MTT assay,anchorage-independent growth by soft-agar colony formation assay and cell migration/invasion by transwell and boyden chamber assay. And in addition,we also investigated the in vivo tumor growth by xenograft transplantation of HepG2 cells into nude mice. Protein expression level of ADAM8 was markedly higher in HCC tissues than that in the normal liver tissues (P = 0.0058).In addition,high expression of ADAM8 protein was positively correlated with serum AFP elevation,tumor size,histological differentiation,tumor recurrence,tumor metastasis,and tumor stage. Patients with higher ADAM8 expression showed a significantly shorter overall survival time than patients with low ADAM8 expression. Multivariate analysis suggested that ADAM8 expression might be an independent prognostic indicator (p = 0.016) for the survival of patients with HCC. ADAM8-specific shRNA (shADAM8) successfully knocked down its endogenous expression in HepG2 cells. Compared to the parental and control shRNA-transfected (shCtrl) HepG2 cells,the shADAM8 cells exhibited significantly reduced in vitro cell growth,anchorage-independent growth,cell migration and invasion (p < 0.05).In vivo,the xenograft transplants from shADAM8 cells gave rise to much smaller tumors as compared to those from shCtrl cells. High ADAM8 expression is associated with poor overall survival in patients with HCC. Down-regulation of ADAM8 inhibits the growth,anchorage-independent growth,migration and invasion of HepG2 cells. ADAM8 may be a potential target of antiangiogenic therapy for HCC."	1
"Title: Exome sequencing identifies RDH12 compound heterozygous mutations in a family with severe retinitis pigmentosa. Abstract: Retinitis pigmentosa (RP) is the most prevalent type of inherited retinal degeneration and one of the commonest causes of genetically determined visual dysfunction worldwide. To date, approximately 35 genes have been associated with nonsyndromic autosomal recessive RP (arRP), however the small contribution of each gene to the total prevalence of arRP and the lack of a clear genotype-phenotype correlation complicate the genetic analysis in affected patients. Next generation sequencing technologies are powerful and cost-effective methods for detecting causative mutations in both sporadic and familial RP cases. Methods: A Mexican family with 5 members affected from arRP was studied. All patients underwent a complete ophthalmologic examination. Molecular methods included genome-wide SNP homozygosity mapping, exome sequencing analysis, and Sanger-sequencing confirmation of causal mutations. Results: No regions of shared homozygosity among affected subjects were identified. Exome sequencing in a single patient allowed the detection of two missense mutations in the RDH12 gene: a c.446T>C transition predicting a novel p.L149P substitution, and a c.295C>A transversion predicting a previously reported p.L99I replacement. Sanger sequencing confirmed that all affected subjects carried both RDH12 mutations. Conclusions: This study adds to the molecular spectrum of RDH12-related retinopathy and offers an additional example of the power of exome sequencing in the diagnosis of recessively inherited retinal degenerations."	1
"Title: MTHFR C677T and A1298C gene polymorphisms and their relation to homocysteine level in Egyptian children with congenital heart diseases. Abstract: To investigate the association of combined MTHFR C677T and A1298C gene polymorphisms with congenital heart diseases (CHD) in Egyptian children and their mothers and to determine their effect on homocysteine level in these children. Material and methods: MTHFR C677T and A1298C polymorphisms were genotyped in 160 Egyptian children (80 patients with CHD and 80 healthy controls) and their mothers using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP), while, homocysteine (Hcy) level was measured optically by enzymatic method. Results: We found that MTHFR 677TT genotype, T allele, 1298CC genotype, and C allele were associated with 2.61, 2.0, 2.91 and 1.99 fold increased risk of CHD in Egyptian children respectively. Furthermore, the frequencies of MTHFR 1298AC and CC genotypes and C allele significantly increased in mothers with CHD affected children. The homocysteine levels were significantly increased in MTHFR 677TT and 1298CC genotypes in children with CHD. Conclusions: Our study demonstrated an association of MTHFR A1298C polymorphisms with CHD in Egyptian children and their mothers, while, MTHFR C677T polymorphisms were significantly associated with the risk of CHD in the children only. An association between combined MTHFR A1298C and C677T polymorphisms and CHD was recorded in the children and their mothers. Also, homocysteine levels were significantly increased with both MTHFR 677TT and 1298CC genotypes in Egyptian children with CHD."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated inhibition of USP39 suppresses the growth of breast cancer cells in vitro. Abstract: Worldwide, breast cancer is the most frequently diagnosed life-threatening cancer in women and is the leading cause of cancer-related mortality among women. It is extremely rare but highly lethal in men. The deubiquitinating enzyme USP39 plays important roles in mRNA processing, and our previous data showed that high levels of USP39 are selectively present in different types of human breast tumor cells. The potential of USP39 as a therapeutic target for breast cancer was investigated. The expression levels of USP39 protein in 23 breast cancer specimens were quantified using an immunohistochemical assay and were found to have high levels in human breast cancer tissues when compared to these levels in normal breast tissues. In the breast cancer cell line MCF-7, USP39 expression was knocked down by a lentiviral short hairpin RNA (shRNA) delivery system. The RNA interference (RNAi)-mediated downregulation of USP39 expression markedly reduced the proliferative and colony forming ability of MCF-7 cells. In addition, the inhibition of USP39 induced G0/G1-phase arrest and apoptosis of the cells. These results suggest that USP39 may act as an oncogenic factor in breast cancer and could be a potential molecular target for breast cancer gene therapy."	1
"Title: Analysis of miR-205 and miR-155 expression in the blood of breast cancer patients. Abstract: The purpose of this study was to identify and validate circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) in human plasma for use as breast cancer (BC) biomarkers and to analyze their relationship to clinicopathologic features and its preliminary biological function. Genome-wide expression profiling of miRNAs in BC was investigated by microarray analysis. miR-155 was up-regulated greater than two-fold in BC compared with Normal Adjacent Tissue (NAT), whereas let-7b, miR-381, miR-10b, miR-125a-5p, miR-335, miR-205 and miR-145 were down- regulated greater than two-fold. Our hypothesis was that circulating miRNAs are also present and differentially expressed in the serum of BC patients compared to controls. Using real-time PCR (RT-PCR), we analyzed miR-205 and miR-155 in archived serum from 30 participants, 20 with breast cancer and 10 healthy people. miR-205 was down-regulated in BC patient serum while miR-155 was up-regulated. Furthermore, we analyzed the relationship between the expression levels of these two miRNAs and the clinicopathologic parameters of BC patients. High expression of miR155 was associated with clinical stage, molecular type, Ki-67 and p53 in BC patients (P<0.05). By contrast, we found no significant correlation between miR-205 and BC patient clinicopathologic parameters. Functional analysis showed that ectopic expression of miR-205 significantly inhibits cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis. miR-205 was down-regulated and miR-155 was up-regulated in BC patient serum. miR-155 was positive correlated with clinical stage and ki-67 and negatively correlated with p53 status."	1
"Title: RNA interference with EAG1 enhances interferon gamma injury to glioma cells in vitro. Abstract: The aim of this study was to silence Ether à go-go 1 (EAG1) in glioma cells by RNAi in order to further analyze whether silencing this channel would improve injury caused by interferon gamma (IFN-?). Materials and methods: EAG1 silencing by the siRNAs EAG1hum_287 and EAG1hum_1727 (sequence targets 5'-GGCCTATTGTGTACAGCAATT-3' and 5'-GGGACTTCCTGAAGCTCTATT-3', respectively) was determined by reverse transcription real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). Cell viability was measured by the 3-(4,5)-dimethylthiazol-2-y1)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. U-138MG glioma cells were injured by IFN-? (25 ng/ml, 24 h) with or without the RNAi for EAG1 by a non-viral vector (pKV10.1-3, 0.2 ?g). Results: EAG1hum_287 and EAG1hum_1727 caused 0.46- and 0.52-fold decrease in EAG1 mRNA content, respectively. RNAi for EAG1 by pKv10.1-3 strengthened the reduction in cell viability caused by IFN-? (11.4% versus 40.4%, p<0.05). Conclusion: The present study reinforces the notion that EAG1 has a role in glioma biology, suggesting that this channel is a relevant player preserving the cell viability during IFN-? injury."	1
"Title: Downregulation of miR-153 contributes to epithelial-mesenchymal transition and tumor metastasis in human epithelial cancer. Abstract: The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a crucial step in epithelial cancer invasion and metastasis. The aims of this study were to investigate and validate unidentified micro RNAs (miRNAs) that regulate EMT and to reveal their clinical relevance in epithelial cancer patients. By applying miRNA array screening in a natural epithelial-mesenchymal phenotype cell line pair and in a transforming growth factor ?-induced EMT cell model, we found miR-153 was markedly downregulated in the cells that underwent an EMT. A close association was confirmed between inhibition of miR-153 and the EMT phenotype, as well as the invasive ability of epithelial cancer cells. Ectopic expression of miR-153 in mesenchymal-like cells resulted in an epithelial morphology change with decreased cellular invasive ability. On the contrary, transfection of a miR-153 inhibitor in epithelial-like cells led to a mesenchymal phenotype change. In vivo ectopic expression of miR-153 significantly inhibited tumor cell metastasis formation. Data from the dual-luciferase reporter gene assay showed, for the first time, that SNAI1 and ZEB2 were direct targets of miR-153. Inverse correlations were also observed between miR-153 and SNA1 and ZEB2 levels in oral cancer patients' samples. Furthermore, low expression level of miR-153 was found to be significantly related to metastasis and poor prognosis in oral cancer patients. These data demonstrate that miR-153 is a novel regulator of EMT by targeting SNAI1 and ZEB2 and indicate its potential therapeutic value for reducing cancer metastasis."	1
"Title: Epigenetic activation of the MiR-200 family contributes to H19-mediated metastasis suppression in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Although numerous long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been identified in mammals, many of their biological roles remain to be characterized. Early reports suggest that H19 contributes to carcinogenesis, including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Examination of the Oncomine resource showed that most HCC cases express H19 at a level that is comparable with the liver, with a tendency toward lower expression. This is consistent with our previous microarray data and indicates a more complicated role of H19 in HCC that needs to be characterized. In this study, the expression level of H19 was assessed in different regions of HCC patients' liver samples. Loss- and gain-of-function studies on this lncRNA in the HCC cell lines, SMMC7721 and HCCLM3, were used to characterize its effects on gene expression and to assess its effect on HCC metastasis both in vitro and in vivo. In this study, we show that H19 was underexpressed in intratumoral HCC tissues (T), as compared with peritumoral tissues (L). Additionally, low T/L ratio of H19 predicted poor prognosis. H19 suppressed HCC progression metastasis and the expression of markers of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Furthermore, H19 associated with the protein complex hnRNP U/PCAF/RNAPol II, activating miR-200 family by increasing histone acetylation. The results demonstrate that H19 can alter the miR-200 pathway, thus contributing to mesenchymal-to-epithelial transition and to the suppression of tumor metastasis. These data provide an explanation for the hitherto puzzling literature on the relationship between H19 and cancer, and could suggest the development of combination therapies that target H19 and the miR-200 family."	1
"Title: The serum miR-21 level serves as a predictor for the chemosensitivity of advanced pancreatic cancer, and miR-21 expression confers chemoresistance by targeting FasL. Abstract: miR-21 expression in cancer tissue has been reported to be associated with the clinical outcome and activity of gemcitabine in pancreatic cancer. However, resection is possible in only a minority of patients due to the advanced stages often present at the time of diagnosis, and safely obtaining sufficient quantities of pancreatic tumor tissue for molecular analysis is difficult at the unresectable stages. In this study, we investigated whether the serum level of miR-21 could be used as a predictor of chemosensitivity. We tested the levels of serum miR-21 in a cohort of 177 cases of advanced pancreatic cancer who received gemcitabine-based palliative chemotherapy. We found that a high level of miR-21 in the serum was significantly correlated with a shortened time-to-progression (TTP) and a lower overall survival (OS). The serum miR-21 level was an independent prognostic factor for both the TTP and the OS (HR 1.920; 95% CI, 1.274-2.903, p = 0.002 for TTP and HR 1.705; 95% CI, 1.147-2.535, p = 0.008 for OS). The results from a functional study showed that gemcitabine exposure down-regulated miR-21 expression and up-regulated FasL expression. The increased FasL expression following gemcitabine treatment induced cancer cell apoptosis, whereas the ectopic expression of miR-21 partially protected the cancer cells from gemcitabine-induced apoptosis. Additionally, we confirmed that FasL was a direct target of miR-21. Therefore, the serum level of miR-21 may serve as a predictor of chemosensitivity in advanced pancreatic cancer. Additionally, we identified a new mechanism of chemoresistance mediated by the effects of miR-21 on the FasL/Fas pathway."	1
"Title: Gain-of-function microRNA screens identify miR-193a regulating proliferation and apoptosis in epithelial ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a small class of non?coding RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression, and are considered as new therapeutic targets for treating cancer. In this study, we performed a gain-of-function screen using miRNA mimic library (319 miRNA species) to identify those affecting cell proliferation in human epithelial ovarian cancer cells (A2780). We discovered a number of miRNAs that increased or decreased the cell viability of A2780 cells. Pro-proliferative and anti-proliferative miRNAs include oncogenic miR-372 and miR-373, and tumor suppressive miR-124a, miR-7, miR-192 and miR-193a, respectively. We found that overexpression of miR-124a, miR-192, miR-193a and miR?193b inhibited BrdU incorporation in A2780 cells, indicating that these miRNAs affected the cell cycle. Overexpression of miR?193a and miR-193b induced an activation of caspase 3/7, and resulted in apoptotic cell death in A2780 cells. A genome?wide gene expression analysis with miR-193a-transfected A2780 cells led to identification of ARHGAP19, CCND1, ERBB4, KRAS and MCL1 as potential miR-193a targets. We demonstrated that miR-193a decreased the amount of MCL1 protein by binding 3'UTR of its mRNA. Our study suggests the potential of miRNA screens to discover miRNAs as therapeutic tools to treat ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Zinc finger X-chromosomal protein promotes growth and tumorigenesis in human osteosarcoma cells. Abstract: To investigate the role of Zinc finger X-chromosomal protein (ZFX) in oncogenesis of Osteosarcoma tumor. Methods: Here, we first conducted an expression analysis of ZFX in Osteosarcoma cell lines. Then, we constructed ZFX-specific small interfering RNA (siRNA)-lentiviral vector that is capable of effectively inhibiting the expression of ZFX gene in human Osteosarcoma Saos-2 cells, and investigated systemically the impacts of ZFX silence on the growth and invasive ability of the cancer cells in vitro. Furthermore, we determined the effects of ZFX knockdown on the cell cycle distribution and apoptosis of Saos-2 cells. Results: We found that ZFX inhibition resulted in significantly impaired proliferation and colony formation as well as mitigated invasiveness of Saos-2 cells. Importantly, si-ZFX infected cells exhibited a greater portion of cells at G1 phase, but a minor portion of S and G2/M phase cells. Moreover, a greater portion of sub-G1 apoptotic cells was observed in si-ZFX infected cells. Conclusions: These results strongly suggest that ZFX is a novel proliferation regulator that promotes growth of Osteosarcoma cells, and downregulation of ZFX expression induces growth suppression of Saos-2 cells via arrested G0/G1 phase cell cycle and apoptosis pathways, thereby indicating that ZFX may serve as a new molecular target for Osteosarcoma tumor therapy."	1
"Title: Berberine sensitizes ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin through miR-21/PDCD4 axis. Abstract: Recent studies have shown that microRNA-21 (miR-21) contributes to tumor resistance to chemotherapy. Interestingly, we have found that berberine could inhibit miR-21 expression in several cancer cell lines. In this study, we investigated whether berberine could modulate the sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin and explored the mechanism. The cisplatin-resistant SKOV3 cells that were incubated with berberine combined with cisplatin had a signi?cantly lower survival than the cisplatin alone group and enhanced cisplatin-induced apoptosis. Berberine could inhibit miR-21 expression and function in ovarian cancer, as shown by an enhancement of its target PDCD4, an important tumor suppressor in ovarian cancer. The results suggested that berberine could modulate the sensitivity of cisplatin via regulating miR-21/PDCD4 axis in the ovarian cancer cells."	1
"Title: Potassium channel ether à go-go1 is aberrantly expressed in human liposarcoma and promotes tumorigenesis. Abstract: The ether à go-go1 (Eag1) channel is overexpressed in a variety of cancers. However, the expression and function of Eag1 in liposarcoma are poorly understood. In the present study, the mRNA expression of Eag1 in different adipose tissue samples was examined by real-time PCR. Then, the protein expression of Eag1 in 131 different adipose tissues from 109 patients was detected by immunohistochemistry. Next, the associations between Eag1 expression and clinicopathological features of liposarcoma were analyzed. In addition, the effects of Eag1 on liposarcoma cell proliferation and cycle were evaluated by CCK-8, colony formation, xenograft mouse model, and flow cytometry, respectively. Finally, the activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) was detected by Western blot analysis to explain the detailed mechanisms of oncogenic potential of Eag1 in liposarcoma. It was found that Eag1 was aberrantly expressed in over 67% liposarcomas, with a higher frequency than in lipoma, hyperplasia, inflammation, and normal adipose tissues. However, Eag1 expression was not correlated with clinicopathological features of liposarcoma. Eag1 inhibitor imipramine or Eag1-shRNA significantly suppressed the proliferation of liposarcoma cells in vitro and in vivo, accompanying with accumulation of cells in the G1 phase. These results suggest that Eag1 plays an important role in regulating the proliferation and cell cycle of liposarcoma cells and might be a potential therapeutic target for liposarcoma."	1
"Title: Knockdown of ZFX suppresses renal carcinoma cell growth and induces apoptosis. Abstract: The ZFX (zinc finger protein, X-linked) gene located on the human X chromosome controls the self-renewal of embryonic and hematopoietic stem cells as a transcriptional regulator. Recently, studies have affirmed that ZFX is associated with several human cancers, including lymphoma, laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma, prostate cancer, and liver cancer, which suggests ZFX as a potential therapeutic target in cancer. However, the functional role of ZFX in human renal cancer remains unclear. Herein, we detected the expression of ZFX in 42 patients with renal cancer and found the expression of ZFX was specifically upregulated in cancer tissues at the mRNA and protein levels. Moreover, we employed lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to knock down ZFX expression in two human renal cell carcinoma cell lines, 786-0 and ACHN. Functional analysis indicated that ZFX silencing significantly inhibited renal cell carcinoma cell proliferation and cell cycle progression, probably because of suppression of CDK4 and cyclin D1, and induced apoptosis via activation of Bax, Caspase 3, and PUMA in a p53-dependent manner. Our findings suggest that knockdown of ZFX by shRNA may be a potential therapeutic approach for the treatment of renal cancer."	1
"Title: GSTM1 and GSTT1 gene polymorphisms as major risk factors for bronchopulmonary dysplasia in a Chinese Han population. Abstract: Bronchopulmonary dysphasia (BPD) is a complex multifactorial disease with an obvious genetic predisposition. Oxidative stress plays an important role in its pathogenesis. Glutathione S-transferases (GSTs) detoxify metabolites produced by oxidative stress within the cell and protect the cells against injury. In the present study, the hypothesis that polymorphisms in the GSTM1 and GSTT1 genes are associated with BPD in Chinese Han infants was examined. Sixty infants with BPD and 100 gestational age and birth weight-matched preterm infants without BPD were recruited. Genotyping for GSTM1 and GSTT1 was performed by multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR). The GSTM1 null genotype was more prevalent in BPD infants (65.0%) than in the control subjects (48.0%), which yielded higher risk towards BPD (odds ratio (OR): 2.012, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.040-3.892, p=0.037). There was no statistically significant association of GSTT1 genotype with BPD (OR: 1.691, 95% CI=0.884-3.236, p=0.111), although the frequency of GSTT1 null genotype was higher among the BPD subjects (60.0%) than in the control patients (47.0%). GSTM1 and GSTT1 double null genotype was also higher in BPD group (38.3%) than in controls (21.0%) with a higher risk towards BPD (OR: 2.338, 95%CI=1.151-4.751, p=0.017). The results suggest that null genotypes of GSTM1 and GSTT1 genes may contribute to the development of BPD in our Chinese Han population."	1
"Title: Cisplatin-induced epigenetic activation of miR-34a sensitizes bladder cancer cells to chemotherapy. Abstract: Accumulating evidence suggests a tumor suppressive role for miR-34a in human carcinogenesis. However, its precise biological role remains largely elusive. This study aimed to reveal the association of the miR-34a expression and its modulation of sensitivity to cisplatin in muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC). Methods: miR-34a expression in MIBC cell lines and patient tissues was investigated using qPCR. The methylation analysis of miR-34a promoter region was performed by MassARRAY. Synthetic short single or double stranded RNA oligonucleotides and lentiviral vector were used to regulate miR-34a expression in MIBC cells to investigate its function in vitro and in vivo. Results: miR-34a expression was frequently decreased in MIBC tissues and cell lines through promoter hypermethylation while it was epigenetically increased in MIBC cells following cisplatin treatment. Increased miR-34a expression significantly sensitized MIBC cells to cisplatin and inhibited the tumorigenicity and proliferation of cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. Furthermore, we identified CD44 as being targeted by miR-34a in MIBC cells following cisplatin treatment, and increased CD44 expression could efficiently reverse the effect of miR-34a on MIBC cell proliferation, colongenic potential and chemosensitivity. Conclusions: Cisplatin-based chemotherapy induced demethylation of miR-34a promoter and increased miR-34a expression, which in turn sensitized MIBC cells to cisplatin and decreased the tumorigenicity and proliferation of cancer cells that by reducing the production of CD44."	1
"Title: Genetic analysis of the TBX1 gene promoter in indirect inguinal hernia. Abstract: Inguinal hernia is a common disease, most cases of which are indirect inguinal hernia (IIH). Genetic factors play an important role for inguinal hernia. Increased incidences of inguinal hernia have been reported in patients with 22q11.2 microdeletion syndrome, which is mainly caused by TBX1 gene mutations. Thus, we hypothesized that altered TBX1 gene expression may contribute to IIH development. In this study, the human TBX1 gene promoter was genetically analyzed in children with IIH (n=100) and ethnic-matched controls (n=167). Functions of DNA sequence variants (DSVs) within the TBX1 gene promoter were examined in cultured human fibroblast cells. The results showed that two heterozygous DSVs were found, both of which were single nucleotide polymorphisms. One DSV, g.4248 C>T (rs41298629), was identified in a 2-year-old boy with right-sided IIH, but not in all controls, which significantly decreased TBX1 gene promoter activity. Another DSV, g.4199 C>T (rs41260844), was found in both IIH patients and controls with similar frequencies (P>0.05), which did not affect TBX1 gene promoter activity. Collectively, our data suggested that the DSV within the TBX1 gene promoter may change TBX1 level, contributing to IIH development as a rare risk factor. Underlying molecular mechanisms need to be established."	1
"Title: Interaction between Tbx1 and Hoxd10 and connection with TGF?-BMP signal pathway during kidney development. Abstract: Renal malformations are commonly found among patients carrying a 22q11 deletion which renders loss of Tbx1 gene, an important transcriptional factor implicated in a number of developmental processes. Smad1 is known to interact with Tbx1, but the exact mechanism remains unknown. In this study, we have measured the expression of Tbx1 in both murine and human tissues using RT-PCR, and analyzed its protein product and protein-protein interactions with Western blotting and immunoprecipitation assays. Precipitated proteins were verified with mass spectrometry. As discovered, Tbx1 binds with Hoxd10. Tbx1 and Hoxd10 genes also have similar expression profiles during murine kidney development. Based on homology between mouse and human, we hypothesized that such interaction also exists in human. Through a RNA interference experiment using a human embryonic kidney HEK293 cell line, we demonstrated that TBX1 can alter TGF-?/BMP, an important signaling pathway, through interacting with HOXD10. Above findings may shed light on the mechanism of TBX1 mutations leading to renal malformations found in patients carrying a 22q11 deletion."	1
"Title: Biotinidase deficiency: novel mutations in Algerian patients. Abstract: Biotinidase deficiency is an autosomal recessive disorder of biotin metabolism leading to varying degrees of neurologic and cutaneous symptoms when untreated. In the present study, we report the clinical features and the molecular investigation of biotinidase deficiency in four unrelated consanguineous Algerian families including five patients with profound biotinidase deficiency and one child characterized as partial biotinidase deficiency. Mutation analysis revealed three novel mutations, c.del631C and c.1557T>G within exon 4 and c.324-325insTA in exon 3. Since newborn screening is not available in Algeria, cascade screening in affected families would be very helpful to identify at risk individuals."	1
"Title: Silencing of Ether à go-go 1 by shRNA inhibits osteosarcoma growth and cell cycle progression. Abstract: Recently, a member of the voltage-dependent potassium channel (Kv) family, the Ether à go-go 1 (Eag1) channel was found to be necessary for cell proliferation, cycle progression and tumorigenesis. However, the therapeutic potential of the Eag1 channel in osteosarcoma remains elusive. In the present study, a recombinant adenovirus harboring shRNA against Eag1 was constructed to silence Eag1 expression in human osteosarcoma MG-63 cells. We observed that Eag1-shRNA inhibited the proliferation and colony formation of MG-63 cells due to the induction of G1 phase arrest. Moreover, in vivo experiments showed that Eag1-shRNA inhibited osteosarcoma growth in a xenograft nude mice model. In addition, selective inhibition of Eag1 significantly decreased the expression levels of cyclin D1 and E. Taken together, our data suggest that the Eag1 channel plays a crucial role in regulating the proliferation and cell cycle of osteosarcoma cells, and represents a new and effective therapeutic target for osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: Chronic constipation recognized as a sign of a SOX10 mutation in a patient with Waardenburg syndrome. Abstract: Waardenburg syndrome is characterized by hearing loss, pigmentation abnormalities, dysmorphologic features, and neurological phenotypes. Waardenburg syndrome consists of four distinct subtypes, and SOX10 mutations have been identified in type II and type IV. Type IV differs from type II owing to the presence of Hirschsprung disease. We identified a de novo nonsense mutation in SOX10 (p.G39X) in a female pediatric patient with Waardenburg syndrome with heterochromia iridis, profound bilateral sensorineural hearing loss, inner ear malformations, and overall hypopigmentation of the hair without dystopia canthorum. This patient has experienced chronic constipation since she was a neonate, but anorectal manometry showed a normal anorectal reflex. Chronic constipation in this patient was likely to be a consequence of a mild intestinal disorder owing to the SOX10 mutation, and this patient was considered to have a clinical phenotype intermediate between type II and type IV of the syndrome. Chronic constipation may be recognized as indicative of a SOX10 mutation in patients with Waardenburg syndrome."	1
"Title: Sp1 transcriptionally regulates BRK1 expression in non-small cell lung cancer cells. Abstract: Following a previous study reporting that BRK1 is upregulated in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), the present study sought to clarify the role of specificity protein 1 (Sp1) in the transcriptional regulation of the BRK1 gene. Therefore, a construct, named F8, consisting of the -1341 to -1 nt sequence upstream of the start codon of the BRK1 gene inserted into pGL4.26 was made. A series of truncated fragments was then constructed based on F8. Segment S831, which contained the -84 to -1 nt region, displayed the highest transcriptional activity in the A549, H1299 and H520 NSCLC cell lines. Bioinformatic analysis showed a potential Sp1-binding element at -73 to -64 nt, and a mutation in this region suppressed the transcriptional activity of S831. Then the RNAi assays of Sp1 and its coworkers Sp3 and Sp4 were performed, and suppression of Sp1 by siRNA inhibited the mRNA expression of BRK1. Both an electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA) and a chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay demonstrated that Sp1 bound to the promoter area of the BRK1 gene. Our data identified a functional and positive Sp1 regulatory element from -73 to -64 nt in the BRK1 promoter, which may likely explain the overexpression of BRK1 in NSCLC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-497 inhibition of ovarian cancer cell migration and invasion through targeting of SMAD specific E3 ubiquitin protein ligase 1. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the leading cause of death from gynecological malignancies worldwide. Understanding the molecular mechanism underlying ovarian cancer progression facilitates the development of promising strategy for ovarian cancer therapy. Previously, we observed frequent down-regulation of miR-497 expression in ovarian cancer tissues. In this study, we investigated the role of miR-497 in ovarian cancer metastasis. We found that endogenous miR-497 expression was down-regulated in the more aggressive ovarian cancer cell lines compared with the less aggressive cells. Exogenous expression of miR-497 suppressed ovarian cancer cell migration and invasion, whereas reduction of endogenous miR-497 expression induced tumor cell migration and invasion. Mechanistic investigations confirmed pro-metastatic factor SMURF1 as a direct target of miR-497 through which miR-497 ablated tumor cell migration and invasion. Further studies revealed that lower levels of miR-497 expression were associated with shorter overall survival as well as increased SMURF1 expression in ovarian cancer patients. Our results indicate that down-regulation of miR-497 in ovarian cancer may facilitate tumor metastasis. Restoration of miR-497 expression may be a promising strategy for ovarian cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Alteration in Mir-21/PTEN expression modulates gefitinib resistance in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Resistance to TKI treatment is a major obstacle in effective treatment of NSCLC. Besides EGFR mutation status, the mechanisms involved are largely unknown. Some evidence supports a role for microRNA 21 in modulating drug sensitivity of chemotherapy but its role in NSCLC TKI resistance still remains unexplored. This study aimed to investigate whether NSCLC miR-21 mediated resistance to TKIs also results from Pten targeting. Here, we show miR-21 promotes cancer by negatively regulating Pten expression in human NSCLC tissues: high miR-21 expression levels were associated with shorter DFS in 47 NSCLC patients; high miR-21/low Pten expression levels indicated a poor TKI clinical response and shorter overall survival in another 46 NSCLC patients undergoing TKI treatment. In vitro assays showed that miR-21 was up-regulated concomitantly to down-regulation of Pten in pc-9/GR cells in comparison with pc-9 cells. Moreover, over-expression of miR-21 significantly decreased gefitinib sensitivity by down-regulating Pten expression and activating Akt and ERK pathways in pc-9 cells, while miR-21 knockdown dramatically restored gefitinib sensitivity of pc-9/GR cells by up-regulation of Pten expression and inactivation of AKT and ERK pathways, in vivo and in vitro. We propose alteration of miR-21/Pten expression as a novel mechanism for TKI resistance in NSCLC cancer. Our findings provide a new basis for using miR 21/Pten-based therapeutic strategies to reverse gefitinib resistance in NSCLC."	1
"Title: The RNA expression signature of the HepG2 cell line as determined by the integrated analysis of miRNA and mRNA expression profiles. Abstract: Understanding miRNAs' regulatory networks and target genes could facilitate the development of therapies for human diseases such as cancer. Although much useful gene expression profiling data for tumor cell lines is available, microarray data for miRNAs and mRNAs in the human HepG2 cell line have only been compared with that of other cell lines separately. The relationship between miRNAs and mRNAs in integrated expression profiles for HepG2 cells is still unknown. To explore the miRNA-mRNA correlations in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells, we performed miRNA and mRNA expression profiling in HepG2 cells and normal liver HL-7702 cells at the genome scale using next-generation sequencing technology. We identified 193 miRNAs that are differentially expressed in these two cell lines. Of these, 89 miRNAs were down-regulated in HepG2 cells compared with HL-7702 cells, while 104 miRNAs were up-regulated. We also observed 3035 mRNAs that are significantly dys-regulated in HepG2 cells. We then performed an integrated analysis of the expression data for differentially expressed miRNAs and mRNAs and found several miRNA-mRNA pairs that are significantly correlated in HepG2 cells. Further analysis suggested that these differentially expressed genes were enriched in four tumorigenesis-related signaling pathways, namely, ErbB, JAK-STAT, mTOR, and WNT, which until now had not been fully reported. Our results could be helpful in understanding the mechanisms of HCC occurrence and development."	1
"Title: miR-143 and miR-145 synergistically regulate ERBB3 to suppress cell proliferation and invasion in breast cancer. Abstract: ERBB3, one of the four members of the ErbB family of receptor tyrosine kinases, plays an important role in breast cancer etiology and progression. In the present study, we aimed to identify novel miRNAs that can potentially target ERBB3 and their biological functions. Method: The expression levels of miR-143/145 and target mRNA were examined by relative quantification RT-PCR, and the expression levels of target protein were detected by Western blot. We used bioinformatic analyses to search for miRNAs that can potentially target ERBB3. Luciferase reporter plasmids were constructed to confirm direct targeting. Furthermore, the biological consequences of the targeting of ERBB3 by miR-143/145 were examined by cell proliferation and invasion assays in vitro and by the mouse xenograft tumor model in vivo. Results: We identified an inverse correlation between miR-143/145 levels and ERBB3 protein levels, but not between miR-143/145 levels and ERBB3 mRNA levels, in breast cancer tissue samples. We identified specific targeting sites for miR-143 and miR-145 (miR-143/145) in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of the ERBB3 gene and regulate ERBB3 expression. We demonstrated that the repression of ERBB3 by miR-143/145 suppressed the proliferation and invasion of breast cancer cells, and that miR-143/145 showed an anti-tumor effect by negatively regulating ERBB3 in the xenograft mouse model. Interestingly, miR-143 and miR-145 showed a cooperative repression of ERBB3 expression and cell proliferation and invasion in breast cancer cells, such that the effects of the two miRNAs were greater than with either miR-143 or miR-145 alone. Conclusion: Taken together, our findings provide the first clues regarding the role of the miR-143/145 cluster as a tumor suppressor in breast cancer through the inhibition of ERBB3 translation. These results also support the idea that different miRNAs in a cluster can synergistically repress a given target mRNA."	1
"Title: Stomatin-like protein 2 is associated with the clinicopathological features of human papillary thyroid cancer and is regulated by TGF-? in thyroid cancer cells. Abstract: Papillary thyroid cancer (PTC) accounts for 80-90% of all cases of thyroid malignancies. Stomatin-like protein 2 (SLP-2) is a novel member of the stomatin superfamily and is found in several types of human tumors. However, whether it is expressed in human PTC is unknown. In the present study, we aimed to explore the diagnostic value of SLP-2 in patients with PTC and to investigate whether SLP-2 expression is regulated by transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?), a cytokine which plays an important role in PTC tumorigenesis. A total of 107 patients consisting of 99 cases of classical and 8 cases of follicular variant PTC was examined. The expression of SLP-2 mRNA and protein was examined by immunohistochemistry (IHC) and qPCR, respectively. We found that SLP-2 was overexpressed in human PTC. The expression of SLP-2 was significantly associated with clinicopathological features of the PTC cases. Particularly, increased SLP-2 expression was mainly correlated with primary tumors >1 cm in size, with late stage tumors and with metastatic lymph nodes. The expression of SLP-2 was correlated with the expression of Ki-67, a cell proliferation marker, in PTC tissues as detected by IHC. SLP-2 was upregulated by TGF-?1 in PTC cells as evaluated by western blotting. The present data revealed for the first time that patients with PTC exhibited SLP-2 overexpression that was associated with clinicopathological features. The correlation between SLP-2 expression and proliferation marker Ki-67 may be characteristic of PTC and may reflect PTC progression. SLP-2 was upregulated by TGF-?1, indicating a possible role of SLP-2 in PTC tumorigenesis. Our data suggest that SLP-2 may be considered as a useful diagnostic marker and therapeutic target for PTC."	1
"Title: Activation of the JAK-STAT3 pathway is associated with the growth of colorectal carcinoma cells. Abstract: Excessive activation of inflammatory signaling pathways facilitates colorectal carcinoma (CRC) malignancy. Continuous activation of the Janus kinase (JAK)/signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) pathway plays a central role in the development and progression of CRC. With the intent to explore whether attenuation of the JAK-STAT3 signaling axis inhibits cancer cell proliferation or induces apoptosis, a sophisticated oncolytic adenoviral vector, AdCN305, carrying the SOCS3 gene was used to treat CRC cells. Our data revealed that i) in CRC cells, STAT3 was continuously activated by phosphorylation, and SOCS3 was at a relative low expression level; and ii) AdCN305-cppSOCS3 inhibited the continuous activation of the JAK/STAT3 pathway, suppressed CRC cell growth and induced apoptosis, in vitro and in vivo. We proved that SOCS3, a negative regulator of the JAK-STAT3 pathway, efficiently inhibited the activation of the pathway and decreased levels of downstream factors which regulate cell proliferation and the cell cycle."	1
"Title: Catechin-7-O-xyloside induces apoptosis via endoplasmic reticulum stress and mitochondrial dysfunction in human non-small cell lung carcinoma H1299 cells. Abstract: The medicinal plant Ulmus davidiana var. japonica has significant potential as a cancer chemoprevention agent. Catechin-7-O-xyloside (C7Ox) was purified from ultrafine U. davidiana var. japonica ethanol extract. In the present study, we investigated the apoptotic effect of C7Ox in the non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell line H1299. C7Ox treatment induced cell death and decreased plasma membrane integrity, an event typical of apoptosis. C7Ox-induced apoptosis was associated with the proteolytic activation of caspase-6, cleavage of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) and loss of mitochondrial membrane potential. C7Ox also induced the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress-regulated pro-apoptotic transcription factor CHOP. The suppression of CHOP expression significantly decreased C7Ox-induced cell death, LDH leakage and caspase-6 activation. Antitumor effects, evaluated based on protracted tumor regression, were observed when nude-mice bearing H1299 xenografts were treated with C7Ox. C7Ox-induced tumor regression was accompanied by enhanced expression of CHOP mRNA. Our data suggest that C7Ox can trigger mitochondrial-mediated apoptosis, and that ER stress is critical for C7Ox-induced apoptosis in H1299 NSCLC cells."	1
"Title: Sanguinarine inhibits invasiveness and the MMP-9 and COX-2 expression in TPA-induced breast cancer cells by inducing HO-1 expression. Abstract: Most complications of breast cancer are attributed to metastasis to distant organs, including lymph nodes, bone, lung and liver. Metastasis is considered the leading cause of mortality in patients with breast cancer. The emergence of anti-metastatic properties in breast cancer is an important clinical phenomenon affecting long-term survival. In the present study, we investigated the anti-invasive mechanism of sanguinarine by focusing on its role in inducing HO-1 in breast cancer cells. The results showed that sanguinarine inhibited TPA-induced MMP-9 and COX-2 mRNA and protein expression in a dose-dependent manner at non-cytotoxic concentrations. Similarly, the MMP-9 enzymatic activity and the PGE2 levels significantly decreased in MCF-7 breast cancer cells. TIMP-1 and TIMP-2, specific endogenous inhibitors of MMP-9, were slightly induced by sanguinarine. Subsequent studies revealed that sanguinarine suppressed TPA-induced NF-?B and AP-1 activation, as well as the phosphorylation of Akt and ERK. Furthermore, sanguinarine significantly inhibited TPA-induced invasion and migration in breast cancer cells. We also demonstrated that sanguinarine induced HO-1 expression, and that the inhibition of MMP-9 and COX-2 expression and the enzymatic activity of sanguinarine were abrogated by siRNA-mediated knockdown of HO-1 expression. Thus, knockdown of endogenous HO-1 decreased TPA-induced cell invasion. Overall, the results of the present study demonstrate that HO-1 plays a pivotal role in the anti-invasive response of sanguinarine in TPA-stimulated breast cancer cells."	1
"Title: Evaluation of the expression of stem cell markers in human breast cancer reveals a correlation with clinical progression and metastatic disease in ductal carcinoma. Abstract: The tumor stem cell theory could explain how patients with metastatic disease show clinical relapse several months after starting treatment due to the survival of a small group of cells with unique characteristics. We examined the distribution and expression of a panel of stem cell markers in human breast cancer primary tumors. Human breast tissues were processed for immunohistochemistry, and RNA was extracted for analysis by quantitative-PCR. Immunohistochemical assay revealed that CD44 was strongly expressed in background endothelia and epithelia. CD133 expression was lost in tumor-associated endothelial cells. Conversely, CD49b was strongly stained in the tumors, associated vessels and ducts but was weakly stained in the background epithelia. q-PCR analysis revealed that CD44 and PSCA were reduced in patients with poor outcome (metastatic disease and death from breast cancer), with a marked reduction in ductal carcinoma, particularly with metastasis to bone although these did not reach significant difference. CD133 was significantly reduced in patients with metastatic disease and was also significantly reduced in patients with ductal carcinoma/bone metastasis. Conversely, CD49F was increased in patients with a poor outcome and those with ductal cancer and bone metastases. This is the first study to determine the distribution and expression pattern of these stem cell markers in human breast cancer. There was a significant association between loss of expression and metastatic disease in patients with breast cancer. Such differential expression may play a part in breast cancer disease progression, and suggests that the current stem cell theory may not hold true for all cancer types."	1
"Title: Death associated protein 1 is correlated with the clinical outcome of patients with colorectal cancer and has a role in the regulation of cell death. Abstract: Death-associated protein 1 (DAP1) is a member of the DAP family and has been implicated in the regulation of cell growth and death including that of cancer cells. However, the roles of DAP1 in clinical cancer and in the regulation of colorectal cancer cells are largely unknown. The present study investigated the expression profile of DAP1 in human colorectal cancer and the impact of DAP1 on apoptosis and the cellular response to 5-FU. Human colorectal cancer specimens (n=94) and human colorectal cancer cell lines HRT18 and HT115 were used. DAP1 transcript and protein were evaluated using quantitative transcript analysis and immunohistochemistry. DAP1-knockdown cells were generated using anti-DAP1 transgene. The results revealed that human colorectal cancer tissues had lower levels of DAP1 when compared with the normal tissues. The reduced levels were associated with higher Dukes' stage and lymph node metastasis. Patients with low DAP1 expression had a markedly reduced survival. Loss of DAP1 in colorectal cancer cells resulted in a gain in cellular migration and loss of their sensitivity of apoptosis to chemotherapeutic agent, 5-FU. DAP1 was found to be correlated with disease progression and long-term survival of the colorectal patients. DAP1 is also a pivotal regulator of the growth and apoptosis and cellular response to chemotherapy agents."	1
"Title: Knockdown of galectin-1 suppresses the growth and invasion of osteosarcoma cells through inhibition of the MAPK/ERK pathway. Abstract: Galectin-1 (GAL1), a widely expressed ??galacto-side-binding protein, exerts pleiotropic biological functions. GAL1 has been found to be upregulated in many malignancies; yet the role of GAL1 in the pathophysiology of human osteosarcoma (OS) remains uncertain. The present study was carried out to investigate the expression of GAL1 in human OS tissues and to explore its effects on the growth and invasion of OS cells. OS and corresponding adjacent non-cancerous tissues (ANCT) were collected from 30 consecutive cases. The expression of GAL1 was detected by immunohistochemical assay through tissue microarray procedure. Using small hairpin RNA (shRNA)-mediated GAL1 knockdown (Lv-shGAL1) in OS (MG-63 and U-2 OS) cells, we observed the changes in the malignant phenotype in OS cells in vitro and in vivo. As a consequence, the positive expression of GAL1 was significantly higher in OS tissues than that in the ANCT (63.3 vs. 36.7%, P=0.029), and was positively correlated with distant metastasis in the OS patients (P=0.022). Knockdown of GAL1 suppressed cell proliferative activities and invasive potential and induced apoptosis in OS cells with decreased expression of p38MAPK, p-ERK, Ki-67 and matrix metallopeptidase-9 (MMP-9) and increased expression of caspase-3. In addition, the tumor volume in the MG-63 subcutaneous tumor models treated with Lv-shGAL1 was significantly smaller than that in the negative control (NC) group (P<0.01). Altogether, our findings indicate that high expression of GAL1 is associated with distant metastasis of OS patients, and knockdown of GAL1 inhibits growth and invasion of OS cells possibly through inhibition of the MAPK/ERK pathway, suggesting that GAL1 may represent a potential target for the treatment of cancer."	1
"Title: RASSF5 inhibits growth and invasion and induces apoptosis in osteosarcoma cells through activation of MST1/LATS1 signaling. Abstract: Ras association (RalGDS/AF-6) domain family member RASSF5 has been implicated in a variety of key biological processes, including cell proliferation, cell cycle regulation and apoptosis. It is believed to play an important role in tumorigenesis as a tumor suppressor in a number of malignancies. Yet, little is known concerning the function and underlying mechanisms of RASSF5 in human osteosarcoma (OS). The expression of RASSF5 was examined by immunohistochemical assay using a tissue microarray in 45 cases of OS tissues. A gain-of-function approach was used to observe the effects of lentiviral vector-mediated overexpression of RASSF5 (Lv-RASSF5) on cell growth, invasion and apoptosis, respectively, as indicated by MTT, Transwell and flow cytometry assays, and the expression levels of mammalian sterile 20-like (MST1) kinase, large tumor suppressor 1 (LATS1), proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), matrix metallopeptidase-9 (MMP-9) and p53 were detected by real-time PCR and western blot assays in OS cells (MG-63 and U-2 OS). The results indicated that the expression of RASSF5 protein was significantly downregulated in OS tissues compared to that in adjacent non-cancerous tissues (ANCT) (40.0 vs. 73.3%, P=0.002), and had a negative correlation with distant metastasis of the tumor (P=0.01). Overexpression of RASSF5 markedly suppressed cell proliferation and invasion, and induced cell apoptosis in the OS cell lines with increased expression of MST1, LATS1 and p53 and decreased expression of PCNA and MMP-9. Taken together, our findings demonstrate that RASSF5 expression is negatively correlated with distant metastasis of OS, and RASSF5 may function as a tumor suppressor in OS cells through activation of the MST1/LATS1 pathway."	1
"Title: Bradykinin stimulates IL-6 production and cell invasion in colorectal cancer cells. Abstract: Bradykinin (BK) has been reported to be involved in the progression of many types of cancer. In the present study, we investigated a possible role of BK in colorectal cancer cell invasion and migration. Invasion and migration assays showed that BK treatment promoted the invasion and migration of colorectal cancer cells. Further experiments showed that BK treatment stimulated ERK1/2 activation and IL-6 production. Two bradykinin receptors, bradykinin B1 receptor (B1R) and bradykinin B2 receptor (B2R), were significantly expressed in all the tested colorectal cancer cells. Repression of B2R, but not B1R, attenuated the BK-mediated invasion and migration, and inhibited ERK1/2 activation and IL-6 production. Moreover, blocking of the ERK pathway decreased the BK-mediated IL-6 production. In addition, IL-6 repression suppressed the effects of BK on colorectal cancer cell invasion and migration. Taken together, the present study demonstrated that BK increases IL-6 production via B2R and the ERK pathway, thereby contributing to the invasion and migration of colorectal cancer cells. Thus, our findings may provide benefits for the treatment of colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: YAP is overexpressed in clear cell renal cell carcinoma and its knockdown reduces cell proliferation and induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Abstract: Yes-associated protein (YAP) has been reported to be an oncogene in a number of malignancies. It constitutes an important regulatory mechanism for the Hippo pathway, a key regulator of cell growth and apoptosis. The present study aimed to investigate the clinical significance and the role of YAP in the development of clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). YAP expression levels were compared between ccRCC and adjacent normal renal tissues by RT-PCR and immunohistochemistry, respectively. YAP expression levels were then detected in ccRCC cell lines 786-0 and ACHN, as well as in human embryonic kidney 293 cells (HEK-293) using western blotting. Three specific YAP-shRNA lentiviral vectors were constructed and transfected into 786-0 cells, and then the mRNA and protein levels of YAP and downstream transcription factor TEAD1 were detected. Finally, the effects of YAP silencing on proliferation and the cell cycle distribution of 786-0 cells were detected by Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) and flow cytometry (FCM), respectively. The apoptosis rate was also analyzed by FCM. It was observed that the expression levels of YAP mRNA and protein in ccRCC tissues were higher than these levels in the adjacent normal renal tissues. The expression of YAP protein in ccRCC tissues was significantly correlated with clinical stage and differentiation. The YAP protein levels in the two ccRCC cell lines 786-0 and ACHN were significantly higher than that in the HEK-293 cells. Additionally, treatment of 786-0 cells with YAP-shRNA lentiviral vectors significantly reduced the expression levels of YAP and TEAD1 mRNA and protein. Further analyses in 786-0 cells in which YAP was decreased, revealed that cell proliferation was inhibited, cell cycle was arrested at the G1 phase and apoptosis was increased. These results indicate that YAP is an underlying oncogene in ccRCC and it may be a promising biomarker and therapeutic target of ccRCC."	1
"Title: Suppression of PMA-induced tumor cell invasion and migration by ginsenoside Rg1 via the inhibition of NF-?B-dependent MMP-9 expression. Abstract: Ginseng has become one of the most commonly used alternative herbal medicines, and its active component, ginsenoside Rg1 has known pharmacological effects, including anticancer properties. However, the effects of ginsenoside Rg1 on metastasis have yet to be investigated. In this study, we demonstrated the ability of ginsenoside Rg1 to suppress phorbol myristate acetate (PMA)-induced invasion and migration in MCF-7 breast cancer cells. MCF-7 cells were treated with ginsenoside Rg1 and incubated with or without PMA. The protein and mRNA expression of MMP-9 and MMP-2 was analyzed using Transwell and wound?healing assays and western blotting. The results showed that suppression was associated with the reduced secretion of MMP-9, a key metastatic enzyme. MMP-9 levels were regulated transcriptionally and correlated with the suppression of NF-?B phosphorylation and DNA binding activity. Conversely, ginsenoside Rg1 did not affect MMP-2 mRNA and TIMP-1 mRNA levels, or the activation of AP-1, suggesting a specificity of pathway inhibition. Inhibition of NF??B activation by p65 small?interfering RNA (siRNA) was shown to suppress PMA-induced cell invasion and migration. The siRNA studies also showed that PMA-induced MMP-9 expression is NF-?B-dependent. The results suggested that the anticancer properties of ginsenoside Rg1 may derive from its ability to inhibit invasion and migration, and that these processes are regulated in breast cancer cells through the NF-?B?mediated regulation of MMP-9 expression."	1
"Title: Upregulation of GRIM-19 suppresses the growth of oral squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Constitutive activation of the signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) and its upregulation contribute to the progression and metastasis of several different tumor types. The gene associated with retinoid?interferon?induced mortality-19 (GRIM-19) is known to functionally interact with STAT3 and inhibit its transcriptional activity. It has been reported that upregulation of genes associated with GRIM-19 can significantly reduce the tumor growth of several types of tumors. However, little is known in regards to its role in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC). In the present study, a recombinant eukaryotic expression plasmid carrying GRIM-19 was constructed to evaluate its effects on OSCC cancer growth. Upregulation of GRIM-19 in OSCC cells significantly inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and suppressed tumor growth in vivo. Moreover, we found that upregulation of GRIM-19 reduced cyclin D1, Bcl-2, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) expression whose protein is involved in STAT3 activation. Taken together, these findings suggest that GRIM-19 plays an inhibitory role in the progression of OSCC, and contribute to the future development of STAT3-based gene therapeutic approaches for OSCC."	1
"Title: Downregulation of STAT3 and activation of MAPK are involved in the induction of apoptosis by HNK in glioblastoma cell line U87. Abstract: Honokiol [3,5-di-(2-propenyl)-1,1-biphenyl-2,2-diol; HNK], a natural bioactive molecular compound isolated from the Magnolia officinalis, exhibits potent antitumor activity against a variety of human cancer cell lines. However, few studies have reported the antineoplastic effects of HNK on glioblastoma cells. It remains unknown how apoptosis is induced by HNK in glioblastoma cells and through which associated pathway this compound acts. The present study confirmed that HNK inhibited proliferation of glioblastoma cells by inducing a slight G0/G1 phase cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. We demonstrated for the first time that HNK triggered apoptosis of glioblastoma cells through both caspase-independent and caspase-dependent pathways, the latter including the extrinsic pathway and intrinsic pathway. Moreover, the inhibition of STAT3 signaling, ERK1/2 as well as activation of the p38 MAPK signaling pathway may be involved in apoptosis induced by HNK in U87 cells. Our findings suggest that HNK treatment could be a promising therapeutic strategy in human glioblastoma."	1
"Title: The role of APOBEC3B in chondrosarcoma. Abstract: Chondrosarcomas rank as the third most common type of bone tumors. In the present study, we demonstrated that expression of the apolipoprotein B mRNA-editing enzyme, catalytic polypeptide-like 3B (APOBEC3B) was higher in cancer tissues when compared to that in normal tissues. In order to further investigate the effects of APOBEC3B expression, we knocked down APOBEC3B expression in chondrosarcoma cells. We found that the percentage of apoptotic cells was higher in the APOBEC3B-knockdown cells than the percentage in the untransfected cells. Furthermore, we found that the reduced antitumor activity of RUNX3 was caused by APOBEC3B. Finally, we demonstrated that caspase-3, -8 and -9 activity was significantly increased in the RUNX3-expressing cells with APOBEC3B knockdown. In summary, our results indicate that APOBEC3B knockdown may be a useful therapy to enhance apoptosis in chondrosarcoma."	1
"Title: Diallyl disulfide selectively causes checkpoint kinase-1 mediated G2/M arrest in human MGC803 gastric cancer cell line. Abstract: Previous studies have shown that diallyl disulfide (DADS), a naturally occurring anticancer agent in garlic, arrested human gastric cancer cells (MGC803) in the G2/M phase of the cell cycle. Due to the importance of cell cycle redistribution in DADS-mediated anticarcinogenic effects, we investigated the role of checkpoint kinases (Chk1 and Chk2) during DADS-induced cell cycle arrest. In the present study, the northern blot analysis showed that mRNA expression of for Chkl and Chk2 was unchanged. Notably, DADS induced the accumulation of phosphorylated Chk1, but not of Chk2, activated phospho-ATR (ATM-RAD3-related gene), and dowregulated CDC25C and cyclin B1 expression. Furthermore, CDC25C was immunoprecipitated by anti-Chk1 but not anti-Chk2. Results of the overexpression and knockdown studies, showed that Chk1 but not Chk2 regulated the DADS-induced G2/M arrest of MGC803 cells. The overexpression of Chk1 resulted in significantly increased DADS-induced G2/M arrest, increased DADS-induced Chk1 phosphorylation and inhibited CDC25C expression. Knockdown of Chk1 reduced DADS?induced G2/M arrest and blocked the DADS-induced inhibition of CDC25C and cyclin B1 expression. These results suggested that Chk1 is important in DADS?induced cell cycle G2/M arrest in the human MGC803 gastric cancer cell line. Furthermore, the DADS-induced G2/M checkpoint response is mediated by Chk1 signaling through ATR/Chk1/CDC25C/cyclin B1."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-497 suppresses angiogenesis by targeting vascular endothelial growth factor A through the PI3K/AKT and MAPK/ERK pathways in ovarian cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been shown to play an important role in diverse biological processes and cancer progression. The objective of the present study was to investigate the role of miR-497 in ovarian cancer angiogenesis. We found that miR-497 expression was downregulated in human ovarian cancer tissues, and the low miR-497 expression was significantly associated with increased angiogenesis. Functionally, exogenous expression of miR-497 suppressed the ability of ovarian cancer cells to promote capillary tube formation of endothelial cells. We further disclosed that miR-497 exerted its function of anti-angiogenesis by suppressing VEGFA expression in ovarian cancer cells and, in turn, impairing the VEGFR2-mediated PI3K/AKT and MAPK/ERK pathways. Our findings suggest that downregulation of miR-497 may contribute to angiogenesis in ovarian cancer. miR-497 may be a promising candidate target for prevention and treatment of ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Chitooligosaccharides inhibit ethanol-induced oxidative stress via activation of Nrf2 and reduction of MAPK phosphorylation. Abstract: Chitooligosaccharides (COS) are hydrolyzed products of chitosan and have been proven to exhibit various biological functions. The aims of this study were to investigate the mechanisms underlying the hepatoprotective effects of COS against ethanol-induced oxidative stress in vitro. Human L02 normal liver cells were pretreated with COS (0.25, 0.5 and 1.0 mg/ml) and then hepatotoxicity was stimulated by the addition of ethanol (80 mM). Pretreatment with COS protected L02 cells from ethanol-induced cell cytotoxicity through inhibition of reactive oxygen species generation. Furthermore, ethanol-induced lipid peroxidation and glutathione depletion was inhibited by COS. The antioxidant potential of COS was correlated with the induction of antioxidant genes including HO-1, NQO1 and SOD via the transcriptional activation of nuclear factor erythroid-2?related factor-2 (Nrf2). Additionally, the protective effects of COS against ethanol were blocked by Nrf2 knockdown. Moreover, signal transduction studies showed that COS was able to suppress the ethanol-induced phosphorylation of p38 MAPK, JNK and ERK. In conclusion, the COS-mediated activation of Nrf2 and reduction of MAPK phosphorylation may be important for its hepatoprotective action."	1
"Title: Nuclear ING2 expression is reduced in osteosarcoma. Abstract: Osteosarcoma is a high-grade malignant bone tumor. Loss of inhibitor of growth 2 (ING2) expression has been demonstrated in numerous types of cancers. However, no study has shown the relationship between ING2 expression and osteosarcoma. In the present study, we confirmed that the levels of ING2 mRNA and protein were lower in cancer tissues than these levels in normal tissues. Loss of nuclear ING2 protein was significantly associated with a decreased survival time of patients. Osteosarcoma cells were transfected with ING2 protein without a nuclear localization signal or intact ING2 protein to examine the effects of exogenous expression of ING2 in vitro. Compared to the control cells, intact ING2-expressing cells exhibited increased apoptosis, G1 phase arrest and senescence. Taken together, these results suggest that ING2 acts as a tumor suppressor in osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: Upregulation of Limk1 caused by microRNA-138 loss aggravates the metastasis of ovarian cancer by activation of Limk1/cofilin signaling. Abstract: LIM kinase 1 (Limk1) is associated with cell prolife-ration and metastasis and its dysregulated expression has been observed in many types of cancer. The present study aimed to examine the role of Limk1 in the development of ovarian cancer, as well as the underlying molecular mechanism involved. The results showed that increased Limk1 and decreased miR-138 expression co-existed in ovarian cancer. Furthermore, knockout of Limk1 or the overexpression of miR-138 resulted in reduced cell invasion and migration, while silencing of miR-138 led to enhancement of the invasion and migration of ovarian cancer cells. Cell growth was inhibited by the overexpression of miR-138, although not by the knockout of Limk1. miR-138 directly targeted Limk1 and inhibited ovarian cancer cell growth by PCNA and Bcl-2. Moreover, Limk1/cofilin/p-cofilin is likely a critical signaling pathway involving in miR-138 modulation of ovarian cancer cell metastasis. The results provide evidence supporting miR-138/Limk1 as a novel diagnostic or therapeutic target for ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: PEG10 plays a crucial role in human lung cancer proliferation, progression, prognosis and metastasis. Abstract: Paternally expressed gene 10 (PEG10) has been identified as a genetic imprinted gene, which is important for apoptosis resistance in cancer cells. Mounting evidence suggests that PEG10 is expressed in the majority of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells with growth-promoting activity. In the present study, we evaluated the correlation between PEG10 expression and the clinicopathological features of lung, breast and HCC tumors, and predicted the relationship between survival and expression levels of PEG10 in lung cancer patients. Furthermore, we chose non-small cell lung cancer cell line A549 as a model to analyze the function of PEG10 in proliferation and metastasis in vitro. Our results revealed that expression of PEG10 was closely correlated with clinical TNM grade and patient prognosis in lung cancer. PEG10 enhanced cell proliferation and promoted tumor cell migration and invasion by upregulating the expression of ?-catenin, MMP-2 and MMP-9, and decreased the expression of E-cadherin in the A549 cells. Our findings provide significant insight into the molecular mechanisms of lung cancer and offer novel ideas for designing new therapeutic targets for lung carcinoma."	1
"Title: Down-regulation of GPR137 expression inhibits proliferation of colon cancer cells. Abstract: G protein-coupled receptors (GPRs) are highly related to oncogenesis and cancer metastasis. G protein-coupled receptor 137 (GPR137) was initially reported as a novel orphan GPR about 10 years ago. Some orphan GPRs have been implicated in human cancers. The aim of this study is to investigate the role of GPR137 in human colon cancer. Expression levels of GRP137 were analyzed in different colon cancer cell lines by quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis. Lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA was specifically designed to knock down GPR137 expression in colon cancer cells. Cell viability was measured by methylthiazoletetrazolium and colony formation assays. In addition, cell cycle characteristic was investigated by flow cytometry. GRP137 expression was observed in all seven colon cancer cell lines at different levels. The mRNA and protein levels of GPR137 were down-regulated in both HCT116 and RKO cells after lentivirus infection. Lentivirus-mediated silencing of GPR137 reduced the proliferation rate and colonies numbers. Knockdown of GPR137 in both cell lines led to cell cycle arrest in the G0/G1 phase. These results indicated that GPR137 plays an important role in colon cancer cell proliferation. A better understanding of GPR137's effects on signal transduction pathways in colon cancer cells may provide insights into the novel gene therapy of colon cancer."	1
"Title: p53 directly regulates the transcription of the human frataxin gene and its lack of regulation in tumor cells decreases the utilization of mitochondrial iron. Abstract: Mitochondrial frataxin functions in iron homeostasis, biogenesis of iron-sulfur clusters, protection from oxidative stress and apoptosis, and as a tumor suppressor protein. We examined regulation of the expression of the human frataxin by p53. Pifithrin-?, an inhibitor of p53 function, and knockdown of p53 decreased the level of frataxin mRNA in human kidney HEK 293T cells. The transcriptional activity of the human frataxin gene is enhanced by the proximal promoter containing the p53-responsive element (p53RE) on the gene. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay and electrophoretic mobility shift assay confirmed the binding of p53 to the human frataxin p53RE. The expression of wild-type p53 in human cancer HeLa cells increased the reporter activity carrying p53RE at the region of -209 to -200bp of the frataxin promoter. Finally, when the HeLa cells overexpressing frataxin were treated with 5-aminolevulinic acid (ALA), there was less accumulation of protoporphyrin than HeLa control cells, and it was sharply decreased by the addition of iron citrate, suggesting that the utilization of mitochondrial iron for heme biosynthesis can be dependent on the level of frataxin. Alternatively, the low expression of frataxin not regulated by p53 in tumor cells lowers the utilization of iron in mitochondria, causing the tumor-specific ALA-induced accumulation of protoporphyrin."	1
"Title: WISP 1 is an important survival factor in human mesenchymal stromal cells. Abstract: WNT-induced secreted protein 1 (WISP1/CCN4), a member of the CCN protein family, acts as a downstream factor of the canonical WNT signaling pathway. Its expression is known to affect proliferation and differentiation of human mesenchymal stromal cells (hMSCs), which are fundamental for the development and maintenance of the musculoskeletal system. Whereas a dysregulated, excessive expression of WISP1 often reflects its oncogenic potential via the inhibition of apoptosis, our study emphasizes the importance of WISP1 signaling for the survival of primary human cells. We have established the efficient and specific down-regulation of endogenous WISP1 transcripts by gene silencing in hMSCs and observed cell death as a consequence of WISP1 deficiency. This was confirmed by Annexin V staining for apoptotic cells. DNA microarray analyses of WISP1 down-regulated versus control samples revealed several clusters of differentially expressed genes important for apoptosis induction such as TNF-related apoptosis-inducing ligand 1 (TRAIL) and the corresponding apoptosis-inducing receptors TRAIL-R1 and -R2. An increased expression of TRAIL and its receptors TRAIL-R1 and -R2 in WISP1-deficient hMSCs was confirmed by immunocytofluorescence. Accordingly, WISP1 deficiency is likely to cause TRAIL-induced apoptosis. This is an important novel finding, which suggests that WISP1 is indispensable for the protection of healthy hMSCs against TRAIL-induced apoptosis."	1
"Title: Overexpression of CD133 enhances chemoresistance to 5-fluorouracil by activating the PI3K/Akt/p70S6K pathway in gastric cancer cells. Abstract: CD133 has been reported to be associated with chemoresistance in various cancer cells. The efficacy of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), an important chemotherapeutic agent for advanced gastric cancer (GC), is limited by 5-FU resistance. Hence, the present study investigated the function of CD133 in 5-FU resistance in human GC cells. We isolated CD133+ GC cells by immunomagnetic cell sorting and CD133 expression was modulated by transfection of CD133 gene or CD133 small interfering ribonucleic acid. To assess the 5-FU cytotoxicity, Cell Counting Kit-8 was used. Expression of CD133, P-glycoprotein (P-gp), B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl?2), Bcl-2-associated X protein (Bax), phospho-Akt (p-Akt) and phospho-p70S6 kinase (p-p70S6K) were analyzed by western blotting. CD133, P-gp, Bcl-2 and Bax messenger ribonucleic acids were evaluated using semi-quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction. Cell apoptosis was assessed by Hoechst 33258 staining. CD133+ cells were more resistant to 5-FU than CD133- cells, and showed higher expression of P-gp and Bcl-2 with lower expression of Bax. Furthermore, CD133 silencing enhanced 5-FU cytotoxicity and apoptotic characteristics, whereas CD133 overexpression increased 5-FU resistance. CD133 silencing and activation directly decreased and increased the expression of P-gp, Bcl?2, p-Akt and p-p70S6K, respectively. Notably, Akt inhibition by LY294002 restored the 5-FU cytotoxicity suppressed by CD133 overexpression, while Akt activation by epidermal growth factor reversed the 5-FU cytotoxicity enhanced by CD133 silencing. Therefore, CD133 may inhibit 5-FU-induced apoptosis by regulating the expression of P-gp and Bcl-2 family mediated by phosphoinositide 3-kinase/Akt/p70S6K pathway in GC cells."	1
"Title: Expression and roles of fatty acid synthase in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Cell metabolism abnormalities are closely related to tumor occurrence and development. Fatty acid synthase (FASN) is the key molecule for catalyzing fatty acid synthesis. Increasing evidence indicates that FASN is highly expressed in a number of malignant tumors; it can promote the synthesis of endogenous fatty acids in tumor cells and then the synthesized fatty acids provide energy for the proliferation of tumor cells. However, there has been no systematic study focusing on FASN expression and function in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). The aim of the present study was to verify the high expression of FASN in HCC cells at the histological and cellular levels, and to construct FASN shRNA eukaryotic expression vector for interfering FASN expression in HCC cell line SK-Hep-1, in an effort to explore the role of FASN in the proliferation, apoptosis, invasion and migration of HCC cells. In the present study, we demonstrated that FASN was highly expressed in HCC tissues compared with tumor-adjacent tissue and normal liver cell line 7702 (P<0.05). FASN expression in the high metastatic MHCC97H and SK-Hep-1 cell lines was increased compared with low metastatic HCC cell lines (P<0.05). Then, we constructed a FASN shRNA eukaryotic expression vector; after HCC SK-Hep-1 cells were transfected, the cell proliferation, migration and invasion were inhibited, but FASN had no impact on the apoptosis of HCC cells. Collectively, these data indicate that FASN is possibly involved in the occurrence and metastasis of HCC. Thus, inhibition of FASN may be a promising approach for the treatment of HCC."	1
"Title: Synergistic effects of co-expression plasmid?based ADAM10-specific siRNA and GRIM-19 on hepatocellular carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: A disintegrin and metalloproteinase 10 (ADAM10) has been demonstrated to correlate with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) grade and clinical outcome and its potential as a target for HCC therapy has been established. Gene associated with retinoid-interferon-induced mortality 19 (GRIM-19), a signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3)-inhibitory protein, was identified as a potential tumor suppressor associated with growth inhibition and cell apoptosis. In the present study, we investigated whether a combined treatment with ADAM10-specific siRNA and GRIM19 gene could have an enhanced anticancer effectiveness on HCC in vitro and in vivo. We developed a dual expression plasmid that co-expressed ADAM10-specific siRNA and GRIM19, to evaluate its effects on HCC growth. Our results showed that simultaneous expression of ADAM10-specific siRNA and GRIM19 (pSi-ADAM10-GRIM19) in HepG2 cancer cells significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion, and induced cell apoptosis in vitro, and it also suppressed tumor growth in a nude mouse model when compared to the controls, either ADAM10-specific siRNA or GRIM-19 alone. In summary, our data demonstrated that a combined strategy of co-expressed ADAM10-specific siRNA and GRIM19 synergistically and more effectively suppressed HCC tumor growth, and has therapeutic potential for the treatment of HCC."	1
"Title: Role of the Wilms' tumor 1 gene in the aberrant biological behavior of leukemic cells and the related mechanisms. Abstract: The Wilms' tumor 1 (WT1) gene is one of the regulating factors in cell proliferation and development. It is a double-functional gene: an oncogene and a tumor suppressor. This gene was found to be highly expressed in many leukemic cell lines and in patients with acute myeloid leukemia. In the present study, we demonstrated that the WT1 gene was commonly expressed in leukemic cell lines apart from U937 cells. The K562 cell line which expresses WT1 at a high level (mRNA and protein) was used in the entire experiment. By MTT and colony formation assays, we found that curcumin, an inhibitor of the WT1 protein, inhibited cell proliferation and clonogenicity in a time- and dose-dependent manner. It also caused cell cycle arrest at the G2/M phase. We then designed specific short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) which could downregulate WT1 by 70-80% at the mRNA and protein levels. Reduction in the WT1 levels attenuated the proliferative ability and clonogenicity. Cell cycle progression analysis indicated that the proportion of cells in the G0/G1 phase increased while the proportion in the S phase decreased distinctively. ChIP-DNA selection and ligation (DSL) experiment identified a cohort of genes whose promoters are targeted by WT1. These genes were classified into different cellular signaling pathways using MAS software and included the Wnt/?-catenin pathway, MAPK signaling pathway, apoptosis pathway, and the cell cycle. We focused on the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway, and compared expression of several genes in the K562 cells transfected with the control shRNA and WT1-specific shRNA. ?-catenin, an important gene in the Wnt canonical pathway, was downregulated after WT1 RNAi. Target genes of ?-catenin which participate in cell proliferation and cell cycle regulation, such as CCND1 and MYC, were also significantly downregulated. Collectively, these data suggest that WT1 functions as an oncogene in leukemia cells, and one important mechanism is regulation of the Wnt/?-catenin pathway."	1
"Title: Paeonol exerts an anticancer effect on human colorectal cancer cells through inhibition of PGE? synthesis and COX-2 expression. Abstract: Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and its metabolite prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) can potentially affect most of the events in cancer development, including promotion of proliferation, resistance to apoptosis, angiogenesis, immune suppression and invasion. However, worldwide attention has predominantly centered on the cardiovascular toxicity of selective COX-2 inhibitors. Paeonol is a major active extract from the root bark of Paeonia suffruticosa Andrews with anti?inflammatory, anti-oxidant, anti-allergic, anti-oxidation and antitumor effects. In the present study, we investigated the underlying mechanisms of paeonol in inducing apoptosis and aimed to ascertain whether its antitumor effect is associated with a reduction in COX-2 expression and a decrease in the levels of PGE2 in colorectal cancer cells. We observed that paeonol inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis in a dose- and time-dependent manner in colorectal cancer cells, which was associated with a reduction in COX-2 expression and PGE2 synthesis. Treatment with the selective COX-2 inhibitor, celecoxib, or transient transfection of colorectal cancer cells with COX-2 siRNA, also inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis. Western blot analysis showed that paeonol inhibited the activation of NF-?B, an upstream regulator of COX-2, and its translocation to the nucleus. Treatment with increasing doses of paeonol led to increased expression of pro-apoptotic factor Bax and decreased expression of anti-apoptotic factor Bcl-2. Caspase-3 and caspase-9 were activated, and paeonol induced loss of mitochondrial membrane potential, suggesting that the apoptosis induced by paeonol was mediated by mitochondrial pathways. In addition, paeonol significantly suppressed tumor growth in a xenograft tumor mouse model in a dose-dependent manner. Our findings indicate that paeonol exerts an antitumor effect on human colorectal cancer cells by inhibiting PGE2 production and COX-2 expression. We expect that paeonol may replace selective COX-2 inhibitors due to their toxic effects, and may offer a new strategy for the therapy of colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: Regulation of BGC-823 cell sensitivity to adriamycin via miRNA-135a-5p. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play an important role in the genesis and development of gastric cancer. In the present study, we determined whether miRNA-135a-5p expression was increased in gastric cancer compared with adjacent non-tumor tissues using 20 pairs of gastric cancer and para-carcinoma tissue samples which were assessed via microarray and bioinformatics analysis, and western blotting. The protein content detection showed that miRNA?135a-5p expression was inversely correlated with AP-2?. Bioinformatics analysis revealed that AP-2? contains a putative miRNA-135a-5p target, which was confirmed as a direct target using the 3'-UTR luciferase reporter system. Additionally, an increase and decrease of miRNA-135a-5p inhi-bited or impaired adriamycin-induced apoptosis in BGC-823 cells (p<0.05, compared with the group without gene intervention), respectively. Luciferase reporter experiments confirmed that AP-2? bound to the BCL-2 promoter and affected its transcription. Therefore, miRNA-135a-5p increased BCL-2 via AP-2? and consequently enhanced cell resistance to apoptosis. This newly identified miRNA-135a-5p-AP-2?-BCL-2 pathway provides insight for the treatment of gastric cancer and solution for insensitivity of gastric cancer to chemotherapy drugs."	1
"Title: Krüppel-like factor 8 involved in hypoxia promotes the invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer via epithelial to mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Previously, we reported that hypoxia was able to induce invasion and metastasis in gastric cancer and that hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1) is a key factor involved in this tumor type. Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) as a transcriptional repressor has been suggested as a promoter of tumor metastasis in breast cancer and an inducer of the epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT). KLF8 is also highly expressed in gastric cancer tissues, contributing to poor prognosis. However, the association between KLF8 and HIF-1 in regulating the progression of human gastric cancer in hypoxia is unclear. In the present study, we found that KLF8 was overexpressed in gastric cancer metastatic tissues and cells. Additionally, KLF8 siRNA significantly inhibited SGC7901 cell invasion and migration compared with SGC7901, SGC7901/Scr-si cells. Hypoxia is thus able to induce KLF8 expression and EMT in SGC7901 cells. However, following the examination of changes in cell morphology and epithelial and mesenchymal markers, it was found that KLF8 siRNA and HIF-1 siRNA strongly reversed EMT in cells undergoing hypoxia. Furthermore, hypoxia-induced KLF8 overexpression was attenuated by HIF-1 siRNA. Experiments using luciferase promoter constructs resulted in a marked increase in the activity of cells exposed to hypoxia and decreased activity in cells co-transfected with HIF-1 siRNA. The chromatin immunoprecipitation assay revealed proximal HRE at -133 is the main HIF-1 binding site in the KLF8 promoter. In conclusion, the results demonstrated that KLF8 is actively enhanced by hypoxia and is a novel HIF-1 target. KLF8 is a novel EMT regulating transcription factor that involved in the progression of gastric cancer. The specific anti-EMT drugs in combination with anti-hypoxia are new promising cancer therapies."	1
"Title: Berberine hydrochloride IL-8 dependently inhibits invasion and IL-8-independently promotes cell apoptosis in MDA-MB-231 cells. Abstract: Breast cancer, the leading cause of cancer-related mortality worldwide in females, has high metastastic and recurrence rates. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the anti-metastatic and anticancer in situ effect of berberine hydrochloride (BER) in MDA-MB-231 cells. BER dose-dependently inhibited proliferation and the IL-8 secretion of MDA-MB-231 cells. Additional experiments revealed that the inactivation of PI3K, JAK2, NF-?B and AP-1 by BER contributed to the decreased IL-8 secretion. BER abrogated cell invasion induced by IL-8 accompanied with the downregulation of the gene expression of MMP-2, EGF, E-cadherin, bFGF and fibronectin. In addition, BER reduced cell motility but induced G2/M arrest and cell apoptosis in an IL-8?independent manner. BER modulated multiple signaling pathway molecules involved in the regulation of cell apoptosis, including activation of p38 MAPK and JNK and deactivation of JAK2, p85 PI3K, Akt and NF-?B. The enhanced cell apoptosis induced by BER was eliminated by inhibitors of p38 MAPK and JNK but was strengthened by activator of p38 MAPK. Thus, BER inhibited cell metastasis partly through the IL-8 mediated pathway while it induced G2/M arrest and promoted cell apoptosis through the IL-8 independent pathway. Apoptosis induced by BER was mediated by crosstalks of various pathways including activation of p38 MAPK and JNK pathways and inactivation of Jak2/PI3K/NF-?B/AP-1 pathways. The results suggested that BER may be an efficient and safe drug candidate for treating highly metastatic breast cancer."	1
"Title: Ribosomal protein S15A augments human osteosarcoma cell proliferation in vitro. Abstract: As a highly conserved housekeeping gene, the biological implications of ribosomal protein S15A (RPS15A) during various processes, including carcinogenesis, remain elusive. Herein, the authors reported that knockdown of RPS15A expression significantly inhibited human osteosarcoma U2OS cell proliferation and colony formation in vitro by using a lentivirus-mediated RNA interference (RNAi) system. Moreover, an excess accumulation of cells in the G0/G1 phase was observed in U2OS cells transduced with lentivirus targeting RPS15A, suggesting that the growth inhibition mediated by RPS15A knockdown in osteosarcoma cells was probably due to the induction of cell cycle arrest. Taken together, this study highlights the crucial role of RPS15A in promoting osteosarcoma cell proliferation, and provides a foundation for further study into the clinical potential of inhibition of RPS15A for the treatment of osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: MiR-143 and MiR-145 regulate IGF1R to suppress cell proliferation in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) is a transmembrane receptor that is activated by insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) and by a related hormone called IGF-2. It belongs to the large class of tyrosine kinase receptors and plays an important role in colorectal cancer etiology and progression. In this study, we used bioinformatic analyses to search for miRNAs that potentially target IGF1R. We identified specific target sites for miR-143 and miR-145 (miR-143/145) in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of the IGF1R gene. These miRNAs are members of a cluster of miRNAs that have been reported to exhibit tumor suppressor activity. Consistent with the bioinformatic analyses, we identified an inverse correlation between miR-143/145 levels and IGF1R protein levels in colorectal cancer tissues. By overexpressing miR-143/145 in Caco2, HT29 and SW480 colorectal cancer cells, we experimentally validated that miR-143/145 directly recognizes the 3'-UTR of the IGF1R transcript and regulates IGF1R expression. Furthermore, the biological consequences of the targeting of IGF1R by miR-143/145 were examined by cell proliferation assays in vitro. We demonstrated that the repression of IGF1R by miR-143/145 suppressed the proliferation of Caco2 cells. Taken together, our findings provide evidence for a role of the miR-143/145 cluster as a tumor suppressor in colorectal cancer through the inhibition of IGF1R translation."	1
"Title: Comparative insight into expression of recombinant human VEGF111b, a newly identified anti-angiogenic isoform, in eukaryotic cell lines. Abstract: VEGF-A is a critical growth factor in tumor growth and progression. Two families of VEGF-A isoforms are produced through alternative splicing including VEGFxxx pro-angiogenic and VEGFxxxb anti-angiogenic isoforms. VEGF111b is a new member of the VEGFxxxb family that is induced by mitomycin C and doesn't express in normal conditions. The potent anti-angiogenic properties of VEGF-111b and its remarkable resistance to proteolysis make it an interesting alternative candidate for therapeutic use in all types of cancers. Here, the recombinant VEGF-111b cDNA with insertion of intronic sequence was constructed by using a class IIs restriction enzyme-based method. The recombinant pBud-VEGF111b was transfected into CHO dhfr(-) and HEK 293 cell lines which are currently the standard hosts for the production of candidate therapeutic proteins. Then, the VEGF-111b expression was evaluated in two cell lines using the Real-time PCR. The production of VEGF-111b protein was also investigated here by dot blotting. The VEGF expression was increased about 109 and 185-folds in transfected CHO-dhfr(-) and HEK 293 cells, respectively, in comparison with the un-transfected cells. Dot blotting approach confirmed that both cell lines have successfully produced the VEGF-111b protein."	1
"Title: Upregulation of microRNA-196a and microRNA-196b cooperatively correlate with aggressive progression and unfavorable prognosis in patients with colorectal cancer. Abstract: Both microRNA (miR)-196a and miR-196b are implicated in normal cell differentiation, proliferation, and in tumorigenesis of various cancer types. Especially, miR-196a exerts a pro-oncogenic influence in colorectal cancer (CRC) cells and miR-196b expression is upregulated in CRC tissues. The aim of this study was to evaluate the associations of miR-196a and miR-196b dysregulation with clinicopathological characteristics and prognosis in patients with CRC. Methods: Quantitative real time-PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to detect the expression levels of miR-196a and miR-196b in 126 pairs of fresh tumor samples matched with adjacent colorectal mucosa obtained from 126 patients with CRC. Results: miR-196a and miR-196b expression levels in CRC tissues were significantly higher than those in adjacent colorectal mucosa (both P < 0.002). Interestingly, the expression levels of miR-196a in CRC tissues were positively correlated with those of miR-196b. Then, high miR-196a expression and high miR-196b expression, alone or in combination, were all statistically linked to the presence of lymph node metastasis, the poor differentiation grade, and the advanced TNM stage of CRC. Moreover, overall and disease-free survivals of CRC patients with high miR-196a expression, high miR-196b expression and miR-196a-high/miR-196b-high expression tended to be shorter than the corresponding control groups (log-rank statistic, all P < 0.001). Furthermore, multivariate analysis indicated miR-196a and/or miR-196b expression as independent prognostic indicators for CRC patients (all P < 0.05). Conclusions: Both miR-196a and miR-196b may be correlated with aggressive progression and unfavorable clinical outcome in CRC patients. Combined expression of miR-196a and miR-196b may be a promising biomarker in identifying a poor prognosis group of CRC."	1
"Title: Expression of tissue factor signaling pathway elements correlates with the production of vascular endothelial growth factor and interleukin-8 in human astrocytoma patients. Abstract: The expression levels of tissue factor (TF), the clotting initiator protein, have been correlated with angiogenesis and the histological grade of malignancy in glioma patients. The pro-tumor function of TF is linked to a family of G protein-coupled receptors known as protease-activated receptors (PARs), which may be activated by blood coagulation proteases. Activation of PARs elicits a number of responses, including the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and interleukin-8 (IL-8). In the present study, we analyzed the expression of TF signaling pathway elements (TF, PAR1 and PAR2) and evaluated their correlation with the expression of downstream products (VEGF and IL-8) in human astrocytoma patients. Quantitative PCR (qPCR) showed a significant increase in TF expression in grade IV (glioblastoma) tumors, which was inversely correlated with the expression of the tumor-suppressor PTEN. Immunohistochemistry and qPCR analyses demonstrated a highly significant elevation in the expression of PAR1, but not PAR2, in tumor samples from high-grade astrocytoma patients. The elevated VEGF expression levels detected in the high-grade astrocytoma samples were positively correlated with TF, PAR1 and PAR2 expression. In addition, IL-8 was significantly increased in glioblastoma patients and positively correlated with TF and PAR2 expression. Further in vitro assays employing the human glioma cell lines U87-MG and HOG demonstrated that a synthetic peptide PAR2 agonist stimulated VEGF and IL-8 production. Our findings suggest a role for TF signaling pathway elements in astrocytoma progression, particularly in glioblastoma. Therefore, TF/PAR signaling elements may be suitable targets for the development of new therapies for the treatment of aggressive glioma."	1
"Title: Clinical significance of TrkB expression in nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Abstract: Recent research has demonstrated that tropomyosin?related kinase B (TrkB) plays an important role in neuronal survival, differentiation and migration; yet, its specific role in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is unclear. To elucidate its role in NPC, we examined TrkB expression in NPC tissues and cell lines, and investigated the correlation between TrkB expression and prognosis in patients with NPC. Immunohistochemical analysis was performed on NPC specimens from 108 patients with follow-up information. Additionally, reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and western blot analyses were used to determine TrkB expression levels in NPC and noncancerous nasopharyngeal tissues. RT-PCR and western blot analyses were also used to determine TrkB expression levels in 7 NPC cell lines and a nasopharyngeal epithelium cell line. High TrkB expression was significantly correlated with T classification, lymph node metastasis and clinical stage, respectively. Patients with NPC who had high TrkB expression had reduced disease-free survival and overall survival when compared with patients who had low TrkB expression. Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed that TrkB overexpression was an independent prognostic factor for patients with NPC. Furthermore, TrkB was overexpressed in NPC specimens and cell lines. TrkB expression levels were significantly increased in NPC specimens, and enhanced levels were correlated with a poor prognosis in patients with NPC. These findings suggest that TrkB may contribute to NPC progression and represent a novel prognostic indicator for patients with NPC."	1
"Title: MiR-21 overexpression is associated with acquired resistance of EGFR-TKI in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: With the increasing use of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR TKI) in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), its acquired resistance has become a major clinical problem. Recent studies revealed that miR-21 was involved into the resistance of cytotoxic agents. The aim of this study was to investigate its role in the acquired resistance of NSCLC to EGFR-TKI. Methods: EGFR-TKI-sensitive human lung adenocarcinoma cell line PC9 and the acquired resistant cell line, PC9R, were used. Lentiviral vectors were used to infect PC9 or PC9R to regulate the miR-21 expression. The expression of targeted proteins PTEN and PDCD4 was controlled by RNA interference. MicroRNA array, RT-PCR and TaqMan MicroRNA Assays were used to detect miR-21 expression. The MTT and Annexin V assays were used to determine proliferation and apoptosis. Western Blot and immunohistochemistry were used to analyze target protein expression (PTEN, PDCD4, Akt, p-Akt). We also constructed PC9R xenograft tumor model to observe the relationship between miR-21 and EGFR-TKI resistance in vivo and validated it in the clinical serum specimens of NSCLC patients treated with EGFR-TKI. Result: MiR-21 was overexpressed in the EGFR-TKI resistant cell line PC9R relative to PC9. The level of miR-21 was reversely correlated with the expression of PTEN and PDCD4 and positive correlated with PI3K/Akt pathway. Inhibiting miR-21 with lentivirus vector induces apoptosis in PC9R cell line and inhibiting miR-21with ASO suppressed tumor growth in nude mice treated with EGFR-TKI. Furthermore, serum miR-21 expression in NSCLC patients treated with EGFR-TKI was significantly higher at the time of acquiring resistance than at baseline (p<0.01). Conclusion: miR-21 is involved in acquired resistance of EGFR-TKI in NSCLC, which is mediated by down-regulating PTEN and PDCD4 and activating PI3K/Akt pathway."	1
"Title: Overexpression of B7-H1 correlates with malignant cell proliferation in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: B7-H1, a member of the B7 family of proteins, is hypothesised to play an important role in the immune escape of tumours through its binding to the PD-1 receptor on activated T and B cells. By inducing T lymphocyte apoptosis, tumour cells can suppress an effective antitumour immune response. Although the immunosuppressive effect of B7-H1 has been studied in many tumours, its other biological functions remain unclear. We previously demonstrated a high expression level of this molecule in pancreatic cancer patient samples and its antiapoptotic effect in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) cells. The aim of the present study was to investigate the possible role of B7-H1 in the proliferation of PDA cells. Functional studies were performed using pancreatic cell lines that were genetically engineered to express high or low levels of B7-H1, and we found that the overexpression of B7-H1 through plasmid transfection in PDA cells promoted cell proliferation. Conversely, the short-hairpin RNA (shRNA) knockdown of B7-H1 inhibited PDA cell proliferation. Further analyses of the cell cycle and cell cycle-related molecules confirmed this result. Taken together, our results indicate that the upregulation of B7-H1 in pancreatic cancer cells promotes proliferation and accelerates carcinogenesis; these data, therefore, provide insights into the effects of B7-H1 overexpression on pancreatic tumour cells."	1
"Title: Overexpression of AIOLOS inhibits cell proliferation and suppresses apoptosis in Nalm-6 cells. Abstract: The AIOLOS gene is important in the control of mature B-lymphocyte differentiation and proliferation. Previous research has shown that deregulated AIOLOS expression is associated with adult B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and chronic lymphocytic leukemia in human patients. However, the function of AIOLOS in childhood B-cell precursor (BCP)-ALL is not fully understood. In the present study, Nalm-6 cells were divided into three groups: the untransfected control (UT), the lentiviral vector control (Lenti-Mock) and the AIOLOS-overexpressing (Lenti-AIOLOS) group. Lenti-AIOLOS Nalm-6 cells were constructed by lentiviral transduction, followed by cell proliferation assay, cell-cycle analysis and apoptosis assay, to evaluate the effects of AIOLOS on proliferation, cell cycle distribution and apoptosis of Nalm-6 cells in vitro. Moreover, the expression levels of genes associated with apoptosis and the cell cycle, as well as the transcription factors IKZF1 and NF-?B, were investigated by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis. The results showed that the proliferation of Nalm-6 cells in the Lenti-AIOLOS group was reduced by 16% on day 8 compared with cells in the UT group (P>0.05). The reduction peaked at 29% on day 10 (P<0.05). The percentage of Nalm-6 cells in the G0/G1 phase increased from 70.4 (UT) to 84.1% (Lenti-AIOLOS) (P<0.01), and the S-phase cells decreased from 20.3 (UT) to 11.7% (Lenti-AIOLOS) (P<0.01). Total apoptotic cells significantly decreased in AIOLOS-transfected Nalm-6 cells (10.75%) compared with those in the Lenti-Mock (17.00%) or UT group (19.05%) (P<0.01). In particular, the difference between the groups in the percentage of late apoptotic cells was significant (2.85 vs. 7.95%; P<0.01). In addition, overexpression of AIOLOS resulted in upregulation of BCL-2 and downregulation of CCND3, BAX, IKZF1 and NF-?B. No changes were detected on C-MYC and P27. Our findings indicate that lentivirus-mediated overexpression of AIOLOS in Nalm-6 cells could inhibit cell proliferation, suppress cell apoptosis and arrest the cell cycle at the G0/G1 phase in vitro."	1
"Title: Ik6 expression provides a new strategy for the therapy of acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Abstract: Our previous study demonstrated that the dominant-negative Ikaros isoform 6 (Ik6) is overexpressed in Chinese children with newly diagnosed B-acute lymphoblastic leukemia (B-ALL) and is strongly associated with a poor outcome. The purpose of the present study was to further explore the function of Ik6 in B-ALL. The association between Ik6 expression as detected by real-time PCR and efficacy of chemotherapy was evaluated. The effect of the alteration in Ik6 on leukemic cell lines was assessed by in vitro gain-of-function and loss-of-function techniques. PCR analysis showed that Ik6 expression was decreased when patients completed induction chemotherapy and reached complete remission. Ik6 expression was significantly increased when patients suffered relapse. Stable transfection of Ik6 into the Nalm-6 cell line revealed that Ik6 enhanced proliferation of Nalm-6 cells through the promotion of G0/G1-to-S-phase transition and enhanced chemoresistance to chemotherapeutics through anti-apoptotic effects. However, Ik6 expression did not affect the invasion of Nalm-6 cells. In contrast, silencing of Ik6 in Sup-B15 cells significantly inhibited proliferation and increased chemosensitivity. The present study suggests that Ik6 may be a biological marker of chemosensitivity and relapse and Ik6 may provide a potential therapeutic strategy for ALL."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-195-5p is a potential diagnostic and therapeutic target for breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of highly conserved, small endogenous single-strand non-coding RNAs. They are aberrantly expressed in the circulation and tissue of patients with cancer. Therefore, it has been suggested that they may act as key regulators of carcinogenesis. The aim of the present study was to examine the expression level of miR-195-5p in human breast cancer and its potential role in carcinogenesis. The expression level of miR-195-5p was measured in 40 breast cancer specimens and adjacent normal breast tissues by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Next, to explore the potential function of miR-195-5p, we used MDA-MB-231 human breast cancer cells and carried out MTT, colony formation, Transwell chamber migration and cell cycle assays. The dual-luciferase reporter assay was also performed to determine putative targets of miR-195-5p, which were validated using qPCR and western blot assays. We found that miR-195-5p expression was significantly decreased in the 40 breast cancer specimens when compared with that in the adjacent normal breast tissues (P<0.05). Overexpression of miR-195-5p inhibited cell proliferation, reduced cell colony formation, suppressed cell migration and caused an accumulation of cells in the G1 phase of the cell cycle. In the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of cyclin E1 (CCNE1), we found two putative target sites which may bind miR-195-5p, suggesting that CCNE1 is a direct target of miR-195-5p. Furthermore, through qPCR and western blot assays we showed that overexpression of miR-195-5p reduced CCNE1 mRNA and protein levels, respectively. Our study suggests that miR-195-5p may act as a tumor suppressor in breast cancer. Therefore, targeting of this miRNA may provide a novel strategy for the diagnosis and treatment of patients with this lethal disease."	1
"Title: miR-511 induces the apoptosis of radioresistant lung adenocarcinoma cells by triggering BAX. Abstract: Radioresistance is one of the main reasons for the failure of radiotherapy in lung cancer. The present study was conducted to identify the role of miR-511 in suppressing the growth of radioresistant lung adenocarcinoma cells. First, a radioresistant A549/R cell line was generated after prolonged exposure to X-rays for 68 Gy (2 Gy/day, 5 days/week) and the radioresistance was confirmed by wound healing assay. Next, oncogenic TRIB2 was found to be upregulated in the radioresistant A549/R cells when compared to that of the control A549 cells as determined by western blot analysis. As the upstream miRNA, quantitative PCR showed that miR-511 expression was decreased in the radioresistant A549/R cells. Overexpression of miR-511 in miR-511-transfected A549/R cells inhibited cell growth and increased the number of apoptotic cells when compared with the control treatment. Flow cytometric analysis further demonstrated that the growth suppressive effect of miR-511 on A549/R cells was mediated by regulation of the cell cycle, most likely due to a block in the G1-S transition. Finally, our results showed that the expression of BAX was lower in the radioresistant A549/R cells when compared with that in the control A549 cells. After downregulation of TRIB2 by miR-511 treatment, BAX expression was obviously increased in the miR-511-transfected apoptotic A549/R cells when compared to that in the NC-treated or control cultures. In summary, our results revealed that miR-511 regulates the growth of radioresistant A549/R cells by increasing BAX expression through TRIB2, which suggests that miR-511 may be a potential therapeutic molecule for the treatment of radioresistant lung adenocarcinoma."	1
"Title: miR-222 regulates the cell biological behavior of oral squamous cell carcinoma by targeting PUMA. Abstract: Previous reports have shown that low expression of p53 upregulated modulator of apoptosis (PUMA) and abnormal expression patterns of a number of miRNAs may be associated with poor prognosis in various types of human malignancies. As a member of the oncomiRs, miR-222 has been found to be upregulated in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC). We hypothesized that there was an important relationship between miR-222 and PUMA in OSCC based on the prediction of the target genes of miR-222. In the present study, Pre-miR-222, As-miR-222 and the empty vector, were used to treat OSCC cells, respectively. Using the non-transfected cells as blank control, the expression levels of miR-222 and the PUMA gene were evaluated by RT-PCR and western blotting. Cell proliferation and migration abilities were analyzed by MTT and Transwell assays. Cell cycle distribution and apoptosis were assessed by flow cytometry. Our results demonstrated that, when compared with the blank control group, OSCC cells in the Pre-miR-222 transfection group showed increased expression of miR-222 and decreased expression of PUMA, enhanced proliferation and invasion abilities, and decreased apoptosis. In contrast, the above indices in the As-miR-222 transfection group confirmed the opposite results when compared with those in the Pre-miR-222 transfection group. In addition, no significant differences between the empty vector transfection group and the control group were noted. Our results suggest that miR-222 targets the expression of PUMA in OSCC cells and affects cell growth, invasive and apoptotic abilities. Thus, PUMA may be a possible new target for the treatment of OSCC."	1
"Title: Downregulation of NOB1 suppresses the proliferation and tumor growth of non-small cell lung cancer in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is a lethal disease due to the absence of effective diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Therefore, novel molecular targets are critically needed to formulate new approaches for this devastating disease. In the present study, using quantitive real-time PCR and immunohistochemistry. we initially found that expression of the ribosome assembly factor NIN/RPN12 binding protein (NOB1) was elevated in the majority of NSCLC tissues when compared to that in the normal lung tissue counterparts, and its expression level was correlated with key pathological characteristics including tumor differentiation, stage and metastasis. Then, the recombinant lentiviral shRNA expression vector carrying NOB1 was constructed and infected into the human NSCLC A549 cell line. Cell proliferation, cell apoptosis, cell cycle distribution and colony formation ability in A549 cells were assessed following downregulation of NOB1 by siRNA. In addition, tumor growth ability in nude mice was evaluated to define the function of NOB1 in cell transformation and tumorigenesis. It was found that downregulation of NOB1 expression using the RNA silencing approach in A549 tumor cells significantly suppressed the proliferation and colony formation ability, and induced tumor apoptosis in vitro. Tumor growth was also suppressed in vivo. These data suggest that NOB1 is an important regulator of the tumorigenic properties of human NSCLC and may be used as a new promising diagnostic biomarker and a potential anticancer therapeutic target for NSCLC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-145 function as a cell growth repressor by directly targeting c-Myc in human ovarian cancer. Abstract: MiR-145 is reported to be significantly down-regulated in ovarian cancer. This study was aimed at elucidating the roles of miR-145 in regulating the biological behavior of epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) cells. In this report, we find out that up-regulation of miR-145 in OVCAR-3 and SKOV-3 cells inhibit cell proliferation and promote cell apoptosis. We show that miR-145 directly target the c-Myc 3'-UTR. Moreover, ectopic expression of c-Myc reduces the inhibition of cell proliferation caused by miR-145 transfection. Cell cycle assay showed that up-regulation of miR-145 reduces S phase population, and restoration of c-Myc can rescue this reduction. These findings indicate that miR-145 inhibits cell proliferation and promotes cell apoptosis by targeting c-Myc 3'-UTR. Therefore, the result indicated that miR- 145 could be used as a potential therapeutic target in ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Abnormal activation of the EGFR signaling pathway mediates the downregulation of miR?145 through the ERK1/2 in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: The expression of miR-145 with tumor suppressor function is decreased in lung cancer cells. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling pathway is abnormally activated in lung cancer cells. It is not clear whether the EGFR signaling pathway is involved in the regulation of miR-145 expression in lung cancer. In the present study, we found that the reduction of miR-145 was associated with EGFR abnormal activation in lung cancer cells. AG1478, an inhibitor of EGFR, may restore the expression of miR-145, indicating that EGFR activation is involved in the downregulation of miR-145 in lung cancer cells. Then, the application of STAT3, AKT and ERK1/2 inhibitors and siRNA against these signaling molecules indicated that ERK1/2 or AKT instead of STAT3 was involved in the process of miR-145 downregulation by EGFR. It was confirmed that AKT through activation of the ERK1/2 signaling molecules mediated the effect of EGFR on miR-145. Furthermore, we found that EGFR downregulated miR-145 through ERK1/2 in lung cancer cells. These findings establish EGFR and miR-145 links in lung cancer cells and therefore contribute to a better understanding of the role of EGFR in lung cancer cells, and provide clues for in-depth study of miR-145 expression and a possible direction for the further increase of miR-145 in lung cancer cells."	1
"Title: LincRNA-p21 enhances the sensitivity of radiotherapy for human colorectal cancer by targeting the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. Abstract: Recent studies show that long intergenic noncoding RNA-p21 (lincRNA-p21) is aberrantly expressed in several types of cancer, including colorectal cancer (CRC), one of the most common cancers in the world. Radiotherapy is considered as a standard preoperative treatment approach to reduce local recurrence for local advanced rectal cancer. However, a considerable number of rectal cancers are resistant to radiotherapy. In the present study, we evaluated the role of lincRNA?p21 in radiotherapy for CRC and detected the possible molecular mechanism. By expression profile analysis, we demonstrated that lincRNA-p21 decreases in CRC cell lines and tissue samples, which contributes to the elevation of ?-catenin in CRC. We further showed that lincRNA?p21 increases following X-ray treatment, and enforced expression of the lincRNA enhances the sensitivity of radiotherapy for CRC by promoting cell apoptosis. Suppression of the ?-catenin signaling pathway and elevation of the pro-apoptosis gene Noxa expression may help explain the role of lincRNA-p21 in CRC radiotherapy. The present study not only deepens our understanding of the mechanism of radiotherapy for CRC, but it also provides a potential target for CRC radiotherapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-10b promotes migration and invasion through KLF4 and HOXD10 in human bladder cancer. Abstract: The present study was performed to investigate the effect of microRNA-10b (miR-10b) on cell migration and invasion in human bladder cancer (BC). Real-time PCR was performed to detect the expression of miR-10b in BC cell lines. miR-10b mimics, the negative control for mimics, miR-10b inhibitor and the negative control for inhibitor were transfected into BC cell lines and the effects of miR-10b on the migration and invasion of cells were investigated through Transwell assay. Meanwhile, protein levels of KLF4, HOXD10, E-cadherin and MMP14 were measured. Luciferase assays were also performed to validate KLF4 and HOXD10 as miR-10b targets. In vivo metastasis assay was performed to validate if miR-10b can promote BC cell line metastasis in vivo. miR-10b is significantly upregulated in BC cell lines and metastatic tissues. Increased miR-10b expression significantly enhanced BC cell migration and invasion, while decreased miR-10b expression reduced cell migration and invasion. In vivo metastasis assay demonstrated that overexpression of miR-10b markedly promoted BC metastasis. Moreover, KLF4 and HOXD10 were identified as direct targets of miR-10b in BC cells. Silencing of KLF4 or HOXD10 recapitulated the pro-metastatic function. Furthermore, we found that E-cadherin and MMP14 may be the downstream factors of KLF4 and HOXD10 in the suppression of BC metastasis by miR-10b. These data suggest that miR-10b may function as oncogenes in BC cells. Targeting these novel strategies, inhibition of miR-10b/KLF4/E-cadherin axis and miR-10b/HOXD10/MMP14 axis may be helpful as a therapeutic approach to block BC cell metastasis."	1
"Title: miR-7 inhibits the invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer cells by suppressing epidermal growth factor receptor expression. Abstract: The present study profiled differentially expressed microRNAs (miRs) in gastric cancer cell lines and then investigated miR-7 expression in gastric cancer tissue specimens and the effects of miR-7 on the growth, invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer cells and the underlying molecular events. A microRNA microarray was used to profile differentially expressed miRNAs in human gastric cancer cell lines relative to a normal stomach mucosal epithelial cell line. The miRNA miR-7 was selected for further investigation, which included real-time reverse-transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) analysis of miR-7 levels in different gastric cancer cell lines and tissues and distant non-tumor tissues from patient resections. Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8), Transwell migration and invasion, and western blot assays were performed to assess tumor cell viability, invasion and gene expression, respectively, after miR-7 transfection. The miRNA microarray profiling revealed 14 upregulated miRNAs (including miR-21, miR-26b and miR-30b) and 19 downregulated miRNAs (including let-7i, miR-7 and miR-622) between gastric cancer and normal cell lines. The qRT-PCR analysis confirmed that reduced miR-7 expression occurred more frequently in poorly and moderately differentiated gastric cancer MGC-803, MKN-45 and SGC-7901 cell lines than in the well-differentiated gastric cancer NCI-N87 cell line, which was consistent with the results for gastric cancer tissues. Expression of miR-7 was downregulated in 86.9% (20/23) of the gastric cancer tissues compared with that in the distant non-tumor tissues. Restoration of miR-7 expression significantly inhibited tumor cell viability, invasiveness and migration when compared with the control cells. Luciferase assay confirmed the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) as a target gene of mR-7, and expression of miR-7 significantly suppressed EGFR expression at both the mRNA and protein levels. The data from the present study demonstrated that reduced miR-7 expression contributes to gastric cancer development and progression. Further study will investigate miR-7 in the regulation of EGFR expression in vitro and in vivo."	1
"Title: KLF8 knockdown suppresses proliferation and invasion in human osteosarcoma cells. Abstract: Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) is a transcription factor that is important in the regulation of the cell cycle and has a critical role in oncogenic transformation and epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT). EMT is a key process in tumor metastasis. Although overexpression of KLF8 has been observed in a variety of human tumor types, the role of KLF8 in human osteosarcoma is yet to be elucidated. The present study aimed to investigate the biological impact of KLF8 on Saos-2 osteosarcoma cells. KLF8 gene expression was knocked down in vitro using a lentivirus-mediated small interfering (si)RNA method. Cell proliferation and cell cycle distribution were evaluated using 3-(4,5)-dimethylthiahiazo(-z-yl)-3,5-di-phenytetrazoliumromide and colony formation assays, and flow cytometry, respectively. Cell invasion was analyzed using a Transwell® invasion assay. Knockdown of KLF8 was found to significantly inhibit proliferation and invasion in osteosarcoma cells. These data suggest that KLF8 may exhibit an important role in osteosarcoma tumorigenesis and that KLF8 may be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-127-3p promotes glioblastoma cell migration and invasion by targeting the tumor-suppressor gene SEPT7. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs of 20-25 nucleotides in length that are capable of modulating gene expression post-transcriptionally. The potential roles of miRNAs in the tumorigenesis of glioblastoma (GBM) have been under intensive studies in the past few years. In the present study, we found a positive correlation between the levels of miR-127-3p and the cell migration and invasion abilities in several human GBM cell lines. We showed that miR-127-3p promoted cell migration and invasion of GBM cells using in vitro cell lines and in vivo mouse models. We identified SEPT7, a known tumor-suppressor gene that has been reported to suppress GBM cell migration and invasion, as a direct target of miR-127-3p. SEPT7 was able to partially abrogate the effect of miR-127-3p on cell migration and invasion. In addition, microarray analysis revealed that miR-127-3p regulated a number of migration and invasion-related genes. Finally, we verified that miR-127-3p affected the remodeling of the actin cytoskeleton mediated by SEPT7 in GBM cells."	1
"Title: Autophagy promotes the survival and development of tumors by participating in the formation of vasculogenic mimicry. Abstract: Autophagy, type II nonapoptotic cell death, is characterized by the formation of double-membrane cytosolic vesicles, the recycling of damaged cytoplasmic content and the maintenance of genetic stability and cellular homeostasis, under conditions of nutrient starvation, hypoxia or other therapeutic stress. In the present study, we comprehensively discuss its indispensable role in the formation of vasculogenic mimicry (VM), capillary-like tubes consisting of cells from the tumor itself instead of vascular endothelial cells. A short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to silence beclin1, an autophagy-specific gene, was designed, synthesized and subcloned into a vector to establish an autophagy-inhibited group, while negative control and blank groups were also established using human gastric cancer SGC7901 cells. We then investigated the VM formation ability of these three groups and detected changes in gene expression, survival and invasion correspondingly. The results showed that, following the formation of VM, the expression of pluripotent genes (c-myc, oct3/4, sox-2) and autophagy-specific genes (beclin1, ATG5, ATG7) were increased, which was consistent with the negative control cell group. However, the autophagy inhibited cell group did not form VM, and the expression of pluripotent genes was decreased. Moreover, the inhibition of autophagy reduced the survival and invasive ability of cancer cells under stress. We suggest that during the formation of VM, the stable expression of genes and the maintenance of survival and invasion are indispensable. Under a stress environment, autophagy is activated to maintain the stability of gene expression, maintain survival and invasive ability and facilitate VM formation, which can provide nutrients, oxygen and invasive channels to tumors, facilitating survival and development under stress."	1
"Title: N-myc downstream regulated gene 1 acts as a tumor suppressor in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Although implicated in a number of tumor types, the role of N-myc downstream regulated gene 1 (NDRG1) in ovarian cancer (OC) is unclear. In the present study, we used short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to silence NDRG1 in the OC cell line OVCAR3 and assessed the effect of its knockdown on cell morphology, proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion. To complement these knockdown studies, we overexpressed NDRG1 in the same cell line. We found that NDRG1 knockdown significantly enhanced OVCAR3 proliferation, migration and invasion; however, there were no apparent changes in cell morphology. We also examined the effect in vivo and found that NDRG1 depletion promoted OVCAR3 xenograft growth in nude mice. In accordance with these data, we found that NDRG1 overexpression decreased proliferation, adhesion and apoptosis, and induced G0/G1 cell cycle arrest in OVCAR3 cells; expression of p21 and p53 was also increased. In conclusion, we demonstrated that NDRG1 acts as a tumor suppressor in ovarian carcinogenesis and may be a potential therapeutic target in this disease."	1
"Title: Overexpression of microRNA-143 inhibits growth and induces apoptosis in human leukemia cells. Abstract: Microrna-143 (miR-143) has been suggested to be a tumor suppressor, yet its role in hematological tumors has not been determined. Thus, we aimed to explore the expression and function of miR-143 in leukemia cells. miR-143 expression was assessed in bone marrow samples from 63 leukemia patients and 15 healthy controls using q-PCR, and its correlation with DNMT3A expression was determined. In addition, after lentiviral-mediated miR-143 overexpression, K562 cell proliferation was evaluated using CCK-8 analysis; cell cycle progression and apoptosis were determined using flow cytometry. The expression of Bcl-2 and pro-caspase-3 and -9 was assessed by q-PCR and western blot analysis, respectively. Leukemia patients had significantly lower relative miR-143 expression than healthy controls (P=0.004), and the expression levels of miR143 and DNMTA3A were negatively correlated (r=-0.663, P=0.001). Overexpression of miR-143 decreased DNMT3A mRNA and protein expression, and significantly reduced K562 cell proliferation at 72 and 96 h (both P ? 0.018). In addition, reduced colony formation and cell cycle progression were observed upon miR-143 overexpression. Flow cytometric analysis revealed that the early apoptosis rate was higher in the miR-143 group than the rate in the NC group. Bcl-2 mRNA expression and pro-caspase-3 and -9 protein expression were reduced in the miR-143-expressing cells. These findings suggest that miR-143 plays an important role in leukemia cell proliferation and apoptosis, possibly through silencing of DNMT3A. Further studies are necessary to determine the prognostic value and therapeutic potential of targeting miR-143."	1
"Title: Isoquercitrin inhibits the progression of liver cancer in vivo and in vitro via the MAPK signalling pathway. Abstract: Liver cancer is a malignant tumour with high morbidity and fatality rates that is common worldwide. At present, the clinical approaches to treating primary liver cancer include partial hepatectomy, systemic or local chemotherapy, radiotherapy, radiofrequency ablative surgery and liver transplantation. However, all of these approaches have shortcomings, including poor prognosis and numerous side-effects. A large number of studies have proven that many effective ingredients in traditional Chinese medicine, particularly the flavonoid compounds extracted from plants, have achieved breakthroughs in terms of enhancing the effects and reducing the toxicity of chemotherapy and radiotherapy, preventing tumour metastasis and relapse after surgery, alleviating the clinical symptoms of advanced tumours, improving the quality of life of the patient with tumours and extending patient long?term survival. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the impact of isoquercitrin, the flavonoid from Bidens bipinnata L. extract, on the progression of liver cancer and to achieve a deeper understanding of the biological characteristics of isoquercitrin's involvement in the progression of liver cancer. In the in vitro experiments, isoquercitrin was found to strongly inhibit the proliferation of human liver cancer cells, promote the apoptosis of human liver cancer cells, and block the cell cycle in the G1 phase. Isoquercitrin activated caspase-3, -8 and -9, inhibited the expression level of ERK and p38MAPK protein phosphorylation, and promoted the phosphorylation of JNK. Additionally, isoquercitrin reduced the expression level of PKC in human liver cancer cells. In the in vivo experiments, isoquercitrin was also found to significantly inhibit the growth of transplanted tumours in nude mice. The present study confirmed that isoquercitrin could inhibit the progression of human liver cancer in vivo and in vitro, and the molecular mechanism of isoquercitrin may be closely associated with the MAPK and PKC signalling pathways."	1
"Title: IL-1?-stimulated urokinase plasminogen activator expression through NF-?B in gastric cancer after HGF treatment. Abstract: The potential of hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) to regulate the expression of urokinase plasminogen activator (uPA) in a gastric cancer cell is not widely acknowledged. To identify the genes associated with the plasminogen activator proteolytic axis by HGF, we used cDNA microarray technology and selected genes upregulated or downregulated in two gastric cell lines (NUGC-3 and MKN-28). First, IL-1? RNA and protein were confirmed to be upregulated. Then, we investigated the effect of IL-1? induced by HGF on the uPA system, facilitating the migration and invasion of cancer cells in the metastatic process. The role for IL-1? in HGF-induced upregulation of uPA was determined by knockdown of IL-1? with IL-1? shRNA and a chromatin immune precipitation assay. The levels of IL-1? and uPA were upregulated in cells treated with HGF in a dose-dependent manner. HGF-induced upregulation of uPA was suppressed by IL-1? knockdown. HGF enhanced the binding activity of NF-?B to the uPA promoter in control cells, but not in the IL-1? shRNA cells. We confirmed the functional role of HGF inactivation of the uPA promoter by a reporter gene assay. Downregulation of IL-1? using IL-1? shRNA also decreased cell proliferation and in vitro cell invasion. IL-1? stimulated uPA expression through ERK and NF-?B in gastric cancer, which may therefore be promising targets for gastric cancer therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiles in human breast cancer cells after multifraction and single-dose radiation treatment. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that contribute to modulating signaling pathways after radiation exposure and have emerged as a potential therapeutic target or biomarker in the radiation response of cancer. Exposing breast cancer cells to single-dose (SD) or multifractionated (MF) radiation may affect the cells differently. However, the roles of miRNAs in breast cancer cells after the response to SD or MF is not thoroughly understood. Therefore, the purpose of the present study was to comprehensively investigate the response of miRNAs in MDA-MB-361 by using various radiation exposing protocols. Our results revealed that only a small fraction of miRNAs exhibiting differential expressions (>1.5?fold) was identified after MDA-MB-361 cells were exposed to SD (10 Gy) or MF radiation (2 Gy x 5 MF). In addition, we observed that several miRNAs in the MDA-MB-361 cells frequently exhibited differential responses to various types of radiation treatment. Among these miRNAs, the expression levels of an oncogenic miR-17-92 cluster increased following SD radiation treatment. Conversely, miR-19a-3p, miR-20a-5p, and miR-19b-3p expressions were inhibited by >1.5-fold in the following MF treatment. Further analysis of the miR-17-92 cluster expression levels revealed that miR-17, miR-18a, miR-19a/b and miR-20a were significantly overexpressed and miR-92a was downregulated in breast cancer. Functional annotation demonstrated that target genes of the miR-17-92 cluster were predominantly involved in the regulation of radiation-associated signal pathways such as mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), ErbB, p53, Wnt, transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?), mTOR signaling pathways and cell cycles with an FDR <0.05. Overall, the results of the present study revealed distinct differences in the response of miRNAs to SD and MF radiation exposure, and these radiation-associated miRNAs may contribute to radiosensitivity and can be used as biomarkers for radiotherapy."	1
"Title: Effects of MACC1 siRNA on biological behaviors of HeLa. Abstract: Metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 (MACC1) has been shown to play a critical role in several types of cancer. The purposes of this study were to evaluate MACC1 expression in cervical cancer and determine role of MACC1 small interference RNA (siRNA) in the growth and progression of cervical cancer. Methods: Immunohistochemical analysis of MACC1 expression was performed in different cervical lesion tissues. siRNA knockdown of MACC1 was performed. Cytoskeletal staining, RT-PCR, Western blot technology, transwell migration, MTT, and flow cytometry were used for identification of the functional roles of MACC1 siRNA in HeLa cells. Results: Immunohistochemistry demonstrated that MACC1 overexpression was detected in cervical cancer tissues. MACC1 siRNA transfection remarkably affected HeLa cell biological behaviors. Expression of MACC1 in HeLa cells was significantly down-regulated by MACC1 siRNA. In addition, knockdown of MACC1 in HeLa cells caused a significant decrease in cell proliferation or migration, and increased cell apoptosis rate. Flow cytometry showed that MACC1 siRNA may inhibit cell proliferation by interfering with cell mitosis and cell cycle progression. Conclusions: These results suggest that MACC1 is a novel biomarker for cervical cancer diagnosis and a target for therapeutic interventions. Decreasing MACC1 expression by siRNA may prove to be an effective genetic therapy strategy."	1
"Title: Overexpressed FOXC2 in ovarian cancer enhances the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and invasion of ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a highly invasive and metastatic disease with poor prognosis, particularly if this disease is diagnosed at an advanced stage, which is often the case. Researchers have argued that ovarian cancer cells that have undergone epithelial?to?mesenchymal transition (EMT) acquire aggressive malignant properties; however, the relevant molecular mechanisms in this setting are poorly understood. In cancer cases, the transcription factor forkhead box protein C2 (FOXC2) has been detected, but the function of this factor in ovarian cancer tumorigenesis remains unclear. In the present study, FOXC2 was overexpressed in invasive ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues. The invasive potential of ovarian cancer cells was significantly increased by ectopic FOXC2 expression but it was significantly decreased by RNA interference targeting FOXC2. E?cadherin and vimentin expression levels were modulated by FOXC2. These results indicated that FOXC2 was required for the maintenance of the mesenchymal phenotype after TGF??1 induced EMT in human ovarian cancer cells. Thus, FOXC2 or its associated gene expression program may provide an effective target for anti-EMT-based therapies. These therapies can then be performed to treat invasive ovarian tumor."	1
"Title: SOX2 promotes the migration and invasion of laryngeal cancer cells by induction of MMP-2 via the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway. Abstract: SOX2 is a high mobility group box containing transcription factor that has been reported to be aberrantly overexpressed in various human malignancies, including laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC). However, the potential role of SOX2 in LSCC migration and invasion remains to be elucidated. In the present study, we generated stable transformants of human LSCC cells constitutively overexpressing SOX2 and investigated the effects of SOX2 overexpression on migration and invasion in LSCC cells as well as the possible underlying mechanisms. We found that ectopic overexpression of SOX2 in LSCC cells enhanced their migratory and invasive ability in vitro, accompanied by increased expression and activity of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2. Meanwhile, SOX2-induced cell migration and invasion were significantly abrogated by a neutralizing anti-MMP-2 antibody or small interfering RNA targeting MMP-2. Furthermore, overexpression of SOX2 induced phosphorylation of Akt and mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), which are downstream effectors of the PI3K pathway. Finally, LY294002, an inhibitor of PI3K, also markedly abolished SOX2-induced activation of the Akt/mTOR pathway and increased cell invasion and MMP-2 expression. Taken together, we conclude that SOX2 promotes migration and invasion of laryngeal cancer cells by inducing MMP-2 via the PI3K/Akt/mTOR pathway. Our findings suggest that SOX2 may serve as a potential therapeutic target for LSCC."	1
"Title: Expression and significance of the novel tumor-suppressor gene SMG-1 in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Recent studies have demonstrated that SMG-1, a newly characterized member of the family of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase-related protein kinases (PIKKs), is involved in tumorigenesis as a new tumor suppressor. However, its expression and significance in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remain obscure. The present study investigated SMG-1 expression in HCC tissue specimens, aimed at defining the association with clinicopathological significance. Both immunohistochemistry and qRT-PCR were employed to analyze SMG-1 expression in 157 HCC and corresponding distant normal tissue specimens. The results revealed that expression of SMG-1 was significantly lower in the HCC tissue specimens than that in the distant normal tissues. Moreover, a lower expression level of SMG-1 was significantly correlated with serum ?-fetoprotein level (P=0.001), poorly differentiated tumors (P=0.009) and more advanced TNM stage (P<0.001). Further study showed that SMG-1 expression was exactly associated with tumor differentiation and clinical stage in HCC. Kaplan-Meier analysis indicated that low SMG-1 expression was related to poor overall survival, and the prognostic impact of SMG-1 was further confirmed by stratified survival analysis. Importantly, multivariate analysis revealed that low SMG-1 expression was an independent prognostic marker for an unfavorable overall survival. We conclude that SMG-1 is downregulated in HCC and may represent a promising biomarker for predicting the prognosis of HCC, including the prognosis of early-stage patients."	1
"Title: Gene silencing of NOB1 by lentivirus suppresses growth and migration of human osteosarcoma cells. Abstract: NIN1/RPN12 binding protein 1 homolog (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) (NOB1) encodes a chaperone protein that joins the 20S proteasome with the 19S regulatory particle in the nucleus and facilitates the biogenesis of the 26S proteasome, which plays a role in maintaining cellular homeostasis by controlling protein degradation. In order to investigate the role of NOB1 in osteosarcoma, NOB1 protein expression in human osteosarcoma cell lines was assessed using western blot analysis. Lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA was employed to knock down NOB1, and the effects of NOB1 silencing on cell growth were assessed using MTT, colony formation and cell cycle assays. Cell migration was observed using the Transwell assay. In addition, the expression levels of E-cadherin and ?-catenin were examined by western blot analysis. Functional analysis indicated that NOB1-knockdown markedly inhibited cell growth and caused G2/M-phase arrest in human osteosarcoma cells. Furthermore, NOB1 inhibition decreased cell migration and increased E-cadherin and ?-catenin expression in U2OS cells. In conclusion, the present study suggested that NOB1 depletion may inhibit osteosarcoma development by increasing E-cadherin and ?-catenin expression and, for the first time, indicated the potential of NOB1 as a target in osteosarcoma treatment."	1
"Title: Doxorubicin induces drug resistance and expression of the novel CD44st via NF-?B in human breast cancer MCF-7 cells. Abstract: CD44, a major receptor for hyaluronan (HA), is a member of a class of adhesion molecules of unknown classification involved in cell proliferation, differentiation, migration, angiogenesis, and the presentation of specific cytokines to the corresponding receptors as well as in cell signaling transduction. It has recently been discovered that CD44, a marker of tumor stem cells, is involved in the drug resistance and invasion of multiple types of tumors. The 20 exons in the CD44 gene that are alternatively spliced, give rise to many CD44 isoforms, possibly including tumor-specific sequences. Dozens of CD44 isoforms have been found, to date, and the standard CD44 (CD44s) isoform is the most common. We recently showed that a novel short-tail isoform of CD44 (CD44st) was expressed in multidrug-resistant human breast cancer MCF-7/Adr cells. Moreover, the novel CD44st was able to interact with HA and regulate the expression of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2 and MMP-9, which increased the invasive capability of MCF-7 cells through the Ras/MAPK signaling pathway. In the present study, we verified that MCF-7 cells subjected to drug pressure develop multidrug resistance to doxorubicin, and the expression levels of multidrug resistance protein 1 (MDR1), CD44st and nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) mRNA and protein were gradually upregulated in a dose?dependent manner in MCF-7 cells treated with doxorubicin. HA increases the secretion of MMP-2 and MMP-9 in multidrug-resistant MCF-7 cells and affected the invasive ability of MCF-7 cells through the upregulation of CD44st expression, and such an effect was blocked by the NF-?B-specific inhibitor BMS-345541."	1
"Title: Shikonin blocks migration and invasion of human breast cancer cells through inhibition of matrix metalloproteinase-9 activation. Abstract: Shikonin, a natural naphthoquinone isolated from a traditional Chinese medicinal herb, has been reported to promote tumor cell death. However, there are few reports concerning its effect on metastasis-related cell invasion and migration behavior. In the present study, we investigated the effect of shikonin on human breast cancer invasion and migration. We found that shikonin inhibited phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA)-induced cell migration and invasion in MCF-7 breast cancer cells, which was correlated with modulation of matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9) through suppression of both expression and proteolytic and promoter activity. We also found that shikonin inhibited both MMP-9 expression and promoter activity in MDA-MB?231 cells with high metastatic potential. These results indicated that shikonin induces the suppression of migration and invasion through modulation of MMP-9 in human breast cancer cells. Therefore, shikonin may be a potential anticancer drug for human breast cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Downregulation of miR-221/222 enhances sensitivity of breast cancer cells to tamoxifen through upregulation of TIMP3. Abstract: Aberrantly expressed microRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in breast tumorigenesis. It is still unclear if and how miRNAs-221/222 are implicated in breast cancer and the resistance to estrogen receptor modulator tamoxifen. We investigated the roles and mechanisms of miR-221/222 in breast cancer cells, particularly in modulating response to tamoxifen therapy. MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells were transfected with antisense oligonucleotides AS-miR-221 and AS-miR-222 and their expression of miR-221 and miR-222 was assessed. The correlation of miR-221/222 with tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-3 (TIMP3) expression was investigated by fluorescence quantitative PCR and western blotting analysis. The therapeutic sensitivity of these cells, transfected and untransfected, to tamoxifen was determined. Transfection of AS-miR-221 and AS-miR-222 dramatically inhibited expression of miR-221 and miR-222, respectively, in both MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 cells (P<0.05-0.01). Downregulation of miR-221/222 significantly increased the expression of TIMP3 compared with controls (P<0.05-0.01). The viability of estrogen receptor (ER)-positive MCF-7 cells transfected with AS-miR-221 or/and AS-miR-222 was significantly reduced by tamoxifen (P<0.05-0.01). We have demonstrated for the first time that suppression of miRNA-221/222 increases the sensitivity of ER-positive MCF-7 breast cancer cells to tamoxifen. This effect is mediated through upregulation of TIMP3. These findings suggest that upregulation of TIMP3 via inhibition of miRNA-221/222 could be a promising therapeutic approach for breast cancer."	1
"Title: Overexpression of flotillin-1 is involved in proliferation and recurrence of bladder transitional cell carcinoma. Abstract: Flotillin-1 (FLOT1) is known to have a role in tumorigenesis; however, the effect of FLOT1 on proliferation and recurrence of human transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) is unclear. Samples from 156 TCC patients and 142 patients undergoing open bladder surgery for indications other than TCC were used in the present study. FLOT1 protein expression was determined by immunohistochemistry and western blot analysis, and mRNA expression was detected by RT-PCR and real-time PCR. A FLOT1-expressing pcDEF3 vector was stably transfected into 4 TCC cell lines and FLOT1 expression was decreased by RNAi. Proliferative analysis of TCC cells was detected by the WST-1 assay and a xenograft model using BALB/C nude mice. The association between FLOT1 expression and TCC recurrence was also analyzed by adhesion, migration and invasion assays. FLOT1 expression in TCC was significantly overexpressed compared to normal urothelial tissue, and the level of FLOT1 expression was significantly correlated with tumor size, pathologic grade, clinical stage and recurrence. In addition, FLOT1 significantly increased the proliferative ability of TCC cells in vitro and in vivo. TCC cells with a high level of FLOT1 expression exhibited a higher level of adhesion, migration and invasion. FLOT1 expression was shown to be upregulated in human TCC. These findings suggest that FLOT1 plays an important role in the proliferation and recurrence of TCC and that silencing FLOT1 expression might be a novel therapeutic strategy."	1
"Title: Reduced BMP6 expression by DNA methylation contributes to EMT and drug resistance in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Bone morphogenetic protein 6 (BMP6) is an important regulator of cell growth, differentiation and apoptosis in various types of tumor. In breast cancer, it was considered as a tumor suppressor. Our previous study also confirmed that BMP6 was a critical regulator of breast cancer drug resistance. However, little is known about how its expression is regulated and its mechanisms in breast cancer drug resistance. In the present study, we assessed the DNA methylation regulation of BMP6 based on the presence of a large CpG island in the BMP6 gene promoter. Quantitative DNA methylation analyses showed a significantly increased DNA methylation level in the drug-resistant cell line MCF-7/ADR compared to their parental cells MCF-7. Moreover, the drug-resistant cell line MCF-7/ADR showed an EMT phenotype confirmed by morphology and the expression of EMT marker gene. MCF-7 cells transfected with BMP6-specific shRNA vector also showed an EMT phenotype. The MCF-7/ADR cells treated with the recombinant BMP6 proteins reversed their EMT phenotype. These data indicated that hypermethylation modifications contributed to the regulation of BMP6 and induced an EMT phenotype of breast cancer during the acquisition of drug resistance."	1
"Title: CD166 plays a pro-carcinogenic role in liver cancer cells via inhibition of FOXO proteins through AKT. Abstract: Cluster of differentiation 166 (CD166) is a cell surface membrane protein, which is regarded as a valuable prognostic marker in several types of epithelial tumors. We previously reported that CD166 exerts its pro-carcinogenic role by enhancing YAP function in liver cancer cells. However, YAP cannot completely rescue the increased anti?carcinogenic effects by gene silencing of CD166, whose downstream effectors require further investigation. Here, we found that knockdown of CD166 inhibits phosphorylation of anti-carcinogenic FOXO proteins. Overexpression of CD166 led, not only to a faster protein degradation rate, but also a more accumulated ubiquitination of FOXO compared to the control. Moreover, overexpression of CD166 facilitated FOXO protein localization from the nuclear fraction to the cytosolic fraction, suggesting that CD166 modulates FOXO protein stability through alteration of their subcellular localization. In addition, simultaneous overexpression of CD166 partially reversed the evoked anti-carcinogenic effects by overexpression of FOXO both in vitro and in vivo. Furthermore, CD166 knockdown?induced anti?carcinogenic effects and dephosphorylation of FOXO proteins were rescued by overexpression of AKT. In liver cancer tissues, we also observed that higher expression levels of CD166, phospho-AKT, total AKT and phospho?FOXO were correlated with lower expression levels of total FOXO, suggesting that the upregulation of CD166 leads to the activation of AKT, which in turn facilitates phosphorylation and degradation of FOXO. Taken together, our data demonstrate that AKT is an inter-mediator between the upstream regulator, CD166, and downstream effector, FOXO, in liver cancer cells. Disrupting the relationship between CD166 and the AKT/FOXO axis may serve as a novel therapeutic target for liver cancer patients."	1
"Title: Plasmid-based Stat3-specific siRNA and GRIM-19 inhibit the growth of thyroid cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: It has been shown that overexpression of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3) contribute to the progression and metastasis of various solid tumors and that silencing Stat3 inhibits tumor growth in several types of cancer. Gene associated with retinoid-IFN-induced mortality 19 (GRIM-19), a Stat3-inhibitory protein, was identified as a potential tumor suppressor associated with growth inhibition and cell apoptosis by targeting the transcription factor Stat3 for inhibition. However, little is known about Stat3 and GRIM-19 roles in the tumor growth of thyroid carcinoma cells. In the present study, we developed a dual expression plasmid that co-expressed Stat3-specific siRNA and GRIM-19 (pSi-Stat3-GRIM-19) and transfected it into SW579 cells (thyroid carcinoma cell line) to evaluate its effects on cell proliferation, cell apoptosis, cell migration and cell invasion in vitro and tumor growth in vivo. Simultaneous expression of pSi-Stat3-GRIM-19 in SW579 cancer cells was found to significantly suppress the proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and tumor growth in vivo, when compared to the controls either Stat3-specific siRNA or GRIM-19 alone. In conclusion, our data demonstrated that a combined strategy of co-expressed Stat3-specific siRNA and GRIM19 synergistically and more effectively suppressed thyroid tumor growth, and have therapeutic potential for the treatment of thyroid cancer."	1
"Title: Gene expression profiling of HL-60 cells following knockdown of nucleostemin using DNA microarrays. Abstract: Nucleostemin (NS) plays an important role in tumorigenesis and progression. Most studies consider that NS plays its role through combining with p53 and inhibiting it, however our previous studies revealed that NS could also function without the existence of p53. To date, few studies have focused on the p53-independent pathway of NS, and its molecular mechanism remains unknown. The aim of the present study was to investigate the p53-independent pathway of NS in the human acute myeloid leukemia cell line HL-60 which was p53-null by using the DNA microarray technique. Lentivirus-mediated RNA interference technique was used to knock down NS expression in HL-60 cells, and then DNA microarray and bioinformatics were used to analyze the gene expression profiling changes. The microarray data showed that after knocking down NS in HL-60 cells, 2,628 differentially expressed genes were identified through ? 2 or ? 0.5-fold-change, in which 818 genes were upregulated and 1,810 genes were downregulated. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) validated the reliability of DNA microarray data. Pathway analysis showed extensive signal pathways in HL-60 cells were influenced by inhibiting NS expression. In particular, the inhibition of PI3K-AKT pathway, JAK-STAT pathway, RAS-RAF-MEK-ERK1/2 pathway and activation of JNK pathway, p38 MAPK pathway may associate with the apoptosis of HL-60 cells after knocking down NS. The findings of this study provide insight to further explore the specific molecular mechanism of NS function in p53-null leukemia and they also lay the foundations for exploring new therapeutic targets for p53-null leukemia and even p53-null tumors."	1
"Title: miR-145 inhibits invasion of bladder cancer cells by targeting PAK1. Abstract: MicroRNAs play important roles in cancer. In many cancers, miR-145 acts as a tumor suppressor, and it is down-regulated in bladder cancer. In the present study, we explored the modulation of oncogenic gene PAK1 by miR-145 in bladder cancer. Material and methods: Expression of miR-145 was detected in bladder cancer tissues and cell lines by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Through the bioinformatics approach, PAK1 has been predicted to be a direct target of miR-145 and was confirmed by the PAK1 messenger RNA 3'-untranslated region luciferase activity assay. To investigate whether miR-145 regulates PAK1 expression, it was overexpressed in J82 and T24 bladder cancer cells. In 10 paired bladder normal and tumor tissues, we determined the relationship between miR-145 and PAK1 through quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot. By using transwell invasion assay and western blotting analysis, we investigated the effects of miR-145 and PAK1 on bladder cancer cell invasion and expression of invasion marker genes. Results: The level of miR-145 decreases and PAK1 protein expression up-regulates in bladder cancer tissue, as compared with the paired normal bladder tissue. Moreover, miR-145 directly targets PAK1 in bladder cancer cells. The level of miR-145 negatively correlates with PAK1 protein expression in bladder cancer. In addition, PAK1 promotes invasion and enhances the expression and activity of MMP-9, whereas miR-145 inhibits bladder cancer cell invasion and expressions of PAK1 and MMP-9. Conclusions: Our results indicate that miR-145 inhibits bladder cancer cell invasion, at least partly through targeting PAK1. Restoration or replacement of miR-145 could be an efficient approach to inhibit PAK1 and bladder cancer development in the tumor therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-26a inhibits cell proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells by targeting protein tyrosine phosphatase type IVA 1. Abstract: The downregulation of microRNA?26a (miR?26a) has been reported in numerous types of cancer, but its detailed functional role in cervical cancer is not yet clear. In the present study, the expression of miR?26a in human cervical cancer was confirmed and its contribution to cervical cancer progression was investigated. The expression of miR?26a was determined by reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction in human cervical tissues and cell lines. Cell growth and invasion were detected by cell counting kit?8, colony?forming assays and transwell assays following restoration of miR?26a expression. Protein tyrosine phosphatase type IVA 1 (PRL?1) was further validated as a target of miR?26a by a functional luciferase assay and western blot analysis. In addition, the overexpression of miR?26a in tumor formation in SCID mice was investigated in vivo, and the association between miR?26a and PRL?1 was assayed by Pearson's correlation coefficient. First, it was identified that miR?26a was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer compared with the paired adjacent tissues. Forced expression of miR?26a suppressed cell proliferation and invasion in vitro and inhibited the growth of tumor xenografts in vivo. PRL?1 was determined as a novel target for miR?26a and knockdown of PRL?1 partially phenocopied the effect of miR?26a restoration. In addition, PRL?1 expression was inversely correlated with miR?26a expression in cervical cancer tissues. In conclusion, the results demonstrated the role of miR?26a in cervical cancer pathogenesis and suggest it may be used as a potential novel therapeutic strategy for cervical cancer."	1
"Title: E2F1 acts as a negative feedback regulator of c-Myc?induced hTERT transcription during tumorigenesis. Abstract: Since induction of hTERT expression and subsequent telomerase activation play a critical role in the multistep process of tumorigenesis, a better understanding of hTERT regulation may provide not only a rationale for the molecular basis of cancer progression but also a path to the development of cancer prevention. The c-Myc oncoprotein can function effectively in activating the transcriptional expression of hTERT through E-box elements on its promoter. E2F transcription factor 1 (E2F1) was found to be a repressor of hTERT transcription by directly binding to its promoter, thereby inhibiting hTERT protein expression. For the extensively crosstalk between c-Myc and E2F1 signals, which is now known to be vital to cell fate, we speculated that E2F1 may play a negative regulatory role in c-Myc-induced hTERT transcription. In the present study, we chose to use human embryonic fibroblast cells as an experimental model system, and present evidence that the E2F1 transcription factor constitutes a negative regulatory system to limit c-Myc transcriptional activation of hTERT in normal cells. Furthermore, we demonstrated that upregulation of the miR-17-92 cluster (miR-20a/miR-17-5p) is involved in the regulation of E2F1-mediated negative feedback of the c-Myc/hTERT pathway. Our results not only reveal novel insights into how normal cells control the transmission of c-Myc-mediated oncogenic signals, but also further establish E2F1 as an important molecular target for cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Knockdown of CXCR7 inhibits proliferation and invasion of osteosarcoma cells through inhibition of the PI3K/Akt and ?-arrestin pathways. Abstract: CXC chemokine receptor 7 (CXCR7) has been implicated in tumor development and metastasis in multiple malignancies. Yet, the function and molecular mechanisms of CXCR7 in human osteosarcoma (OS) are still unclear. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of CXCR7 in human OS. The expression of CXCR7 was assessed by immunohistochemical assay using a tissue microarray procedure in 45 cases of OS tissues. A loss?of-function approach was used to observe the effects of lentiviral vector-mediated CXCR7 siRNA (Lv-siCXCR7) on biological behaviors including proliferative activities and invasive potential, as indicated by MTT and Transwell assays in OS (MG-63 and U-2 OS) cells. The results showed that the expression of CXCR7 protein in OS tissues was significantly increased compared to that in adjacent non-cancerous tissues (68.9 vs. 53.3%, P=0.033), and was correlated with the distant metastasis of the tumors (P=0.004). Knockdown of CXCR7 suppressed proliferation and invasion of OS cells through decreased expression of PI3K, AKT, ?-arrestin, proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), and matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9). In addition, the tumor volume in U-2 OS subcutaneous tumor models treated with Lv-siCXCR7 was significantly smaller than the tumor volume in the negative control group (P<0.01). Collectively, our findings indicate that upregulation of CXCR7 expression is correlated with distant metastasis of OS, while knockdown of CXCR7 blocks the development of OS cells through inhibition of the PI3K/AKT and ?-arrestin pathways, suggesting that CXCR7 may serve as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of cancer."	1
"Title: Knockdown of nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 by lentivirus induces differentiation of glioma stem-like cells. Abstract: Glioma stem cells (GSCs) are key in the progression and recurrence of glioblastoma. Inducing the differentiation of GSCs is an important therapeutic target for glioblastoma. Nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) has been reported to be important in maintaining the stem cell status of GSCs; however, its association with differentiation has not been studied. Herein, we knocked down Nrf2 from GSCs to investigate the role of Nrf2 in the differentiation of GSCs. First, Nrf2 expression was observed at different stages of differentiation; then, Nrf2 was knocked down and the association of Nrf2 with differentiation degree was observed in vitro. Finally, GSCs were planted in nude mice to study the association of Nrf2 with differentiation in vivo. The expression of Nrf2 decreased with the differentiation process. Following Nrf2 knockdown, the proportion of sphere-like colonies decreased and the dendritic cells in spheres increased; the expression of Nrf2 significantly decreased while the expression of differentiation marker glial fibrillary acidic protein (GFAP) and ?III-tubulin increased both at the protein and the gene level. In the xenografts of nude mice, the differentiation of tumor cells was improved. These results suggest that Nrf2 is a key factor inhibiting the differentiation of GSCs, and knockdown of Nrf2 may promote the differentiation process, providing a therapy target for GSCs."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-217 functions as a tumour suppressor gene and correlates with cell resistance to cisplatin in lung cancer. Abstract: MiR-217 can function as an oncogene or a tumour suppressor gene depending on cell type. However, the function of miR-217 in lung cancer remains unclear to date. This study aims to evaluate the function of miR-217 in lung cancer and investigate its effect on the sensitivity of lung cancer cells to cisplatin. The expression of miR-217 was detected in 100 patients by real-time PCR. The effects of miR-217 overexpression on the proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion of SPC-A-1 and A549 cells were investigated. The target gene of miR-217 was predicted by Targetscan online software, screened by dual luciferase reporter gene assay and demonstrated by Western blot. Finally, the effects of miR-217 up-regulation on the sensitivity of A549 cells to cisplatin were determined. The expression of miR-217 was significantly lower in lung cancer tissues than in noncancerous tissues (p < 0.001). The overexpression of miR-217 significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion as well as promoted the apoptosis of lung cancer cells by targeting KRAS. The up-regulation of miR-217 enhanced the sensitivity of SPC-A-1 and A549 cells to cisplatin. In conclusion, miR-217 suppresses tumour development in lung cancer by targeting KRAS and enhances cell sensitivity to cisplatin. Our results encourage researchers to use cisplatin in combination with miR-217 to treat lung cancer. This regime might lead to low-dose cisplatin application and cisplatin side-effect reduction."	1
"Title: Inhibition of protein phosphatase 5 (PP5) suppresses survival and growth of colorectal cancer cells. Abstract: Protein phosphatase 5 (PP5) is a unique member of the protein phosphatases family that functions in multiple signaling pathways involved in DNA damage, cell cycle control, cell growth, and apoptosis. Recent evidence indicated that PP5 may play a role in cancer progression. In this study, we aimed to examine the biological effect of PP5 on cell growth and apoptosis in human colorectal cancer (CRC). We first knocked down PP5 expression in RKO cells via a short hairpin RNA containing lentivirus system. Then, methylthiazoletetrazolium assay, colony formation assay, and flow cytometry analysis were performed. The proliferation and colony formation ability of RKO cells were remarkably suppressed in PP5-silenced groups, as compared with control groups. Moreover, downregulation of PP5 resulted in a significant G0/G1 phase cell cycle arrest and an induction of apoptosis. In all, these results demonstrated the importance of PP5 in CRC cell growth, and it might be used as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of CRC."	1
"Title: KLF8 is required for bladder cancer cell proliferation and migration. Abstract: Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) belongs to the Sp/KLF family of transcription factors. Recently, it is affirmed that KLF8 plays an important role in the regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition, which is a key process that occurs during cancer metastasis. Although the overexpression of KLF8 has been observed in several types of human cancers, the functional role of KLF8 in human bladder cancer remains unknown. Here, we investigated the effects of KLF8 knockdown on bladder cancer cell proliferation and migration in vitro. Lentivirus-mediated small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting KLF8 specifically downregulated its expression in T24 and BT5637 bladder cancer cells. Knockdown of KLF8 significantly inhibit cell proliferation and colony formation. Cell cycle analysis showed that knockdown of KLF8 arrested T24 cells in the G0/G1 phase. Moreover, cell migration was attenuated in T24 cells after KLF8 knockdown. Furthermore, knockdown of KLF8 resulted in a reduction in vimentin and N-cadherin expression and an increase in ?-catenin expression. These results indicate that KLF8 plays a crucial role in proliferation and migration of bladder cancer cells, and inhibition of KLF8 by siRNA may provide a potential therapeutic approach for gene therapy in bladder cancer."	1
"Title: Knockdown of GPR137 by RNAi inhibits pancreatic cancer cell growth and induces apoptosis. Abstract: G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs), the largest family of cell-surface molecules involved in a number of biological and pathological processes, have recently emerged as key players in carcinogenesis and cancer progression. Orphan G protein-coupled receptors (oGPCRs) are a group of proteins lacking endogenous ligands. GPR137, one of the novel oGPCR genes, was discovered by homology screening. However, the biological role of GPR137 in cancers has not yet been discussed and is of great therapeutic interest. In this study, we knocked down GPR137 via a lentivirus system in two human pancreatic cancer cell lines BXPC-3 and PANC-1. Knockdown of GPR137 strongly inhibited cell proliferation and colony formation. Flow cytometry showed that cell cycle was arrested in the sub-G1 phase and apoptotic cells were significantly increased after GPR137 knockdown. Western blotting confirmed that GPR137 silencing induced apoptosis due to cleavage of PARP (poly ADP-ribose polymerase) and upregulation of caspase 3. Furthermore, lentivirus-mediated overexpression of GPR137 promoted the proliferation of PANC-1 cells, suggesting GPR137 as a potential oncogene in pancreatic cancer cells. Taken together, our results prove the importance of GPR137 as a crucial regulator in controlling cancer cell growth and apoptosis."	1
"Title: G-protein-coupled receptor 137 accelerates proliferation of urinary bladder cancer cells in vitro. Abstract: Urinary bladder cancer is a worldwide concern because of its level of incidence and recurrence. To search an effective therapeutic strategy for urinary bladder cancer, it is important to identify proteins involved in tumorigenesis that could serve as potential targets for diagnosis and treatment. G-protein-coupled receptors (GPRs) constitute a large protein family of receptors that sense molecules outside the cell and activate signal transduction pathways and cellular responses inside the cell. GPR137 is a newly discovered human gene encoding orphan GPRs. In this study, we aimed to investigate the physiological role of GPR137 in urinary bladder cancer. The effect of GPR137 on cell growth was examined via an RNA interference (RNAi) lentivirus system in two human urinary bladder cancer cell lines BT5637 and T24. Lentivirus-mediated RNAi could specifically suppressed GPR137 expression in vitro, resulting in alleviated cell viability and impaired colony formation, as well as blocks G0/G1 and S phases of the cell cycle. These results suggested GPR137 as an essential player in urinary bladder cancer cell growth, and it may serve as a potential target for gene therapy in the treatment of urinary bladder cancer."	1
"Title: Inhibition of GPR137 suppresses proliferation of medulloblastoma cells in vitro. Abstract: Medulloblastoma is the most common malignant pediatric brain tumor in children. GPR137 is a ubiquitously expressed gene in the central nervous system. It has been reported that GPR137 modulates malignant proliferation of glioma cells. However, the relationship between GPR137 and medulloblastoma is still unknown. In this study, we knocked down GPR137 in the medulloblastoma cell line Daoy via a lentivirus-based RNA interference system to explore its role in medulloblastoma. Functional analyses showed that cell proliferation and colony formation were obviously restrained in Daoy cells after GPR137 knockdown. Furthermore, knockdown of GPR137 in Daoy cells led to a significant increase in cell percentage in the G0/G1 phase but a decrease in the S phase. Additionally, the cell population in the sub-G1 phase, which represents apoptotic cells, was remarkably increased in GPR137 knockdown cells. GPR137 inhibition induced a strong proapoptotic effect in Daoy cells, as confirmed by annexin V-APC/7-AAD double staining. In conclusion, GPR137 knockdown inhibited growth of Daoy medulloblastoma cells via disturbing cell cycle progression and inducing apoptosis. Our investigation suggested that GPR137 could be a potential oncogene in medulloblastoma cells and might serve as a target for the treatment of medulloblastoma."	1
"Title: siRNA silencing EZH2 reverses cisplatin-resistance of human non-small cell lung and gastric cancer cells. Abstract: Clinical resistance to chemotherapeutic agents is one of the major hindrances in the treatment of human cancers. EHZ2 is involved in drug resistance and is overexpressed in drug-resistant cancer cell lines. In this study, we investigated the effects of EHZ2 on cisplatin -resistance in A549/DDP and AGS/DDP cells. EHZ2 mRNA and protein were found to be significantly overexpressed in A549/DDP and AGS/DDP cells, compared to parental cells. EHZ2 siRNA successfully silenced EHZ2 mRNA and protein expression. Proliferation was inhibited and drug resistance to cisplatin was improved. Flow cytometry showed that silencing of EHZ2 arrested A549/DDP and AGS/DDP cells in the G0/G1 phase, increasing apoptosis, rh-123 fluorescence intensity and caspase-3/8 activities. Silencing of EHZ2 also significantly reduced the mRNA and protein expression levels of cyclin D1 and MDR1,while up-regulating p15, p21, p27 and miR-218 in A549/DPP cells. Furthermore, silencing of EHZ2 also significantly increased the expression level of tumor suppressor factor miR-218. We also found down-regulating EHZ2 expression increased methylation in A549/DDP and AGS/DDP cells. This study demonstrates that drug resistance can be effectively reversed in human cisplatin-resistant lung and gastric cancer cells through delivery of siRNAs targeting EHZ2."	1
"Title: NOX1 mediates chemoresistance via HIF1?/MDR1 pathway in gallbladder cancer. Abstract: NADPH oxidase 1 (NOX1) plays a key role in tumorigenesis and metastasis through generating reactive oxygen species (ROS), an important intracellular signaling molecule. However, how it is expressed in gallbladder cancer (GBC) tissue sample and whether it associates with GBC chemoresistance have never been investigated. Our study analyzed the relationship between NOX1 expression and cisplatin-sensitivity both in vivo and in vitro. We found that reduced NOX1 expression promoted cisplatin efficiency in GBC-SD cells, whereas overexpression of which potentially inhibited the sensitivity of cisplatin in SGC-996 cells. Further study into the mechanism we found that increased NOX1 expression elevated intracellular ROS levels, which then activated HIF-1?/MDR1 pathway. These findings established NOX1 a novel accelerant of chemoresistance in GBC, and NOX1-targeted therapeutics might be exploited as a strategy for increasing the efficacy of cisplatin treatment."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-7 inhibits metastasis and invasion through targeting focal adhesion kinase in cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are aberrantly expressed in cervical cancer. miR-7 has been demonstrated to function as both an oncogene and a tumor suppressor in some types of human cancers. In the present study, miR-7 was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer, especially metastatic tumors. Ectopic expression of miR-7 significantly inhibited metastasis and invasion in Hela and C33A cells. Upregulated miR-7 significantly suppressed focal adhesion kinase (FAK) at transcriptional and translational levels. Furthermore, the level of FAK was negatively correlated with miR-7 in cervical cancer tissues. In conclusion, miR-7 inhibited the metastasis and invasion of cervical cancer at least partially through targeting FAK. The findings of this study provide novel insight with potential therapeutic applications for the treatment of metastatic cervical cancer."	1
"Title: Dissecting the role of the FOXP3 gene in the joint genetic susceptibility to autoimmune thyroiditis and diabetes: a genetic and functional analysis. Abstract: We have previously shown that a (TC)n microsatellite in intron 5 of the Forkhead Box Protein 3 (FOXP3) gene was associated with a variant of the autoimmune polyglandular syndrome type 3 (APS3v), that is defined as the co-occurrence of type 1 diabetes (T1D) and autoimmune thyroiditis (AITD). Allele 10, containing 25 repeats of the microsatellite (long repeats), is preferentially transmitted to offspring with APS3v, while allele 2, containing 14 repeats of the microsatellite (short repeats), is protective. We hypothesized that the long repeats of the intron 5 microsatellite decrease FOXP3 splicing and function, thereby reducing regulatory T cell activity and promoting the development of APS3v. We cloned genomic DNA from two males hemizygous for the long and short repeats of the microsatellite on their X-chromosomes and transfected them into human embryonic kidney 293 (HEK 293) cells to perform direct splicing analysis. We identified a novel splice variant of FOXP3 lacking exon 6, and showed that it is expressed in human thymus and lymph node. However, the length of the repeats in the microsatellite did not significantly influence the expression of this FOXP3 splice variant in vitro. Interestingly, this splice variant was expressed in human regulatory T cells, suggesting that it may play a role in their function. In conclusion, we identified a novel splice variant FOXP3?6. The role of its expression in regulatory T cells in the development of autoimmunity remains to be determined."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated TPD52L2 depletion inhibits the proliferation of liver cancer cells in vitro. Abstract: Tumor protein D52-like 2, known as hD54 in previous studies (TPD52L2), is a member of TPD52 family which has been implicated in multiple human cancers. In recent reports, TPD52 proteins were indicated to be associated with several malignancies, but very little is known about the function of TPD52L2 in liver cancers. In our present study, in order to explore the role of TPD52L2 in liver cancer, TPD52L2 was knocked down in SMMC-7721 liver cancer cell line by lentivirus mediated RNA interference. The results demonstrated that depletion of TPD52L2 could remarkably inhibit proliferation and colony forming ability of cancer cell SMMC-7721. Furthermore, cell cycle in TPD52L2 depleted cells was verified to be arrested in G0/G1 phase as determined by FACS assay, in consistence with the observation of cell proliferation inhibition. These results unraveled that TPD52L2 played an important role in tumorigenesis pathways of liver cancer and might serve as a promising target in human liver cancer diagnosis and therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-196a overexpression promotes cell proliferation and inhibits cell apoptosis through PTEN/Akt/FOXO1 pathway. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, non-coding, small RNAs, which play a critical role in regulating varieties of the biological and pathologic processes. MiR-196a has been reported to take part in tumorigenic progression of osteosarcoma (OS). However, the effects of miR-196a on OS are still unclear. The objective of this study is to investigate the molecular mechanism of miR-196a in osteosarcoma cells. In the present study, the expression of miR-196a in OS cell lines was detected by real-time PCR. We found that the expression level of miR-196a was markedly up-regulated in osteosarcoma cell lines compared with normal osteoblastic cells. Then, the miR-196a mimic was transiently transfected into MG63 and U2OS cells using Lipofectamine 2000 reagent. Subsequently, the MTT and Brdu-ELISA results showed that up-regulation of miR-196a promoted the cell viability and proliferation. Our results also showed that miR-196a mimic accelerated cell cycle progression of MG63 and U2OS cells by down regulation of p21 and p27, and upregulation of cyclin D1. In addition, overexpression of miR-196a suppressed apoptosis of MG63 and U2OS cells due to increasing BCL2L2 and MCL-1 expressions, and then inactivating caspase-3. Eventually, the effect of miR-196a mimic on the PTEN/phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt signaling pathway was explored by Western blot. From our results, transfection of miR-196a decreased the expression of PTEN and increased the phosphorylation of PI3K and Akt. Taken together, miR-196a should be an oncogene in osteosarcoma. The possible mechanism was that overexpression of miR-196a promoted proliferation of MG63 and U2OS cells by modulating the PTEN/PI3K/Akt signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Lentivirus mediated silencing of ubiquitin specific peptidase 39 inhibits cell proliferation of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells in vitro. Abstract: Ubiquitin Specific Peptidase 39 (USP39) is a 65 kDa SR-related protein involved in RNA splicing. Previous studies showed that USP39 is related with tumorigenesis of human breast cancer cells. Results: In the present study, we investigated the functions of USP39 in human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cell line SMMC-7721. We knocked down the expression of USP39 through lentivirus mediated RNA interference. The results of qRT-PCR and western blotting assay showed that both the mRNA and protein levels were suppressed efficiently after USP39 specific shRNA was delivered into SMMC-7721 cells. Cell growth was significantly inhibited as determined by MTT assay. Crystal violet staining indicated that colony numbers and sizes were both reduced after knock-down of USP39. Furthermore, suppression of USP39 arrested cell cycle progression at G2/M phase in SMMC-7721cells. In addition, Annexin V showed that downregulation of USP39 significantly increased the population of apoptotic cells. Conclusions: All our results suggest that USP39 is important for HCC cell proliferation and is a potential target for molecular therapy of HCC."	1
"Title: MiR-223 promotes the cisplatin resistance of human gastric cancer cells via regulating cell cycle by targeting FBXW7. Abstract: Increasing evidence showed that miRNAs serve as modulators of human cancer, either as oncogene or tumor suppressors. Cisplatin resistance is the most common cause of chemotherapy failure in gastric cancer (GC). However, the roles of miRNAs in cisplatin resistance of GC remain largely unknown. The aim of the study was to identify a novel miRNA/gene pathway that regulates the sensitivity of GC cells to cisplatin. Methods: In this study, we chose miR-223 by qRT-PCR analysis, the most significantly up-regulated miRNA in GC, to investigate its formation of DDP-resistant phenotype of GC cells and possible molecular mechanisms. Results: We found that miR-223 was most significantly up-regulated miRNA in DDP-resistant GC cells compared with parental GC cells. Besides, its expression was also significantly up-regulated in GC tissues. FBXW7 was identified as the direct and functional target gene of miR-223. Overexpression of FBXW7 could mimic the effect of miR-223 down-regulation and silencing of FBXW7 could partially reverse the effect of miR-223 down-regulation on DDP resistance of DDP-resistant GC cells. Besides, miR-223 and FBXW7 could affect the G1/S transition of cell cycle by altering some certain cell cycle regulators. Furthermore, miR-223 was found to be significantly up-regulated in H. pylori infected tissues and cells, suggesting that H. pylori infection may lead to GC development and DDP resistance. Conclusions: Our findings revealed the roles of miR-223/FBXW7 signaling in the DDP resistance of GC cells and targeting it will be a potential strategic approach for reversing the DDP resistance in human GC."	1
"Title: The clinicopathological significance of miR-1307 in chemotherapy resistant epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: We aimed to examine the expression of miR-1307 in chemosensitive and chemoresistant epithelial ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines and to analyze the clinicopathological significance of miR-1307 in ovarian cancer. Methods: MicroRNA microarray was used to screen differentially expressed microRNAs between the chemosensitive and chemoresistant epithelial ovarian cancer tissues. RT-PCR was used to validate the candidate microRNA. The potential target genes and their enriched biological pathways of microRNA were also analyzed. Dual Luciferase Reporter Gene Assay was conducted to validate the regulation of miRNA-1307 on the 3'-UTR of DAPK3. Results: miRNA-1307 was up-regulated in the chemoresistant epithelial ovarian cancer tissues compared to the chemosensitive counterparts. The up-regulation of miRNA-1307 was not associated with menopause, tumor differentiation state, clinical stage, and lymph node metastasis of ovarian cancer. Gene ontology analysis of miR-1307 candidate target genes indicated that miR-1307 candidate target genes were enriched in the processes of cell proliferation and differentiation, nucleotide synthesis and metabolism, and lymphocytes activation. Conclusion: Our results suggest that miRNA-1307 may play a role in the development of chemoresistance in ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: miR-145 mediates the antiproliferative and gene regulatory effects of vitamin D3 by directly targeting E2F3 in gastric cancer cells. Abstract: VitaminD3 signaling is involved in inhibiting the development and progression of gastric cancer (GC), while the active vitamin D metabolite 1-alpha,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25(OH)2D3)-mediated gene regulatory mechanisms in GC remain unclear. We found that miR-145 is induced by 1,25(OH)2D3 in a dose- and vitamin D receptor (VDR)-dependent manner in GC cells. Inhibition of miR-145 reverses the antiproliferative effect of 1,25(OH)2D3. Furthermore, miR-145 expression was lower in tumors compared with matched normal samples and correlated with increased the E2F3 transcription factor protein staining. Overexpression of miR-145 inhibited colony formation, cell viability and induced cell arrest in S-phase in GC cells by targeting E2F3 and CDK6. miR-145 inhibition consistently abrogates the 1,25(OH)2D3-mediated suppression of E2F3, CDK6, CDK2 and CCNA2 genes. Altogether, our results indicate that miR-145 mediates the antiproliferative and gene regulatory effects of vitamin D3 in GC cells and might hold promise for prognosis and therapeutic strategies for GC treatment."	1
"Title: TGF-?/Smad2/3 signal pathway involves in U251 cell proliferation and apoptosis. Abstract: TGF-?/Smad2/3 signal pathway is regarded as a central regulator in various tumors, but its roles in brain cancer therapy remain unknown. In this study, we identify that the TGF-?/Smad2/3 signal pathway is activated in human brain glioma cells; inhibitor (SB203580) and siRNA against Smad2/3 quickly inhibited the phosphorylation of Smad2 and 3, expression of its major downstream gene, Ki-67, arrested cells in the G2/M phase and induced apoptosis of cells. The findings suggest that TGF-?/Smad2/3 pathway plays a key role in U251 cell growth and metastasis, which suggests its potential role in the molecular therapy of brain cancer."	1
"Title: Regulatory function of ?1,4-galactosyltransferase I expression on Lewis-Y glycan and embryo implantation. Abstract: ?1,4-Galactosyltransferase I (?1,4-GalT-I), a key enzyme in glycobiology, mediates several biological mechanisms. However, the correlation between ?-1,4-GalT-I expression in the uterine endometrium and embryo implantation remains unclear. This study aims to elucidate the relationship between ?1,4-GalT-I and Lewis(Y) (Le(Y)) glycan during embryo implantation. So far, using green fluorescent protein as an indicator, ?1,4-GalT-I interference plasmid (pcDNA3.0-siGalT I), overexpression plasmid (pcDNA3.0-HA-GalT I), interference control plasmid (control pcDNA3.0-siGalT I), and empty vector (pcDNA3.0) were transfected into human uterine epithelial RL95-2 cells that imitate the receptive endometrium. Invasive embryos at pre-implantation and treated RL95-2 cells were co-cultured to determine embryo attachment in each of the transfection groups. The results showed that plasmid transfection was successful in all the groups. ?1,4-GalT-I and Fucosyltransferase 1 (FUT1) gene expression declined in the interference group, and the synthesis of Le(Y) decreased accordingly, but the expression of this antigen increased in the overexpression group. After co-culturing of the embryos and 36h transfection of RL95-2, the results of these in vitro implantation models showed that the attachment rate was lower in the interference group (30.0 ± 0.2%) than in the untreated group (50.0 ± 0.6%), empty vector group (50.0 ± 0.2%), and interference control group (46.7 ± 0.6%), however, it was highest in the overexpression group (70.0 ± 0.2%). These results indicated that ?1,4-galactosyltransferase I possibly regulate mutual uterus-embryo adhesion and embryo implantation by regulating cell surface Le(Y) glycan expression."	1
"Title: Knockdown of immature colon carcinoma transcript-1 inhibits proliferation of glioblastoma multiforme cells through Gap 2/mitotic phase arrest. Abstract: ""Glioblastoma multiforme"" (GBM) is the frequent form of malignant glioma. Immature colon carcinoma transcript-1 (ICT1) is essential for cell vitality and mitochondrial function and has been recognized in several human cancers. In the study reported here, we attempted to evaluate the functional role of ICT1 in GBM cells. Lentivirus-mediated RNA interference (RNAi) was applied to silence ICT1 expression in human GBM cell lines U251 and U87. Cell proliferation was measured by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) and colony-formation assays. Cell-cycle progression was determined by flow cytometry with propidium iodide staining. The results revealed that lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) can specifically suppress the expression of ICT1 in U251 and U87 cells. Functional investigations proved for the first time, as far as we are aware, that ICT1 knockdown significantly inhibited the proliferation of both cell lines. Moreover, the cell cycle of U251 cells was arrested at Gap 2 (G2)/mitotic (M) phase after ICT1 knockdown, with a concomitant accumulation of cells in the Sub-Gap 1 (G1) phase. This study highlights the crucial role of ICT1 in promoting GBM cell proliferation, and provides a foundation for further study into the clinical potential of lentivirus-mediated silencing of ICT1 for GBM therapy."	1
"Title: Histone acetyltransferase p300 promotes MRTF-A-mediates transactivation of VE-cadherin gene in human umbilical vein endothelial cells. Abstract: Vascular endothelial cadherin (VE-cadherin) is the major determinant of endothelial cell contact integrity and is required in vascular development and angiogenesis. Serum response factor (SRF) plays essential roles in postnatal retinal angiogenesis and adult neovascularization. It is unclear whether transcription of VE-cadherin is mediated by a SRF co-activator, myocardin-related transcription factor-A (MRTF-A). Here we have demonstrated that MRTF-A is a key regulatory factor to activate the transcription of VE-cadherin in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). siRNA-mediated knockdown of MRTF-A decreased the level of VE-cadherin in HUVECs. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) induced MRTF-A binding to the SRF-binding site (CArG box) within VE-cadherin promoter. Histone acetyltransferase p300 and MRTF-A could synergistically augment the expression of VE-cadherin by enhancing acetylation of histone3K9 (H3K9Ac), histone3K14 (H3K14Ac) and histone4 at the SRF-binding site within VE-cadherin promoter. Taken together, these data identified a detailed regulatory mechanism of VE-cadherin gene expression."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits migration and invasion by down-regulating FSCN1 in lung cancer. Abstract: The extraordinary invasive capability is a major cause of treatment failure and tumor recurrence in lung cancer. Evidence in other cell systems has implicated the regulatory role of microRNA-145 in cell motility and invasion, which promotes us to investigate the biological functions of miR-145 in lung cancer in this regard. Results: We have found that miR-145 is dramatically down-regulated in clinical specimen of lung cancer and is negatively correlated with the tumor pathological grading in the current study. The cells transfected by miR-145 expression vector have demonstrated retarded cell mobility. Using a bioinformatics analysis approach, fascin homolog 1 (FSCN1), actin-binding protein, has been identified as the target of miR-145. Over-expression of miR-145 mimics enhanced protein levels of E-cadherin and fibronectin, indicative of its inhibitory role in EMT occurrence. Mechanistic studies showed that miR-145 mimics inhibited FSCN1 expression and miR-145 inhibitor enhanced it. Over-expression of FSCN1 reversed miR-145-regulated expression of EMT markers, suggesting that FSCN1 mediated the inhibitory effects of miR-145. Our results revealed a novel mechanism that miR-145 inhibits lung cancer cells migration and invasion via FSCN1 downregulation. Conclusions: These results suggest that miR-145 may function as anti-migration and anti-invasion influence in lung cancer and provides a potential approach for developing miR-145-based therapeutic strategies for malignant lung cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Identification of differentially expressed microRNAs involved in non-traumatic osteonecrosis through microRNA expression profiling. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has recently indicated a vital role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in the development of various bone diseases. However, the biological role of miRNAs in the pathogenesis of non-traumatic osteonecrosis of femoral head (ONFH) has not yet been investigated. The present study aimed to profile the differential miRNA expression between non-traumatic ONFH and femoral neck fracture and to develop further understanding of the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of non-traumatic ONFH. Femoral heads from 4 patients with non-traumatic ONFH and 4 with femoral neck fracture were used to analyze the miRNA expression profiles in bone tissue using the Exiqon miRCURY LNA Array (v.18.0). The results of miRNA microarray analysis were further confirmed by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). The differentially expressed miRNA target genes and signaling pathways involved were predicted by bioinformatics analysis. MiRNA microarray chip analysis revealed that 22 miRNAs were significantly up-regulated and 17 were significantly down-regulated in the non-traumatic ONFH samples compared with the femoral neck fracture samples. The real-time qPCR also confirmed the microarray data. Bioinformatics analysis demonstrated that toll-like receptor (TLR), neurotrophin and NOD-like receptor signaling pathway were most likely to be regulated by these differential miRNAs. This miRNA microarray study reveals significant differences in miRNA expression between patients with non-traumatic ONFH and those with femoral neck fracture. Our data also manifests that the signaling pathways regulated by these differentially expressed miRNAs might be important in the pathogenesis of non-traumatic ONFH."	1
"Title: Exome sequencing reveals novel BCS1L mutations in siblings with hearing loss and hypotrichosis. Abstract: As a powerful tool to identify the molecular pathogenesis of Mendelian disorders, exome sequencing was used to identify the genetic basis of two siblings with hearing loss and hypotrichosis and clarify the diagnosis. No pathogenic mutations in GJB2, GJB3 and GJB6 genes were found in the siblings. By analysis of exome of the proband, we identified a novel missense (p.R306C) mutation and a nonsense (p.R186*) mutation in the BCS1L gene. Mutations were confirmed by Sanger sequencing. The siblings were compound heterozygotes, and the inheritance mode of autosomal recessive was postulated. BCS1L is the causative gene of Björnstad syndrome, which is characterized by sensorineural hearing loss and pili torti. The longitudinal gutters along the hair shaft were found by scanning electron microscopy in our patient. Therefore the diagnosis of Björnstad syndrome was eventually made for the patients. Our study extends the phenotypic spectrum of Björnstad syndrome and highlights the clinical applicability of exome sequencing as a diagnostic tool for atypical Mendelian disorders."	1
"Title: miR-29b attenuates tumorigenicity and stemness maintenance in human glioblastoma multiforme by directly targeting BCL2L2. Abstract: Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is the most common malignant brain tumor and exhibits aggressive and invasive behavior. We previously identified four miRNAs-miR-29b, 494, 193a-3p, and 30e-with enhanced expression in GBM following treatment of ionizing radiation by miRNA microarray analysis. In this study, we found that only miR-29b inhibited tumor cell migration and invasion by reducing MMP-2 activity via phospho-AKT/?-catenin signaling, and stimulated a more epithelial-like morphology. Moreover, miR-29b inhibits angiogenesis by attenuating tube formation and the expression of VEGF and Ang-2, and stemness maintenance in GBM cells, as demonstrated by decreasing neurosphere formation and cancer stem cell marker protein expression. These findings support the anti-tumor properties of miR-29b in human GBM cells. Furthermore, miR-29b expression was inversely proportional to that of BCL2L2 mRNA or protein in various cancer cell types. Interestingly, BCL2L2 mRNA is highly expressed in the mesenchymal type of GBM. To further elucidate the relationship between miR-29b and BCL2L2 in GBM, we performed co-transfection reporter assays and determined that miR-29b downregulates BCL2L2 expression by directly binding its 3'UTR. Finally, we confirmed that BCL2L2 repression is of central importance to miR-29b anti-tumor activity using functional assays to examine cell migration, invasion, angiogenesis, and stemness. From these data, we propose that miR-29b may be a useful therapeutic agent in GBM."	1
"Title: Atrial natriuretic peptide and aldosterone synthase gene in essential hypertension: a case-control study. Abstract: The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) and their candidate genes are principally involved in regulation of blood pressure through salt-water homeostasis. Atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) and Aldosterone synthase (CYP11B2) are the important RAAS mediators, play a major role in hypertension through regulation of cardiorenal homeostasis and water-electrolytes balance, respectively. Present study reports the expression of ANP and CYP11B2 gene at mRNA and proteins levels in patients with essential hypertension in North Indian subjects. Gene expression at mRNA and protein levels was carried out by Real time PCR and Western blot, respectively. We found a significant down regulation in the ANP gene expression at mRNA (85%) and protein (72.6%) levels and significant increase in the CYP11B2 protein expression in patients as compared to controls. A significant increase in Serum creatinine (14.6%), Sodium (1.15%) and decrease in the Blood urea (8.18%) and Potassium (2.32%) levels were also observed among the patients group having higher expression (based on median delta-CT value) in comparison to the lower expression of CYP11B2 gene. Our results suggest that the down-regulation of ANP gene expression at mRNA and protein levels and up-regulated CYP11B2 protein expression levels may be correlated with the essential hypertension and could serve as circulating prognostic biomarkers for essential hypertension."	1
"Title: PP4R1 accelerates cell growth and proliferation in HepG2 hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), as the fifth most common cancer worldwide, has become the third leading cause of cancer-related deaths. It is reported that protein phosphatase 4 (PP4) is an essential protein for nucleation, growth, and stabilization of microtubules in centrosomes/spindle bodies during cell division. Besides, previous studies have identified protein phosphatase 4 regulatory subunit 1 (PP4R1) as a constitutive interaction partner of PP4 catalytic subunit PP4C. The PP4C-PP4R1 PP4 complex plays a role in dephosphorylation, regulation of histone acetylation, and NF-?B activation. However, little is known about the pathological functions of PP4R1 in human cancers. Thus, in order to investigate how PP4R1 functions in human HCC, two common hepatocarcinogenesis HCC cell lines HepG2 and SMMC-7721 were employed, transduced with recombinant lentivirus expressing PP4R1 short hairpin RNA. Compared with the controls, the cells treated with Lv-shPP4R1 showed a significant decrease in cell proliferation and colony formation. The results of flow cytometry showed that the knockdown of PP4R1 caused HepG2 cells arrest at G2/M phase in the cell cycle. Furthermore, the transduction of Lv-shPP4R1 into HepG2 cells led to the inactivation of two major mitogen-activated protein kinase signaling cascades: p38 and c-Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK), indicating that PP4R1 could promote cell proliferation, which might be regulated by p38 and c-Jun N-terminal kinase pathways. In a word, this study highlights the crucial role of PP4R1 in promoting HCC cell growth, which might elucidate the pathological mechanism of HCC."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-Mediated knockdown of tectonic family member 1 inhibits medulloblastoma cell proliferation. Abstract: Tectonic family member 1 (TCTN1) encodes a member of the tectonic family which are evolutionarily conserved secreted and transmembrane proteins, involving in a diverse variety of developmental processes. It has been demonstrated that tectonics expressed in regions that participate in Hedgehog (Hh) signaling during mouse embryonic development and was imperative for Hh-mediated patterning of the ventral neural tube. However, the expression and regulation of tectonics in human tumor is still not clear. In this study, shRNA-expressing lentivirus was constructed to knockdown TCTN1 in medulloblastoma cell line Daoy. The results showed that knockdown of TCTN1 inhibited cell proliferation and colony formation in Daoy cell line, also caused cell cycle arrest at the G2/M boundary. Taken all together, our data suggest that TCTN1 might play an important role in the progression of medulloblastoma."	1
"Title: Reduced USP39 expression inhibits malignant proliferation of medullary thyroid carcinoma in vitro. Abstract: Medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) constitutes approximately 5 % of all thyroid cancers and carries a worse prognosis than other differentiated thyroid cancers. Targeted therapies are being investigated for systemic treatment of MTC. Ubiquitin-specific peptidase 39 (USP39) functions in pre-mRNA splicing as a component of the U4/U6-U5 tri-snRNP and also participates in spindle checkpoint and cytokinesis. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the potential role in MTC. Methods: We used lentivirus-delivered short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to silence USP39 expression in one MTC cell line TT. USP39 expression was detected by qPCR and Western blot. For functional analysis, MTT assay was performed to evaluate the proliferation activity, and FACS was used to assess the cell distribution in the cell cycle. Moreover, the expressions of cell cycle-related proteins were examined by Western blot. Results: Both two shRNA sequences against USP39 could efficiently reduce its expression in TT cells. Knockdown of USP39 significantly decreased cell proliferation and caused cell cycle arrest at G2/M phase. Moreover, G2/M phase-associated proteins, Cyclin B1 and CDK1, were obviously down-regulated in TT cells after USP39 silencing. Conclusions: Therefore, knockdown of USP39 is likely to provide a novel alternative to targeted therapy of MTC and deserves further investigation."	1
"Title: Hepatocellular carcinomas promote tumor-associated macrophage M2-polarization via increased B7-H3 expression. Abstract: B7 family members are aberrantly expressed on the human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cell surface, and induce local and systemic immunosuppression. Tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) are a significant immune cell subpopulation in HCC and may be induced to express co-inhibitory molecules including B7 homologue 3 (B7-H3). In the present study, 79.3% of the HCC tissue samples showed high expression of B7-H3 which was positively correlated with the number of TAMs in the evaluated cancer tissues. Furthermore, high levels of TAMs or B7-H3 were associated with a shorter survival time of the HCC patients. In vitro, B7-H3 expression was upregulated at both the mRNA and protein levels in phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA)-induced THP-1 cells cocultured with HepG2 cells in a Transwell system. In addition, B7-H3 promoted PMA-induced THP-1 cells to differentiate into the M2 phenotype, with evidence of increases in arginase 1 (Arg1), vascular endothelial cell growth factor (VEGF) and macrophage-derived chemokine (CCL22) mRNA following coculture with HepG2 cells. However, this phenomenon was abrogated through knockdown of B7-H3 by RNA interference or by blocking the signal transducer and activator of trans-cription 3 (STAT3) signaling pathway. Overall, these results suggest that the B7-H3-mediated STAT3 signaling pathway is an important mechanism for inducing M2-type polarization of TAMs, which accelerates HCC development. Our findings may support the development of novel therapeutic strategies for HCC patients through the skewing of the TAM phenotype by targeting the B7-H3 signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Overexpression of adenylate cyclase-associated protein 1 may predict brain metastasis in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: This study was designed to establish a biomarker risk model for predicting brain metastasis (BM) in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The model comprises 120 cases of NSCLC that were treated and followed up for 4 years. The patients were divided into the BM (n=50) and non-BM (other visceral metastasis and those without recurrence) (n=70) groups. Immunohistochemical and western blot analyses were performed in metastatic tissues of NSCLC. Multivariate regression analysis was performed to correlate the immunoreactive cyclase-associated protein 1 (CAP1) signal with BM. Survival analyses were performed by using the Kaplan-Meier method. CAP1 protein content and immunoreactivity were significantly increased in BM specimens compared to other-metastatic specimens. The survival analysis revealed that CAP1 overexpression was significantly associated with survival (P<0.05). The ROC test suggested that the area under the curve was 73.33% (P<0.001; 95% CI, 63.5-83.2%). When P=0.466, the sensitivity and specificity reached 79.5 and 67.1%, respectively. These findings suggested that CAP1 is involved in the BM of NSCLC, and that elevated levels of CAP1 expression may indicate a poor prognosis for patients with BM. The CAP1 molecular model may be useful in the prediction of the risk of BM in NSCLC."	1
"Title: DJ-1 knockdown inhibits growth and xenograft?induced tumor generation of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells. Abstract: The aim of this study was to identify potential downstream effectors of the oncogene DJ-1 in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cell lines, and examine its role in the Akt signaling pathway and HCC oncogenesis. Expression of the DJ-1 protein was assessed by immunoblotting in several human HCC cell lines. Knockdown of DJ-1 was achieved by transfecting DJ-1-specific short hairpin RNAs into the HepG2 HCC cell line. The effect of DJ-1 downregulation on phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) and phosphorylated Akt was evaluated. In addition, cell cycle, proliferation, adhesion and invasion were analyzed in the DJ-1 knockdown of HepG2 cells. The growth of HepG2?induced tumor was evaluated in a nude mouse model after DJ-1 silencing. Stable DJ-1 knockdown was achieved in HepG2 cells using a shRNA eukaryotic expression vector. Downregulation of DJ-1 increased PTEN expression but decreased phosphorylation of Akt in HepG2 cells. In addition, DJ-1 knockdown resulted in the decreased proliferation, adhesion and invasion of HepG2 cells in vitro, and inhibited the growth of HepG2-induced tumor in vivo. DJ-1 knockdown altered the malignant behavior of HepG2 cells, potentially through the Akt signaling pathway, suggesting a crucial role for DJ-1 in the oncogenesis of HCC."	1
"Title: JAK2 inhibitor blocks the inflammation and growth of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in vitro through the JAK/STAT3 pathway. Abstract: Recent research indicates that the Janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (JAK/STAT3) pathway may play an important role in chronic inflammation which promotes cancer progression, yet the mechanism is not clear. The present study aimed to investigate the role of the JAK/STAT3 pathway in the growth and cancer-related inflammation (CRI) of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) by studying the crosstalk between the JAK/STAT3 pathway and nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) which are important inflammatory factors associated with tumorigenesis. Cell growth and the cell cycle were assessed by CCK-8 assays and flow cytometry, respectively. The protein levels of STAT3, phosphorylated STAT3, VEGF, NF-?B p65, phosphorylated NF-?B p65 and COX-2 in ESCC cells following treatment with JAK2 inhibitor for 48 h or interleukin-6 (IL-6) for 24 h were detected. RT-PCR was performed to study the interaction among STAT3, NF-?B and COX-2 by transfection of siRNAs targeted at STAT3 and NF-?B. STAT3 was activated in 3 ESCC cell lines at different levels. Blocking the JAK/STAT3 pathway inhibited cancer growth through regulation of cell growth, cell cycle and angiogenesis. Likewise, abrogation of the JAK/STAT3 pathway decreased CRI by downregulating levels of NF-?B p65 phosphorylation, COX-2 and IL-6 concentration. In addition, CRI and cancer growth were accelerated by IL-6 through stimulation of the JAK/STAT3 and NF-?B p65 pathway. Moreover, STAT3 and NF-?B both regulated COX-2 as a downstream gene. The JAK/STAT3 pathway is an important pathway which links CRI and cancer growth through IL-6 and crosstalk with the NF-?B p65 subunit and COX-2. The STAT3 pathway could be a novel target both for cancer treatment and prevention in ESCC."	1
"Title: Effect of Smad3/4 on chemotherapeutic drug sensitivity in colorectal cancer cells. Abstract: Smad3 and Smad4 are signaling mediators in the transforming growth factor ? (TGF?) pathway and play a major role in the progression and migration of many types of cancers. The TGF? pathway is correlated with resistance against both targeted and conventional chemotherapeutic drugs. The aim of this study was to determine the effect of Smad3/4 on drug sensitivity in chemotherapy-resistant colorectal cancer (CRC) cells. We isolated the TGF?-mediated chemoresistant CRC cell line DLD1-5FU-C10, which showed high expression of Smad3/4 and p21. In order to analyze the influence of Smad3/4 on drug sensitivity in DLD1-5FU-C10 cells, we knocked down Smad3/4 using small interfering RNAs (siRNA). The results showed similar drug sensitivity between the DLD1?5FU-C10 and the DLD1 control cells and reduced p21 expression. In addition, we found a significant increase in the levels of 3 TGF? downstream factors: interleukin 6 (IL6), plasminogen activator (PLAU) and prostaglandin-endoperoxide synthase 2 (PTGS2). Furthermore, we showed that Smad3/4 regulated the JAK1/STAT3 pathway via IL6 in the chemoresistant CRC cell line. In conclusion, we identified Smad3/4 as a novel drug sensitivity regulator in TGF?-mediated chemotherapy-resistant CRC cells. Our results suggest that Smad3/4 regulate p-STAT3 signaling by IL6 and p21 and highlight an important role for STAT3 signaling in Smad3/4 regulated drug sensitivity in chemoresistant CRC cells."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-Mediated Silencing of Myosin VI Inhibits Proliferation and Cell Cycle Progression in Human Lung Cancer Cells. Abstract: Myosin VI (MYO6) is a unique actin motor, which moves toward the pointed ends of actin filaments. In this study, we found that MYO6 is overexpressed in lung cancer tissues and associated with lung cancer progression, particularly lymph node metastasis. To investigate its functions in lung cancer cells, we generated recombinant lentivirus taking shRNA of MYO6. Using two lung cancer cell lines, A549 and 95D, we found that Lv-shMYO6 could infect lung cancer cells with high efficiency and downregulate MYO6 on both mRNA and protein levels. After knockdown of MYO6, the proliferation rates of lung cancer cells were decreased significantly. The colony-formation ability of MYO6-silenced lung cancer cells was also impaired with reduced colony numbers and fewer cells per colony. Flow cytometry showed that cell cycle progression was stuck at the G0 /G1 phase, especially at the sub-G1 phase, which represents apoptotic cells. Moreover, knockdown of MYO6 downregulated the phosphorylation of ERK1/2. Further experiments using another shRNA of MYO6 confirmed the above results. These results suggest that MYO6 is crucial in maintaining cell cycle and cell growth of lung cancer cells. MYO6 may serve as a potential therapeutic target for lung cancer treatment."	1
"Title: Knockdown of Myosin VI Inhibits Proliferation of Hepatocellular Carcinoma Cells In Vitro. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma is the primary malignancy of the liver and is the third leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Despite its severity, the treatment methods for hepatocellular carcinoma are limited due to poor prognosis. This study identified the short hairpin RNA-mediated silencing of myosin VI as a potential approach for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma. Firstly, the expression of myosin VI was analyzed in 57 hepatocellular carcinoma samples and 10 non-neoplastic samples by immunohistochemistry. The results demonstrated that myosin VI expression was much stronger in hepatocellular carcinoma tissues than in adjacent normal tissues. Myosin VI short hairpin RNA was then transduced into HepG2 and SMMC-7721 hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines, respectively, using a lentivirus delivery system. Knockdown of myosin VI led to a significant reduction in cell proliferation and colony-forming capacity, as well as a blockade of cell cycle progression. Moreover, an obvious decrease in PRAS40 phosphorylation and a concomitant increase in p38 phosphorylation were observed in myosin VI knockdown cells, which suggest that myosin VI silencing inhibits hepatocellular carcinoma cell growth in vitro probably via inactivation of PRAS40 and activation of p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase-dependent signaling pathway. This study highlights the potential of myosin VI to be developed as a target for hepatocellular carcinoma therapy."	1
"Title: Effect of Rab23 on the proliferation and apoptosis in breast cancer. Abstract: Rab23, as a negative regulatory molecule of the Hedgehog (Hh) signaling pathway, may be a new target for treating carcinoma. In the present study, we aimed to determine whether Rab23 is expressed in breast cancer cells and whether Rab23 affects the viability and proliferation of breast cancer cells. We evaluated Rab23 expression in several breast cancer cell lines including MDA-MB-231, Bcap37 and MCF-7 by reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR), western blotting and immunofluorescence in vitro. We assessed cell growth and proliferation by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol?2-y1)?3,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT), colony formation and bromodeoxyuridine (BrdU) incorporation assays. The distribution of the cell cycle and the rate of apoptosis were assessed using flow cytometry (FCM). In addition, we determined the mechanisms by which Rab23 regulates the Hh pathway by detecting the level of Gli molecules by RT-PCR. We found that Rab23 mRNA and protein levels were expressed in breast cancer cells, and the expression of Rab23 in MDA-MB-231 cells was higher than that in the MCF-7 cells. Rab23 protein was primarily expressed and localized in the cytoplasm surrounding the nucleus. The MTT assay showed that the absorbance value at A(490 nm) of the Rab23?transfected group was reduced in comparison with the control group. The number of colonies formed in the breast cancer cells was significantly reduced and BrdU labeling was weakened in the group transfected with Rab23. The results of FCM showed that overexpression of Rab23 protein caused cell cycle arrest in the G1 phase and a decrease in the S phase population as well as induction of apoptosis. Furthermore, Rab23 decreased Gli1 and Gli2 mRNA levels when compared with the control group. Our results indicate that Rab23 is expressed in breast cancer cells, and ectopic expression of Rab23 inhibits the growth and proliferation as well as induces cell apoptosis in breast cancer cells. These effects may be due to the inhibition by Rab23 of Gli1 and Gli2 mRNA expression. These results suggest that Rab23 is a potential target for the treatment of breast cancer."	1
"Title: Expression of cortactin in human gliomas and its effect on migration and invasion of glioma cells. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of cortactin in the infiltrative behavior of glioma cells and the potential mechanism of cortactin in promoting the migration and invasion of glioma cells. The expression of cortactin was detected by immunohistochemistry in 40 human glioma specimens and 8 non-tumor brain specimens. U251, LN229 and SNB19 glioma cells were employed for the in vitro study and assigned into the siRNA-cortactin (transfected with siRNA specific to cortactin), siRNA-NC (transfected with negative control RNA sequence) and siRNA-N (transfected with empty vector) groups. The expression of cortactin in different treated glioma cell groups was detected using western blot analysis and RT-qPCR. The migration and invasion of glioma cells under different treatments were assessed using a wound-healing assay and Transwell-chamber invasion assay, respectively. The lamellipodia of glioma cells following treatment were observed by immunofluorescence (IF) and changes of lamellipodia over time were imaged using an inverted microscope. The distribution of cortactin and the actin-related protein 2/3 (Arp2/3) complex in glioma cells were observed after IF detection. The expression of cortactin in the glioma specimens was significantly higher than that in non-tumor brain tissue (P<0.05) and positively correlated with the malignancy of glioma specimens (r=0.912, P=0.00). The cortactin expression in glioma cells was markedly inhibited (P<0.05) and their migration and invasion ability was also impaired significantly following treatment with siRNA (P<0.05) compared with the other two groups. The size and persistence time of lamellipodia were reduced after cortactin expression was inhibited in glioma cells. Cortactin and the Arp2/3 complex were co-localized in the front of glioma cells, where actin was polymerized and lamellipodia formed. Thus, the results revealed that, cortactin is crucial in invasion and migration of glioma cells, which may promote the migration and invasion of glioma cells by regulating lamellipodia formation, a process requiring the combination of cortactin and the Arp2/3 complex."	1
"Title: Gene expression profiling in myelodysplastic syndrome after SPARC overexpression associated with Ara-C. Abstract: Secreted protein acidic and rich in cysteine (SPARC) is involved in many biological processes, including erythropoiesis and cell proliferation. However, the role of SPARC in myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS) remains to be elucidated. Pyrimidine analogue cytosine arabinoside (Ara-C) is among the most effective agents used in the treatment of acute leukemia. The aim of the present study was to determine whether the chemotherapeutic activity of Ara-C was enhanced by the overexpression of SPARC. DNA microarray technology and RNA sequencing were employed to examine differential gene expression in the apoptosis signaling pathway after gene change occurred in cells following drug treatment. The results showed that upregulation of the expression of SPARC induced SKM-1 cell death and inhibited proliferation. Additionally, the apoptotic rate of SPARC overexpression combined with Ara-C increased significantly. Transcription factors CPBP and ZNF333 regulated the 69 genes and long non-coding RNA (lncRNA). Moreover, the mRNA and protein expression of apoptosis-related genes in the DNA microarray results were increased. These results suggest that SPARC expression changes with Ara-C, revealing a possible application in the treatment of MDS."	1
"Title: Inhibition of sphingosine-1-phosphate phosphatase 1 promotes cancer cells migration in gastric cancer: Clinical implications. Abstract: Sphingosine-1-phosphate (S1P) plays an important role in regulating many biological processes. Sphingosine-1-phosphate phosphatase 1 (SGPP1) can dephosphorylate S1P into sphingosine and tip the balance of sphingosine-S1P. Increased levels of sphingosine leads to a decrease in the ability of cell invasion as well as an increase in the ability of cell apoptosis. However, little is known regarding the effects of SGPP1 in gastric cancer. The present study examined the function of SGPP1 on gastric cancer cell lines as well as its clinical relevance in gastric cancer progression. Using immunohistochemistry and RT-qPCR techniques, the clinical significance of SGPP1 expression was analyzed in 288 paraffin-embedded gastric tissue specimens and 219 fresh gastric tissues, respectively. Transgenes encoding ribozymes to specifically target human SGPP1 (pEF-SGPP1) was constructed. Human gastric cancer cell lines (AGS and HGC27) were transfected with pEF-SGPP1 transgene and examined by functional analysis. SGPP1 was downregulated in gastric cancer tissues, compared with adjacent normal gastric tissues (p=0.034). SGPP1 mRNA levels in gastric cancer tissues were significantly decreased when compared with their adjacent non-cancerous tissues (p<0.001). Weakly expressed SGPP1 was positively correlated with the lymph node metastasis (p=0.005) and distant metastasis (p=0.031). Kaplan-Meier survival curves revealed that patients with SGPP1 positive expression had a significant increase in overall survival (OS) (p=0.034) and progression-free survival (PFS) (p=0.041). Multivariate analysis indicated the expression of SGPP1 was an independent prognostic factor in gastric cancer patients (p=0.041). In vitro experiments showed that knockdown of SGPP1 resulted in an increase in the invasion (2-fold) and migration (5-fold) of AGS and HGC27. The two gastric cancer cells transfected with pEF-SGPP1 exhibited a slower rate of growth with less adhesion. Thus, our findings provided evidence that SGPP1 may serve as a prognostic biomarker for patients with advanced gastric cancers."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-205 inhibits the proliferation and invasion of breast cancer by regulating AMOT expression. Abstract: It has been reported that the expression of angiomotin (AMOT) is upregulated in breast cancer. However, the regulatory mechanism remains unknown. In the present study, we aimed to ascertain whether the expression of AMOT is regulated by microRNAs (miRNAs) in breast cancer. In the present study, miR-205 was significantly downregulated in breast cancer samples and it was identified to directly target the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of AMOT in breast cancer MCF-7 cells by luciferase assay. miR-205 and small interfering RNA (siRNA)-mediated AMOT-knockdown experiments revealed that miR-205 significantly inhibited the proliferation and the invasion of MCF-7 cells through a decrease in the expression of AMOT, yet had no effect on apoptosis. Furthermore, we observed that the overexpression of AMOT partially reversed the inhibitory effect of miR-205 on the growth and the invasion of MCF-7 cells. The data indicated that miR-205 regulated the proliferation and the invasion of breast cancer cells through suppression of AMOT expression, at least partly. Therefore, the disordered decreased expression of miR-205 and the resulting AMOT upregulation contributes to breast carcinogenesis, and miR-205-AMOT represents a new potential therapeutic target for the treatment of breast carcinoma."	1
"Title: microRNA-22 downregulation of galectin-9 influences lymphocyte apoptosis and tumor cell proliferation in liver cancer. Abstract: Galectin-9 (Gal-9) plays an important role in both the immune response and tumor progression, while microRNAs act as tumor regulators to mediate tumorigenesis. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms remain unknown. In the present study, we investigated the relationship between Gal-9 and microRNA-mediated regulation in liver cancer. We examined Gal-9 expression using qRT-PCR and western blot analysis and found that it was markedly upregulated in human liver cancer cells compared with the level in normal hepatocytes. We co-cultured peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and tumor cells and observed that Gal-9 induced lymphocyte apoptosis and tumor cell immune escape using flow cytometric analysis and WST-1 assay. We found that miR-22 was downregulated in liver cancer tissues and cell lines and confirmed that miR-22 directly targeted the Gal-9 3'UTR and negatively regulated Gal-9 expression by luciferase reporter assay and transfection of microRNA mimics. We also observed that the Gal-9/miR-22 axis may influence lymphocyte apoptosis and tumor cell proliferation. These studies contribute to a further understanding of the microRNA?mediated regulation of the Gal-9 pathway and elucidate novel therapeutic targets for liver cancer."	1
"Title: HOXD10 acts as a tumor-suppressive factor via inhibition of the RHOC/AKT/MAPK pathway in human cholangiocellular carcinoma. Abstract: HOXD10, a key regulator of cell-differentiated phenotype maintainence, has been demonstrated to be involved in the tumorigenesis of many human malignacies. However, the status of HOXD10 expression and its biological function in cholangiocellular carcinoma (CCC) remain to be clarified. In the present study, we investigated the clinical significance and biological functions of HOXD10 in CCC and found that the expression of HOXD10 and its downstream effector RHOC was significantly different in well-differentiated CCC tissues compared with poorly-differentiated lesions. We also observed a significant correlation between low HOXD10 and high RHOC expression levels and worse prognosis. The stable overexpression of HOXD10 by lentivirus vector significantly inhibited cell invasion partly by downregulating the expression of MMP2 and MMP9, and significantly increased early apoptosis in CCC cell lines and induced G1 phase cell cycle arrest, contributing to the inhibition of cell proliferation in vitro. Additionally, we demonstrated that the inactivation of the RHOC/AKT/MAPK pathway was involved in the tumor-suppressive functions of HOXD10 in CCC. These results suggested that HOXD10 may be a putative suppressor gene and can act as a prognostic marker and potentially a novel therapeutic target for CCC."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-Mediated Knockdown of Myosin VI Inhibits Cell Proliferation of Breast Cancer Cell. Abstract: Myosin VI (MYO6) is a unique member of the myosin superfamily, and almost no experimental studies link MYO6 to tumorigenesis of breast cancer. However, previous microarray data demonstrated that MYO6 was frequently overexpressed in breast cancer tissues. In this study, to further develop its role in breast cancer, endogenous expression of MYO6 was significantly inhibited in breast cancer ZR-75-30 and MDA-MB-231 cells using lentivirus-mediated RNA interference. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot were applied to detect the expression level of MYO6. Cell viability of both cell lines was measured by methylthiazol tetrazolium and colony formation assays. Besides, cell cycle assay was utilized to acquire the distribution information of cell phase. The results demonstrated that knockdown of MYO6 markedly reduced cell viability and colony formation, as well as suppressed cell cycle progression in breast cancer cells. The results suggested that MYO6 played a vital role in breast cancer cells and might provide useful information for diagnosis and therapy of human breast cancer in future."	1
"Title: NOTCH2 signaling confers immature morphology and aggressiveness in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells. Abstract: The NOTCH family of membranous receptors plays key roles during development and carcinogenesis. Since NOTCH2, yet not NOTCH1 has been shown essential for murine hepatogenesis, NOTCH2 rather than NOTCH1 may be more relevant to human hepatocarcinogenesis; however, no previous studies have supported this hypothesis. We therefore assessed the role of NOTCH2 in human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) by immunohistochemistry and cell culture. Immunohistochemically, 19% of primary HCCs showed nuclear staining for NOTCH2, indicating activated NOTCH2 signaling. NOTCH2-positive HCCs were on average in more advanced clinical stages, and exhibited more immature cellular morphology, i.e. higher nuclear-cytoplasmic ratios and nuclear densities. Such features were not evident in NOTCH1?positive HCCs. In human HCC cell lines, abundant NOTCH2 expression was associated with anaplasia, represented by loss of E-cadherin. When NOTCH2 signaling was stably downregulated in HLF cells, an anaplastic HCC cell line, the cells were attenuated in potential for in vitro invasiveness and migration, as well as in vivo tumorigenicity accompanied by histological maturation. Generally, inverse results were obtained for a differentiated HCC cell line, Huh7, manipulated to overexpress activated NOTCH2. These findings suggested that the NOTCH2 signaling may confer aggressive behavior and immature morphology in human HCC cells."	1
"Title: Nutlin-3 sensitizes nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells to cisplatin-induced cytotoxicity. Abstract: The small-molecule inhibitor of p53-Mdm2 interaction, Nutlin-3, is known to be effective against cancers expressing wild-type (wt) p53. p53 mutations are rare in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC), hence targeting disruption of p53-Mdm2 interaction to reactivate p53 may offer a promising therapeutic strategy for NPC. In the present study, the effects of Nutlin-3 alone or in combination with cisplatin, a standard chemotherapeutic agent, were tested on C666-1 cells, an Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-positive NPC cell line bearing wt p53. Treatment with Nutlin-3 activated the p53 pathway and sensitized NPC cells to the cytotoxic effects of cisplatin. The combined treatment also markedly suppressed soft agar colony growth formation and increased apoptosis of NPC cells. The effect of Nutlin-3 on NPC cells was inhibited by knockdown of p53, suggesting that its effect was p53-dependent. Extended treatment with increasing concentrations of Nutlin-3 did not result in emergence of p53 mutations in the C666-1 cells. Collectively, the present study revealed supportive evidence of the effectiveness of combining cisplatin and Nutlin-3 as a potential therapy against NPC."	1
"Title: MiR-1207 overexpression promotes cancer stem cell-like traits in ovarian cancer by activating the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. Abstract: Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway is strictly controlled by multiple negative regulators. However, how tumor cells override the negative regulatory effects to maintain constitutive activation of Wnt/?-catenin signaling, which is commonly observed in various cancers, remains puzzling. In current study, we reported that overexpression of miR-1207 in ovarian cancer activated Wnt/?-catenin signaling by directly targeting and suppressing secreted Frizzled-related protein 1 (SFRP1), AXIN2 and inhibitor of ?-catenin and TCF-4 (ICAT), which are vital negative regulators of the Wnt/?-catenin pathway. We found that the expression of miR-1207 was ubiquitously upregulated in both ovarian cancer tissues and cells, which inversely correlated with patient overall survival. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-1207 enhanced, while silencing miR-1207 reduced, stem cell-like traits of ovarian cancer cells in vitro and in vivo, including tumor sphere formation capability and proportion of SP+ and CD133+ cells. Importantly, upregulating miR-1207 promoted, while silencing miR-1207 inhibited, the tumorigenicity of ovarian cancer cells. Hence, our results suggest that miR-1207 plays a vital role in promoting the cancer stem cell-like phenotype in ovarian cancer and might represent a potential target for anti-ovarian cancer therapy."	1
"Title: The expression of MACC1 and its role in the proliferation and apoptosis of salivary adenoid cystic carcinoma. Abstract: The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 and patient clinical characteristics. We also examined the role of metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 in the proliferation and apoptosis in adenoid cystic carcinoma. Material and methods: Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 expression was analysed in 65 paraffin-embedded tissue specimens of salivary adenoid cystic carcinoma and 25 adjacent non-cancerous tissues by immunohistochemistry (IHC). We used RNA interference technology to silence metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 expression in ACCM cells. Cell Counting Kit-8 tests, transwell experiments and flow cytometry were used to test the proliferation, cisplatin resistance, migration, invasion and apoptosis of ACCM cells. Results: Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 nuclear and cytoplasmic expression in salivary adenoid cystic carcinoma tissue was higher than in the adjacent normal salivary tissue. The expression level was closely associated with tumour histological grading, perineural invasion and surrounding tumour invasion. The downregulation of metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 expression inhibited proliferation and induced apoptosis in ACCM cells. The knock-down of metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 expression had no effect on migration, invasion and chemoresistance. Conclusions: Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 may have an important role in tumour development in adenoid cystic carcinoma. Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 is a potential biomarker for adenoid cystic carcinoma."	1
"Title: HAX-1 inhibits apoptosis in prostate cancer through the suppression of caspase-9 activation. Abstract: HS1 associated protein X-1 (HAX-1), a substrate of Src family tyrosine kinases, plays a critical role in cell apoptosis. However, its functions in prostate cancer remains unclear. The present study explored the role and mechanism of HAX-1 in cancer cell apoptosis. The mRNA and protein levels of HAX-1 in the prostate cancer cell lines PC-3, VCaP and DU145 were assessed. Cell proliferation, apoptosis and caspase-9 activities were assessed in DU145 after HAX-1 siRNA treatment. The mRNA and protein levels of HAX-1 in prostate cancer cell lines PC-3, VCaP and DU145 were significantly higher than those in the primary prostate epithelial cells, and DU145 possess the highest mRNA and protein levels compared to PC-3 and VCaP. When HAX-1 was knocked down in DU145, cell proliferation was significantly decreased, accompanied by a decrease in Ki67 protein expression. Compared with the control and control siRNA groups, HAX-1 siRNA promoted cell apoptosis and caspase-9 activation in DU145. Furthermore, prostate cancer cells co-transfected with HAX-1 and caspase-9 promoted viability and reduced apoptosis. In contract, co-transfection of caspase-9 and HAX-1 siRNA suppressed the cell viability and enhanced apoptosis. In summary, the present study demonstrated that HAX-1 inhibits cell apoptosis through caspase-9 inactivation."	1
"Title: Ursolic acid inhibits the proliferation of human ovarian cancer stem-like cells through epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the most frequent cause of cancer-related death among all gynecological cancers. Increasing evidence suggests that human ovarian cancer stem-like cells could be enriched under serum-free culture conditions. In the present study, SKOV3 ovarian epithelial cancer cells were cultured for sphere cells. Ursolic acid (UA) with triterpenoid compounds exist widely in food, medicinal herbs and other plants. Evidence shows that UA has anticancer activities in human ovarian cancer cells, but he role of UA in ovarian cancer stem cells (CSCs) remains unknown. The aim of the present study was to investigate the anticancer effects of UA in combination with cisplatin in ovarian CSCs (in vitro and in vivo), along with the molecular mechanism of action. Treatment with UA at various concentrations was examined in combination with cisplatin in human ovarian CSCs. MTT assay and flow cytometry were used for cell viability and apoptosis analysis, and qRT-PCR for stem cell markers and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers for mRNA expression. Transwell assay was employed to observe the migration and invasion of SKOV3 cells and SKOV3 sphere cells after treatment. Moreover, athymic BALB/c-nu nude mice were injected with SKOV3 sphere cells to obtain a xenograft model for in vivo studies. The results showed that CSCs possessed mesenchymal characteristics and EMT ability, and the growth of SKOV3 and sphere cells was significantly inhibited by UA. Transplanted tumors were significantly reduced after injection of UA and UA plus cisplatin. Furthermore, we found that UA could play a role in enhancing the sensitivity of CSCs to cisplatin resistance. Our findings suggested that UA is involved in EMT mechanism to affect the proliferation and apoptosis of human ovarian cancer stem-like cells and it is a potent anti-ovarian cancer agent."	1
"Title: Lentiviral-mediated multiple gene transfer to chondrocytes promotes chondrocyte differentiation and bone formation in rabbit bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to provide a theoretical and experimental foundation on the differentiation of stem cells through the induction of multiple genes. The lentiviral vector carrying TGF-?1 and IL-10 genes was transfected to bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (BMSCs) which differentiated into chondrogenesis. Healthy New Zealand white rabbits, 2-3 months of age were used in the present study. A 6-8 ml of bone marrow was isolated from the iliac and tibial shaft of each rabbit. The BMSCs suspension was aspired following centrifugation of the bone marrow by percoll separating medium. The BMSCs were primarily cultured and subcultured in vitro, then divided into four groups according to the difference of lentivirus vectors: group A, receiving transforming growth factor ?1 (TGF??1); group B, receiving TGF-?1 and Interleukin-10 (IL-10); group C, empty vector transfection; and group D, receiving no cell growth factor. Fluorescence expression was detected 12 h after transfecting the lentiviral vector carrying the TGF-?1 and IL-10 gene to BMSCs. The transfection efficiency was approximately 70% with a MOI=100 after 96 h. Expression of SOX-9 aggrecan and Type ? collagen in groups A-E on day 7 and 14 was detected by RT-PCR and western blot analysis. The expression level of three genes expressed in groups A and C were higher compared to the expression in groups B, D and E. The expression level of the three genes expressed in group B was higher compared to the expression in group D. The expression level of three genes expressed in group A and C showed no statistical difference. Cytokines therefore play an important role in cell proliferation and chondrogenic differentiation. TGF-?1 has a synergistic effect in the differentiation. In addition, IL-10 may have a protective role in the restoration of cartilaginous tissue."	1
"Title: CD90 is upregulated in gastric cancer tissues and inhibits gastric cancer cell apoptosis by modulating the expression level of SPARC protein. Abstract: Cluster of differentiation 90 (CD90) (Thy-1) plays important roles in the oncogenesis in various types of malignancies. In the present study, we investigated the expression of CD90 in gastric cancer (GC) tissues by q-PCR, immunohistochemistry (IHC), and western blot technologies. The results showed that CD90 was overexpressed in gastric cancer tissues compared with the level in the adjacent non?cancerous tissues. To explore the possible mechanism of CD90 in GC, we elucidated the effect of CD90 on the apoptosis of AGS gastric cancer cells, and found that a considerable decrease in apoptotic cells was observed for AGS cells with CD90 overexpression. Meanwhile, the rate of apoptotic cells was increased in the AGS cells with CD90 interference (siCD90) compared with that in the AGS cells. Cell apoptosis is closely related to a reduction in mitochondrial membrane potential (??m) and an increase in intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) and calcium ion (Ca2+) concentrations. Our results showed that overexpression of CD90 in the AGS gastric cancer cells led to an increase in ??m and a decrease in intracellular ROS and Ca2+ concentrations. At the same time, siCD90 reduced ??m and the increase in intracellular ROS and Ca2+ concentrations. Furthermore, we identified and confirmed that CD90 functions by modulating the expression level of secreted protein, acidic, cysteine?rich (osteonectin) (SPARC) in vitro through LC?MS/MS analyses and western blot technology. In summary, our results suggest that CD90 is upregulated in gastric cancer and inhibits gastric cancer cell apoptosis by modulating the expression level of SPARC protein."	1
"Title: Mitogen-activated protein kinase phosphatase 1 is involved in tamoxifen resistance in MCF7 cells. Abstract: Tamoxifen resistance is a major clinical problem for ER-positive breast cancer, but the underlying mechanism is not completely elucidated. In the present study, we reported that mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) phosphatase 1 (MKP-1), a member of the family of MKPs, is involved in tamoxifen resistance. We found that MKP1 expression increased in tamoxifen resistant MCF7 cells. To explore the possible role of MKP1 in tamoxifen resistance, siRNA targeting MKP1 was transfected into tamoxifen resistant MCF7 cells. To our surprise, knockdown of MKP-1 promoted cell death induced by tamoxifen. On the other hand, the MKP1 overexpressed MCF7 cell clone was established and MKP1 overexpression effectively attenuated MCF7 cell death induced by tamoxifen. In addition, we revealed that MKP1 inhibited tamoxifen?mediated JNK activation in tamoxifen resistant MCF7 and MCF7 cells, and by this mechanism MKP1 was able to inhibit tamoxifen-induced cell death. We also showed that combined appliaction of MKP1 inhibitor triptolide and tamoxifen can effectively increase tamoxifen sensitivity in tamoxifen resistant MCF7 cells. Collectively, our results indicated that MKP-1 can attenuate tamoxifen-induced cell death through inhibiting the JNK signal pathway, which represents a novel mechanism of tamoxifen resistance in MCF7 cells."	1
"Title: Interferon-?/? enhances temozolomide activity against MGMT-positive glioma stem-like cells. Abstract: Glioma is one of the most common primary tumors of the central nervous system in adults. Glioblastoma (GBM) is the most lethal type of glioma, whose 5-year survival is 9.8% at best. Glioma stem-like cells (GSCs) play an important role in recurrence and treatment resistance. MGMT is a DNA repair protein that removes DNA adducts and therefore attenuates treatment efficiency. It has been reported that interferon-?/? (IFN-?/?) downregulates the level of MGMT and sensitizes glioma cells to temozolomide. In the present study, we assessed whether IFN-?/? is able to sensitize GSCs to temozolomide by modulating MGMT expression. Upon the treatment of IFN-?/?, the efficacy of temozolomide against MGMT?positive GSCs was markedly enhanced by combination treatment with IFN-?/? when compared with the temozolomide single agent group, and MGMT expression was markedly decreased at the same time. Further mechanistic study showed that IFN-?/? suppressed the NF-?B activity, which further mediated the sensitization of MGMT?positive GSCs to temozolomide. Our data therefore demonstrated that the application of IFN-?/? is a promising agent with which to enhance temozolomide efficiency and reduce drug resistance, and our findings shed light on improving clinical outcomes and prolonging the survival of patients with malignant gliomas."	1
"Title: Curcumin inhibits cell proliferation and induces apoptosis of human non-small cell lung cancer cells through the upregulation of miR-192-5p and suppression of PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Abstract: Curcumin is the main active ingredient extracted from the traditional Chinese medicine, turmeric, which acts against non-small cell lung cancer cell (NSCLC), lowers blood pressure, is anti-inflammatory, choleretic, and exerts anti?oxidant effects, without any obvious toxicity in the long term. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether the anticancer effect of curcumin inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis of human NSCLC through the upregulation of microRNA?192-5p (miR-192-5p) and suppression of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. In the present study, treatment with curcumin inhibited cell proliferation, induced cell apoptosis and increased the caspase-3 activity of A549 cells. The results also showed that, miR-192-5p relative expression of NCL-H460 cells was relatively lower than that of A549 cells, which was higher, with that of BEAS-2E cells being the highest. miR-192-5p mimics suppressed cell proliferation and increased cell apoptosis of A549 cells. However, anti-miR-192-5p mimics increased cell proliferation and inhibited cell apoptosis of A549 cells. Curcumin treatment effectively increased the relative miR?192-5p expression and suppressed the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. miR-192-5p mimics enhanced the effect of curcumin on cell viability and apoptosis and suppressed the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway in A549 cells. Anti-miR-192-5p mimics reversed the effect of curcumin on A549 cells and PI3K/Akt expression. Collectively, our findings suggested that curcumin inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis of human non-small cell lung cancer cells through the upregulation of miR-192-5p and suppression of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Salinomycin inhibits the growth of colorectal carcinoma by targeting tumor stem cells. Abstract: Salinomycin is a monocarboxylic polyether antibiotic that has been reported to induce apoptosis in various types of cancer cells with specificity for cancer stem cells. However, its anticancer effect in colorectal cancer stem cells has never been reported. In the present study, we examined the ability of salinomycin to induce cell death in the colorectal cancer stem cell line CD44+EpCAM+ HCT-116, and we measured its in vivo tumor inhibition capacity. Salinomycin dose-dependently induced cytotoxicity in the CD44+EpCAM+ HCT-116 cells and inhibited colony formation. Salinomycin treatment was shown to induce apoptosis, as evidenced by nuclear fragmentation, an increase in the proportion of acridine orange/ethidium bromide-positive cells and an increase in the percentage of Annexin V-positive cells. Apoptosis was induced in colorectal cancer stem cells in a caspase-dependent manner, as shown by an increase in the levels of cleaved caspase-3, -8 and -9. JC-1 staining further revealed that salinomycin induced colorectal cancer cell apoptosis via the mitochondrial pathway. In addition, salinomycin treatment of xenograft mice inhibited the growth of tumors derived from the CD44+EpCAM+ HCT-116 cells. The present study demonstrated that the antibiotic salinomycin exerts an anti-colorectal cancer effect in vitro and in vivo, suggesting salinomycin as a potential drug for colorectal cancer therapy."	1
"Title: IL-17A-producing T cells and associated cytokines are involved in the progression of gastric cancer. Abstract: Interleukin-17A-producing T cells (IL-17A+ T) (IL-17A+CD4+ Th17, IL-17A+CD8+ Tc17 and IL-17A+ ??T17 cells) and associated cytokines (IL-17A, IL-23 and IL-1?) play crucial roles in inflammation-associated diseases, such as infection, autoimmunity and tumors. Th17 cells promote human gastric cancer (GC), although the source of intracellular IL?17A and the roles of Tc17 and ??T17 cells remain poorly understood. In this study, the frequencies of circulating Th17 and ??T17 cells in patients with GC were found to be significantly increased compared to those in healthy donors; however, Tc17 cells were decreased in these patients, and a negative relationship was found between the frequencies of Th17 and Tc17 cells. Moreover, the cytokine IL?17A was found to be produced mainly by Th17 cells in human peripheral blood. Similarly, serum cytokine levels and relative mRNA expression levels of IL?17A, IL?23 and IL?1? were significantly increased in patients with GC, and the frequency of Th17 cells was closely associated with serum IL?17A concentrations in patients with GC. Additionally, Th17 cells and associated cytokines were present at significantly different levels during the progression and metastasis of GC, as were Tc17 and ??T17 cells. Taken together, these findings suggest that IL-17A+ T cells and associated cytokines might play crucial roles in human GC progression and metastasis and thus represent potential targets for treatment."	1
"Title: Hypoxia-induced fibroblast growth factor 11 stimulates capillary-like endothelial tube formation. Abstract: Low oxygen or hypoxia can be observed in the central region of solid tumors. Hypoxia is a strong stimulus for new blood vessel formation or angiogenesis, which is essential for tumor growth and progression. Fibroblast growth factor 11 (FGF11) is an intracellular non-secretory FGF whose function has not yet been fully characterized. In the present study, we demonstrated that FGF11 expression is upregulated under hypoxic conditions in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). FGF11 overexpression stimulated capillary-like tube formation, yet did not affect cell migration. Notably, FGF11 markedly increased the levels of tight junction proteins including occludin, zonula occludens-1 (ZO-1) and claudin-5 in HUVECs. The FGF11 promoter contains hypoxia response elements (HREs), and hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1) binds to HREs to activate hypoxia-related genes. We demonstrated that hypoxia or HIF-1 expression under normoxic conditions increased the luciferase activity driven by the FGF11 promoter. However, deletion of the HREs from the FGF11 promoter rendered reporter gene activity unresponsive to hypoxia or HIF-1. Taken together, we propose that FGF11 may be involved in the stabilization of capillary-like tube structures associated with angiogenesis and may act as a modulator of hypoxia-induced pathological processes such as tumorigenesis."	1
"Title: Cancer predisposing BARD1 mutations affect exon skipping and are associated with overexpression of specific BARD1 isoforms. Abstract: BARD1 is the main binding partner of BRCA1 and is required for its stability and tumor-suppressor functions. In breast cancer and other epithelial cell carcinomas, alternatively spliced isoforms of BARD1 are highly upregulated and correlated with poor outcome. Recent data indicate that germline mutations of BARD1 may predispose to breast and/or ovarian cancer. To evaluate the role of BARD1 germline mutations in predisposition to ovarian cancer we scanned a cohort of 255 patients for the presence of previously reported mutations located in exons 5, 8 and 10 using high-resolution melting analysis. Within this group we identified single-patients carrying mutation in exon 8 (c.1690C>T, p.Gln564Ter), two different variants in exon 10 (c.1972C>T, p.Arg658Tyr; c.1977A>G, p.=) and a carrier of novel missense mutation located in exon 5 (c.1361C>T, p.Pro454Leu). Three out of four identified mutations alter exonic splicing enhancing motives and result in expression of incorrect splicing skipping of exons 5, 8, and 2-9, respectively. Our data indicate that BARD1 variants may predispose to ovarian cancer in limited number of patients although based on actual data it is difficult to estimate its actual penetrance."	1
"Title: PEITC inhibits human brain glioblastoma GBM 8401 cell migration and invasion through the inhibition of uPA, Rho A, and Ras with inhibition of MMP-2, -7 and -9 gene expression. Abstract: Glioblastoma is the most aggressive primary brain malignancy, and the efficacy of multimodality treatments remains unsatisfactory. Phenethyl isothiocyanate (PEITC), one member of the isothiocyanate family, was found to inhibit the migration and invasion of many types of human cancer cells. In our previous study, PEITC induced the apoptosis of human brain glioblastoma GBM 8401 cells through the extrinsic and intrinsic signaling pathways. In the present study, we first investigated the effects of PEITC on the migration and invasion of GBM 8401 cells. PEITC decreased the migration of GBM 8401 cells in a dose-dependent manner as determined from scratch wound healing and Transwell migration assays. The percentage of inhibition ranged from 46.89 to 15.75%, and from 27.80 to 7.31% after a 48-h treatment of PEITC as determined from the Transwell migration assay and invasion assay, respectively. The western blot analysis indicated that PEITC decreased the levels of proteins associated with migration and invasion, Ras, uPA, RhoA, GRB2, p-p38, p-JNK, p-ERK, p65, SOS1, MMP-2, MMP-9 and MMP-13, in a dose-dependent manner. Real-time PCR analyses revealed that PEITC reduced the mRNA levels of MMP-2, MMP-7, MMP-9 and RhoA in a dose- and time-dependent manner. PEITC exhibited potent anticancer activities through the inhibition of migration and invasion in the GBM 8401 cells. Our findings elucidate the possible molecular mechanisms and signaling pathways of the anti-metastatic effects of PEITC on human brain glioblastoma cells, and PEITC may be considered as a therapeutic agent."	1
"Title: Knockdown of Eag1 Expression by RNA Interference Increases Chemosensitivity to Cisplatin in Ovarian Cancer Cells. Abstract: Ether á go-go 1 (Eag1) is frequently highly expressed in various malignant cancers and its excessive expression is correlated with poor prognosis in various cancers. However, the relationship of Eag1 expression with the clinical outcome of patients having ovarian cancer treated with cisplatin-based adjuvant chemotherapy is still unknown. In this study, we measured the expression of Eag1 in ovarian cancer and investigated the association between cisplatin chemosensitivity of ovarian cancer cells and Eag1 expression level. We demonstrate that decreased expression of Eag1 correlates with favorable prognosis in patients treated with cisplatin-based adjuvant chemotherapy and predicts higher cisplatin sensitivity in ovarian cancer cells. In vitro, knockdown of Eag1 by small interfering RNA facilitated the sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells (SKOV3 and TYK) to cisplatin-induced apoptosis via nuclear factor ?-light chain-enhancer of activated B cells (NF-?B) pathway. Furthermore, knockdown of Eag1 expression was associated with decreased expression of the P-glycoprotein without affecting multidrug resistance-associated protein 1 expression. Taken together, Eag1 may serve as a potential indicator to predict Eag1 chemosensitivity, and silencing Eag1 may represent a potential therapeutic strategy for ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Ultrasound-targeted microbubble destruction-mediated downregulation of CD133 inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition, stemness and migratory ability of liver cancer stem cells. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is an aggressive disease with a poor outcome due to the high incidence of metastasis. Cancer stem cells (CSCs) have been identified to be responsible for tumor progression and may be generated by epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) characteristics. CD133 is a specific surface marker for liver cancer stem cells (LCSCs), which is also considered as an important functional factor for tumorigenesis and overall survival in HCC. Ultrasound-targeted microbubble destruction (UTMD) has recently been used as a novel, safe and effective gene transfection technology. The aim of the present study was to elucidate the regulatory mechanism of CD133 and EMT in LCSCs and whether the UTMD-based shRNA delivery system facilitated gene delivery in LCSCs. In the present study, CD133+ cells were isolated from the SMMC-7721 HCC cell line and then transfected with shCD133 mediated by UTMD and liposomes, respectively. Compared to the liposomes group, the UTMD group resulted in significantly improved transfection efficiency. The downregulation of CD133 reversed the EMT program, attenuated self-renewal, proliferation and migration of CD133+ LCSCs and suppressed the growth of CSC tumor xenografts. Additionally, the downregulation of CD133 led to downregulation of the nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) pathway. The present study demonstrated that CD133 plays a critical role in the regulation of the EMT process, tumor-initiating properties and migratory ability of LCSCs. The UTMD technique targeted for CD133 downregulation may be examined as a potential therapeutic strategy for HCC."	1
"Title: Silencing ?-linked N-acetylglucosamine transferase induces apoptosis in human gastric cancer cells through PUMA and caspase-3 pathways. Abstract: ?-linked N-acetylglucosamine (GlcNAc) is a monosaccharide that is catalyzed by O-GlcNAcylation transferase (OGT) to bind serine or threonine hydroxyl moieties of numerous nuclear and cytoplasmic proteins. Recent studies have shown that O-GlcNAcylation is elevated in various cancer types, which is associated with oncogenesis and tumor progression. However, whether OGT is expressed and/or plays a role in gastric cancer is unknown. In the present study, we used qPCR to determine that OGT mRNA levels are significantly elevated in gastric cancer tissues compared with that in corresponding adjacent tissues. In addition, in vivo silencing of OGT in nude mice suppressed tumor proliferation and decreased tumor burden. Furthermore, in vitro OGT knockdown induced more cell apoptosis through increasing PUMA and caspase-3 expression. We used a glycan-binding protein gene microarray to identify potential downstream target genes of OGT, and found that apoptosis-related genes such as galectin and HBEGF were decreased after OGT suppression, suggesting that OGT silencing induces apoptosis in gastric cancer tissues. We concluded that OGT plays a key role in gastric cancer proliferation and survival, and could be a potential target for therapy."	1
"Title: Autocrine interferon-? may affect malignant behavior and sensitivity to tamoxifen of MCF-7 via estrogen receptor ? subtype. Abstract: Mitogenic actions of estrogens are mediated by two distinct estrogen receptors (ERs), which are critical in the progression and therapeutic response of breast cancer. ER expression is a dynamic phenomenon that is regulated by numerous factors, including cytokines, in the tumor microenvironment. Recently, studies have shown that autocrine production of IL-4 promotes cancer cell growth and there is negative correlation between tumor IL-4 and hormone receptor levels, suggesting that there is crosstalk between cytokine receptors and ER. Thus, we evaluated for interaction between the two ERs and the cytokines IL-4 and IFN-?, and if this interaction modulates malignant behavior. We identified that ER? exerts protective activity in the progression of breast cancer cell line MCF-7, which co-expresses ER? and ER?. IFN-? and IL-4 have the opposite effects on malignant biological behavior. Furthermore, we found positive correlation between IFN-? and ER? expression in MCF-7. We also determined that autocrine IFN-? in MCF-7 increases mRNA expression of ER? resulting in enhanced sensitivity to tamoxifen (TAM). These results indicate that ER? and autocrine IFN-? represent two putative targets for breast cancer therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-205 suppresses the growth of adrenocortical carcinoma SW-13 cells via targeting Bcl-2. Abstract: Compared to adrenocortical adenoma (ACA), adrenocortical carcinoma (ACC) has very poor prognosis and limited treatment options. Also conventional methods to distinguish ACC from ACA can be difficult. At this time, no molecular pathological markers are reliable enough to distinguish either tumor. Recently, increasing data have indicated miRNAs to be crucial regulators in the tumor?related processes. In the present study, we found that miR-205 expression is significantly suppressed in ACC tissues compared with ACAs, and that this induces apoptosis and impairs proliferation of ACC SW-13 cells in vitro as well as inhibits tumor growth in vivo. Using bioinformatic predictions, Bcl-2 was identified to be a target of miR-205 via 3'-untranslated region (3'UTR) interactions, which was confirmed by luciferase assay, qRT-PCR, immunohistochemical assay and western blotting showing that mRNA and protein expression of Bcl-2 were negatively related to miR-205. Further investigation into the mechanism found that activation of Bcl-2 cleaved Bax, releasing caspase-9 and -3 that are involved in the intrinsic apoptosis pathway, eventually inducing SW-13 cell apoptosis. In conclusion, miR-205 suppresses the growth of ACC SW-13 cells via targeting the anti-apoptotic gene Bcl-2."	1
"Title: miR-130a regulates macrophage polarization and is associated with non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Lung cancer is the most common cancer as well as the leading cause of cancer-related mortalities worldwide. Macrophages are the most abundant immune cells in primary and metastatic tumors, and contribute to tumor initiation, progression and metastasis. Macrophages have been shown to demonstrate a high level of plasticity, with the ability to undergo dynamic transition between M1 and M2 polarized phenotypes. In the present study, we investigated a pivotal role of miR-130a in macrophage polarization and whether it was associated with poor prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), using RT-qPCR and western blot analyses. The in vitro experiments showed that miRNA-130a was expressed at a higher level in M1 compared to M2 macrophages. The enforced expression of miR-130a in macrophages resulted in a significantly increased production of proinflammatory cytokines, whereas deletion of miR-130a impaired the M2?associated gene expression and led to an M1-biased response. Mechanistically, the bioinformatics analysis revealed that proliferator-activated receptor ? (PPAR?) is a potential target of miR-130a. Additionally, the luciferase assay confirmed that PPAR? translation was suppressed by miR-130a through the interaction with the 3'UTR of PPAR? mRNA. A subsequent analysis revaled that the induction of miR-130a suppressed PPAR? protein expression. In NSCLC patients, the results showed that miR-130a downregulation exhibited clinical relevance as it was correlated with poor prognosis and increased tumor stage and metastasis. In addition, miR?130a was inversely correlated with the macrophage marker, CD163, and target gene, PPAR?. Taken together, the results established miR-130a as a molecular switch during macrophage development and as a potential target for the treatment of NSCLC."	1
"Title: Autophagy in human skin squamous cell carcinoma: Inhibition by 3-MA enhances the effect of 5-FU-induced chemotherapy sensitivity. Abstract: Autophagy is an intracellular multi-step catabolic degradation process that involves the degradation and recycling of cellular proteins and cytoplasmic damaged organelles to maintain cellular homeostasis and reduction of metabolic stress. Numerous studies have indicated the importance of autophagy in cancer, but the role of autophagy in human skin squamous cell carcinoma (SSCC) development and response to therapy it is still unclear. In the present study, we investigated the role of autophagy in SSCC and the relationship with chemotherapy sensitivity. The present study demonstrated that autophagy related gene the microtubule-associated protein 1 light chain 3 (LC3) expression was low in SSCC. The negative correlation with Bcl2 and survivin, and the chemotherapy drug 5-FU increased the level of autophagy and the autophagy inhibitor 3-MA inhibited this effect in SSCC cells, time- and dose-dependently. When SSCC cells were treated first with 3-MA and then with 5-FU, the inhibition of proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis of SSCC cells was enhanced. Our results suggested the possibility of autophagy as a potential target in SSCC therapy and 3-MA and 5-FU combination treatment may be an effective SSCC therapy via autophagy modulating."	1
"Title: CMTM8 inhibits the carcinogenesis and progression of bladder cancer. Abstract: Bladder cancer is the most common tumor of the urinary tract. The incidence of bladder cancer has increased in the last few decades, thus novel molecular markers for early diagnosis and more efficacious treatment are urgently needed. Chemokine?like factor (CKLF)?like MARVEL transmembrane domain containing 8 (CMTM8) is downregulated in several types of cancers and is associated with tumor progression. However, CMTM8 expression has been unexplored in bladder cancer to date. Our results revealed that the expression of CMTM8 was negative in 46 of 74 (62.2%) bladder cancer samples via immunohistochemistry assay. CMTM8 downregulation was associated with advancing tumor stage and tumor grade. CMTM8 was successfully overexpressed by lentivirus in EJ and T24 cells, and the CCK?8 and Transwell assays showed that CMTM8 overexpression decreased cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro. In tumor xenografts upregulation of CMTM8 inhibited tumor growth and lymph node metastasis in vivo. In conclusion, overexpression of CMTM8 in bladder cancer results in reduced malignant cell growth, migration and invasion, which could make it a potential therapeutic target in the treatment of bladder cancer."	1
"Title: Caveolin-1 mediates chemoresistance in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells by targeting apoptosis through the Notch-1/Akt/NF-?B pathway. Abstract: Caveolin-1 (Cav-1), a family of ubiquitously expressed oligomeric structural proteins in many mammalian cells, has been shown to be an effective regulator of tumorigenesis. Recent studies have indicated that Cav-1 can promote resistance to chemotherapy in a variety of tumors. However, the regulation of Cav-1 on chemoresistance in ovarian cancer is still unknown. In the present study, the mRNA and protein expression level was investigated by RT-PCR and western blot analysis, respectively, and the 50% inhibitory concentration (IC50) value was measured by MTT assay. The protein expression level of P-glycoprotein (P-gp), Notch-1, p-Akt and p-NF-?B p65 were detected using western blot analysis and the apoptotic ratio was determined using the Annexin V-FITC/PI detection kit. The results showed that the mRNA and protein expression levels of Cav-1 were significantly higher in SKOV3/DDP and A2780/DDP than in SKOV3 and A2780, respectively. Knockdown of Cav-1 significantly decreased the IC50 value in cisplatin-resistant cells. The protein expression level of P-gp in SKOV3/DDP and A2780/DDP was significant higher than SKOV3 and A2780, respectively, and had no correlation with the Cav-1 siRNA transfection. The apoptotic ratio induced by cisplatin in normal ovarian cancer cells was higher than cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells, and knockdown of Cav-1 could significantly enhance cisplatin induced cell apoptosis. Furthermore, knockdown of Cav-1 was also able to significantly downregulate the protein expression level of Notch-1, p-Akt and p-NF-?B p65 in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells. Overexpression of Cav-1 upregulated the IC50 value, but under the effect of Notch-1 siRNA or LY294002 or PDTC, the IC50 value was markedly decreased. Our results suggested that Cav-1 can promote the chemoresistance of ovarian cancer by targeting apoptosis through the Notch-1/Akt/NF-?B pathway."	1
"Title: MiR-205 promotes motility of ovarian cancer cells via targeting ZEB1. Abstract: To investigate the clinical significance of microRNA-205 (miR-205) and zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1 (ZEB1) in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) and the underlying mechanisms by which they are involved into tumorigenesis. Methods: Expression levels of miR-205 and ZEB1 mRNA in EOC tissues were detected by quantitative real-time PCR. Their associations with clinicopathological features of EOC patients were statistically analyzed. Luciferase reporter assay was used to confirm target associations between miR-205 and ZEB1. After that, the functions of miR-205-ZEB1 axis on cell migration and invasion were further determined by transwell assay in vitro. Results: Expression levels of miR-205 (P=0.0001) and ZEB1 mRNA (P<0.0001) in clinical EOC tissues were significantly higher and lower than those in normal tissues, respectively. Interestingly, there was a negative correlation between miR-205 and ZEB1 mRNA expression in EOC tissues (P=0.01). Additionally, miR-205-upregulation and/or ZEB1-downregulation were significantly associated with high pathological grade and advanced clinical stage of EOC patients (all P<0.05). Meantime, luciferase reporter assays identified ZEB1 as a direct target of miR-205 in EOC cells. Moreover, miR-205 blockage inhibited, whereas miR-205 mimics promoted the motility of EOC cells in vitro. Importantly, all the alterations of the above cellular phenotypes by blocking or enhancing of miR-205 could be alleviated by subsequent suppression or re-introduction of its target ZEB1, respectively. Conclusion: MiR-205, acting as an oncogenic miRNA, may promote the clinical progression of EOC patients and enhance the cellular motility in vitro by directly and negatively regulating ZEB1, providing a potential therapeutic strategy for suppression of EOC metastasis."	1
"Title: Downregulation of MACC1 inhibits invasion, migration and proliferation, attenuates cisplatin resistance and induces apoptosis in tongue squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression and function of metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 (MACC1) in tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC) and its relationship with the expression of extracellular matrix metalloproteinase inducer (EMMPRIN) (CD147). Levels of MACC1 and EMMPRIN expression were analyzed in 65 paraffin?embedded tissue specimens of TSCC and in the adjacent non-cancerous tissues using immunohistochemistry (IHC). MACC1 expression was highly associated with lymphatic metastasis and EMMPRIN expression. Overexpression of MACC1 was significantly correlated with poor overall patient survival. A small interfering RNA (siRNA) was delivered into TSCCA cells to downregulate MACC1 expression. The CCK-8 assay showed that TSCCA cell proliferation was markedly reduced and that cisplatin resistance was attenuated. The suppression of MACC1 promoted the apoptosis of the TSCCA cell line. A Transwell experiment demonstrated that the migration and invasion abilities of the TSCCA cells were extremely downregulated. An ELISA experiment and western blotting revealed that the secretion of urokinase-type plasminogen activator system (uPA) in the supernatant of the culture medium and uPA expression were significantly reduced. Experiments revealed that the secretion of metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2) in the supernatant of the culture medium and MMP2 expression were not affected. MACC1 may serve as a novel biomarker and therapeutic target for TSCC."	1
"Title: Inhibition of PGC-1? after chemotherapy-mediated insult confines multiple myeloma cell survival by affecting ROS accumulation. Abstract: Peroxisome proliferator?activated receptor-? coactivator-1? (PGC-1?) is a key regulator of reactive oxygen species (ROS). However, whether it has the same role in multiple myeloma (MM), especially after treatement with chemotherapy, remains unclear. After treating cells with bortezomib or dexamethasone, the expression of PGC-1?, superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD-2) and catalase (CAT) was examined by RT-PCR. PGC-1? expression was also analyzed by western blotting. Small?interference RNA (siRNA) was applied to inhibit the expression of PGC-1? after chemotherapy. Changes of cellular ROS and apoptosis were detected by flow cytometric analysis. Cell proliferation was assessed by MTT assay. The expression of PGC-1? and SOD-2 following chemotherapy were upregulated, but accompanied by increased ROS. Following suppression of PGC-1?, ROS levels, as well as the pro-apoptotic effect of bortezomib were further increased. These findings suggested that PGC-1? regulates ROS in MM, and that inhibition of elevated PGC-1? following stimulation by chemotherapy leads to a higher level of ROS by downregulating antioxidant factors, eventually enhancing the antitumor effect of bortezomib."	1
"Title: miR-218 suppresses tumor growth and enhances the chemosensitivity of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma to cisplatin. Abstract: A growing body of evidence suggests that microRNA-218 (miR-218) acts as a tumor suppressor and is involved in tumor progression, development and metastasis and confers sensitivity to certain chemotherapeutic drugs in several types of cancer. However, our knowledge concerning the exact roles played by miR-218 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) and the underlying molecular mechanisms remain relatively unclear. Thus, the aims of this study were to detect the expression of miR-218 in human ESCC tissues and explore its effects on the biological features and chemosensitivity to cisplatin (CDDP) in an ESCC cell line (Eca109), so as to provide new insights for ESCC treatment. Here, we found increased expression of miR-218 in the ESCC tissues compared with that in the matched non-tumor tissues, and its expression level was correlated with key pathological characteristics including clinical stage, tumor depth and metastasis. We also found that enforced expression of miR-218 significantly decreased cell proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion, induced cell apoptosis and arrested the cell cycle in the G0/G1 phase, as well as suppressed tumor growth in a nude mouse model. In addition, our results showed that miR-218 mimics increased the sensitivity to the antitumor effect of CDDP in the human Eca109 cells. Importantly, this study also showed that miR-218 regulated the expression of phosphorylated PI3K, AKT and mTOR, which may contribute to suppressed tumor growth of ESCC and enhanced sensitivity of ESCC cells. These findings suggest that miR-218 is a potential therapeutic agent for the treatment of ESCC."	1
"Title: HOXA7 stimulates human hepatocellular carcinoma proliferation through cyclin E1/CDK2. Abstract: HOX genes are transcription factors that control morphogenesis, organogenesis and differentiation. Increasing evidence suggests that HOX genes play a role in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) progression; however few studies have defined the functional roles and mechanisms of action. In the present study, we used siRNA and forced-expression in multiple cell lines to define the role of HOXA7 in the regulation of proliferation of HCC in vitro and in vivo. Knockdown of endogenous HOXA7 decreased the proliferation of HepG2 and QGY-7703 cells. These changes were not associated with significant changes in cyclin D1 and CDK4. However, downregulation of HOXA7 significantly reduced cyclin E1 and CDK2 protein levels. Conversely, overexpression of HOXA7 in QSG-7701 cells stimulated proliferation and increased cyclin E1 and CDK2 protein levels. Our results confirmed that HOXA7 promoted cell proliferation, and these changes were mediated by cyclin E1/CDK2. These observations contribute to our understanding of the important roles of HOXA7 in HCC development and progression and HOXA7 could be a promising molecular target for the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for HCC."	1
"Title: Tumor protein D52-like 2 contributes to proliferation of breast cancer cells. Abstract: Breast cancer is a major cause of cancer-related death among women. Tumor protein D52-like 2 (TPD52L2) is one member of the TPD52 family, which has been shown to function in mediating cell proliferation, apoptosis, and vehicle trafficking. TPD52 was originally identified in human breast carcinoma. In this study, the authors found that TPD52L2 is extensively expressed in multiple human breast cancer cell lines. To elucidate the functional role of TPD52L2 in breast cancer, the authors employed lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to knock down TPD52L2 in one breast cancer cell line, ZR-75-30, which showed high TPD52L2 expression. The shRNA-mediated TPD52L2 knockdown inhibited the proliferation and colony formation in ZR-75-30 cells, as determined by MTT and colony formation assays. Knockdown of TPD52L2 led to an accumulation of cells in the G0/G1 phase of the cell cycle. Furthermore, knockdown of TPD52L2 promoted GSK3? phosphorylation in ZR-75-30 cells. This investigation indicates that TPD52L2 plays an essential role in the growth of breast cancer cells, which may contribute to provide gene therapy for breast cancer treatment."	1
"Title: Galanin plays an important role in cancer invasiveness and is associated with poor prognosis in stage II colorectal cancer. Abstract: Reliable predictors of tumor recurrence for patients with stage II colorectal cancer (CRC) are needed to select patients who should receive adjuvant chemotherapy. Although galanin (GAL) is expressed in several malignant tumors and is associated with cell proliferation and tumor growth, the prognostic value of GAL expression in CRC is poorly understood. We compared GAL expression between 56 patients with stage II and III CRC who developed tumor recurrences and 56 patients who did not. The clinical and prognostic significance of GAL expression was examined using our data and independent public datasets. We also analyzed the influence of GAL expression on the proliferation and invasive activity of CRC cells. Higher expression of GAL was associated with tumor recurrence among the CRC patients (P<0.001). Stage II CRC patients who presented with high expression levels of GAL had significantly poorer prognosis than those with low expression levels of GAL [5-year overall survival: hazard ratio (HR), 7.31; 95% confidence interval (CI), 2.38-24.04; P<0.001; 5-year recurrence-free survival: HR, 3.99; 95% CI, 1.61?9.44; P=0.004], but there was no association between GAL expression and survival in stage III CRC patients. These findings were supported by analysis of two public datasets. Functionally, siRNA-mediated silencing of GAL resulted in a significant decrease in the proliferative and invasive activities of CRC cells. In conclusion, high expression of GAL is associated with poor prognosis of stage II CRC patients and GAL expression may be related to the aggressive behavior of CRC."	1
"Title: Knockdown of tumor protein D52-like 2 induces cell growth inhibition and apoptosis in oral squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Tumor protein D52-like 2 (TPD52L2) and its family members form homo- and hetero-meric complexes essential for cell proliferation in multiple human cancers. TPD52L2 is involved in cell migration and attachment in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC). To confirm the role of TPD52L2 in OSCC, we employed the lentivirus-delivered small interfering RNA (siRNA) technique to knock down TPD52L2 expression in two OSCC cell lines, CAL27, and KB. Knockdown of TPD52L2 by RNA interference markedly suppressed cell proliferation and colony formation. Cell cycle analysis showed that depletion of TPD52L2 led to CAL27 cells arrest in the S phase. We found an excessive accumulation of cells in the sub-G1 phase, which can represent apoptotic cells. TPD52L2 silencing also induced the cleavage of PARP. These results suggest that TPD52L2 is involved in OSCC cell growth and serves as a potential therapeutic target in human OSCC."	1
"Title: Upregulation of AIOLOS induces apoptosis and enhances etoposide chemosensitivity in Jurkat leukemia cells. Abstract: T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL) is an aggressive neoplastic disorder of immature hematopoietic precursors committed to T-cell lineage. T-ALL accounts for ~15% of pediatric ALL cases and is prone to early relapse. With new and improved treatment protocols, the prognosis of T-ALL has improved particularly in children; however, the outcome of relapsed T-ALL cases remains poor. The AIOLOS gene is necessary to control lymphocyte differentiation and may be a potential target of T-ALL therapy. In the present study, Jurkat cells were divided into three groups: untransfected (UT) control, lentiviral vector control (Lenti-Mock) and AIOLOS-overexpressing (Lenti-AIOLOS) groups. Lenti-AIOLOS Jurkat cells were constructed by lentiviral transduction; cell cycle analysis, apoptosis and cytotoxicity assays were then performed to evaluate the effects of AIOLOS on cell cycle distribution, apoptosis and cell chemosensitivity to etoposide of Jurkat cells in vitro. Moreover, the expression levels of genes associated with apoptosis and cell cycle were investigated by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Results showed that the percentage of Jurkat cells in the G0/G1 phase increased from 71.5 (UT) to 85.4% (Lenti-AIOLOS; P<0.05), yet the percentage of cells in the S-phase decreased from 15.1 (UT) to 11.6% (Lenti?AIOLOS; P<0.05). The percentage of total apoptotic cells was significantly increased in the AIOLOS-transfected Jurkat cells (21.93%) compared with this percentage in the Lenti-Mock (13.35%) or the UT group (13.30%; P<0.05). Consistent with these results, AIOLOS overexpression induced P21 and P27 upregulation and CCND3 and SKP2 downregulation. Furthermore, AIOLOS overexpression synergistically increased the cytotoxic effects of etoposide and downregulated NF-?B expression. Our findings revealed that lentivirus-mediated AIOLOS overexpression in Jurkat cells induced cell apoptosis, arrested the cell cycle at the G0/G1 phase, and synergistically increased the sensitivity of Jurkat cells to etoposide by inhibiting NF-?B activity."	1
"Title: Combined treatment of XIAP-targeting shRNA and celecoxib synergistically inhibits the tumor growth of non?small cell lung cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP) has been shown to be highly expressed in lung cancer, but not in normal lung tissue, which makes it an attractive target for lung cancer treatment. Celecoxib (CXB), a cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitor, is in wide clinical use for the treatment and prevention of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Therefore, in our study, we combined short hairpin RNA (shRNA) targeted to XIAP (XIAP-shRNA) with CXB and tested the effects of this combination on lung cancer cells to identify more effective therapeutics against lung cancer. An XIAP-shRNA plasmid was constructed and transfected into the A549 NSCLC cell line. The cells were then treated with CXB and XIAP-shRNA alone or in combination for indicated time periods, and the treatments were assessed for their effects on cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion and receptor signaling using the MTT, TUNEL, wound healing and Matrigel invasion assays and western blotting, respectively. In addition, an NSCLC xenograft model was prepared to observe tumor growth. It was found that both CXB and XIAP?shRNA significantly inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and induced cell apoptosis in vitro, as well as suppressed tumor growth in vivo. Moreover, the combination of the agents significantly enhanced these effects compared to the single agent treatments. We also found that the combination treatment significantly suppressed constitutive phosphorylation of PI3K and AKT, which may contribute to the inhibition of tumor growth. These findings suggest that the combination of XIAP?shRNA and CXB is a promising drug candidate for the treatment of NSCLC."	1
"Title: Nucleosome-binding protein HMGN2 exhibits antitumor activity in human SaO2 and U2-OS osteosarcoma cell lines. Abstract: High mobility group N (HMGNs) are members of the high mobility group protein family, and are involved in the development and progression of several tumors. HMGN1 and HMGN5 were previously shown to be associated with the bioactivities of osteosarcoma. However, the effects and molecular mechanisms of HMGN2 on osteosarcoma progression remain to be determined. In order to characterize the endogenous expression of HMGN2 in osteosarcoma cell lines, RT-PCR and western blot analysis were performed. Recombinant HMGN2 lentivirus was used to infect the osteosarcoma cell lines with relatively low HMGN2 expression to determine the functional relevance of HMGN2 overexpression in osteosarcoma cell growth and migration in vitro and in vivo, and to investigate the expression levels of Ki-67, PCNA, cyclin D1 and cyclin E. The results showed that osteosarcoma cell proliferation and migration were significantly reduced by HMGN2, as indicated by cell count and wound-healing assays. Cell apoptosis was markedly induced and HMGN2 increased the sensitivity to chemotherapy. When HMGN2 expression was enhanced, the expression of cyclin D1 and PCNA was downregulated in osteosarcoma cells. In addition, the tumor volumes in SaO2 and U2-OS subcutaneous nude mouse models treated with HMGN2 lentivirus were significantly decreased as compared to those of the GFP group. These results suggested that the enhanced expression of HMGN2 in osteosarcoma cells by HMGN2 lentivirus, exerts inhibitory effects on growth and migration of osteosarcoma cells."	1
"Title: Silencing XIAP suppresses osteosarcoma cell growth, and enhances the sensitivity of osteosarcoma cells to doxorubicin and cisplatin. Abstract: X-chromosome-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP) is an important member of the inhibitors of apoptosis (IAP) family. It has been shown that XIAP promotes the invasion, metastasis, growth and survival of malignant cells, and confers resistance to some chemotherapeutic drugs in various types of cancer. However, little is known regarding its detailed role in osteosarcoma (OS). In the present study, we first investigated the expression of XIAP in OS tissues, and an increased expression of XIAP in OS tissues compared to adjacent non-tumor tissue was identified. Additionally, its expression level correlated with key pathological characteristics including clinical stage, tumor size and metastasis. Subsequently, small interfering RNA (siRNA) was used to block XIAP expression to evaluate the effect of XIAP siRNA on cell proliferation, colony formation, cell cycle, apoptosis, tumorigenicity, and the combined effects of doxorubicin or cisplatin in OS cell lines (MG63 cells). Downregulation of XIAP expression using the RNA silencing approach efficiently decreased cell proliferation and colony formation, and induced cell apoptosis and cell cycle in the G0/G1 stage. In addition, this downregulation inhibited tumor growth in a nude murine model. The resuls also showed that treatment with XIAP-shRNA in combination with doxorubicin or cisplatin enhanced chemosensitivity. These results suggested that XIAP may aid the diagnosis of OS and may be an effective strategy for gene therapy of this disease."	1
"Title: Dickkopf-3 (Dkk3) induces apoptosis in cisplatin-resistant lung adenocarcinoma cells via the Wnt/?-catenin pathway. Abstract: Previous studies have shown that Dickkopf?3 (Dkk3) is inactivated in lung cancer cells, while the inactivation of the Wnt/??catenin signaling pathway by Dkk3 inhibits lung cancer progression. In the present study, we investigated whether Dkk3 enhances the sensitivity of lung cancer cells to cisplatin. A549, Calu1 and H460 lung adenocarcinoma cell lines were transfected with DKK3 siRNA, while the cisplatin?resistant subline A549cis was transfected with DKK3. DKK3 expression was attenuated in A549cis, Calu1cis and H460cis compared to A549, Calu1 and H460, respectively. Lung adenocarcinoma cell growth, proliferation, apoptosis, cell cycle in vitro and in vivo were then analyzed. DKK3 knockdown by siRNA transfection rendered A549, Calu1 and H460 resistant to cisplatin. As a result of DKK3 transfection, the expression of DKK3 and E?cadherin was significantly upregulated, while that of MMP7, survivin, c?myc and cyclin D1 was downregulated. DKK3 overexpression retarded cell proliferation, induced cell cycle arrest and apoptosis, and reduced cell invasive ability in the A549 and A549cis cells. In addition, the proportions of apoptotic cells and the PARP level were significantly increased in A549cis? and H460cis?DKK3 cells treated with cisplatin. Moreover, tumor growth was retarded more in cisplatin?treated nude mice seeded with A549cis?DKK3 cells than with A549cis cells. Cell viability increased with the pretreatment of SB216763 for 2 h in A549cis and A549cis?DKK3 cells incubated with cisplatin (1 µM) for 72 h. In conclusion, the re?activation of Dkk3 enhances the chemosensitivity to cisplatin in cisplatin?resistant lung adenocarcinoma cell lines, which requires additional studies to realize this potential in clinical use."	1
"Title: Erastin sensitizes glioblastoma cells to temozolomide by restraining xCT and cystathionine-?-lyase function. Abstract: Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is one of the most common encephalic malignant tumors. Due to a high recurrence rate and a lack of effective treatments, the average survival rate remains low. Temozolomide (TMZ), a class of alkylating agent, is widely used as a first-line therapeutic drug during the adjuvant treatment for GBM patients. However, most patients exhibit a palpable resistance to TMZ treatment. Additionally, the underlying mechanism remains to be clarified. In this study, glutathione (GSH) and reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels were found to be closely associated with the sensitivity of GBM cells to TMZ. We also found that TMZ markedly induced xCT, the subunit of glutamate/cystine transporter system xc- expression, which together with the GSH synthesis was increased while the TMZ-inducible ROS level was decreased in GBM cells. In addition, the cystathionine ?-lyase (CTH) acivity, a key enzyme in the transsulfuration pathway was enhanced by TMZ, which insured a cysteine supply and GSH synthesis in a compensatory manner when xCT was blocked. Thus, the individual inhibition of xCT by siRNA and a pharmacological inhibitor (sulfasalazine) only partially inhibited GSH synthesis and moderately enhanced the GBM cell sensitivity to TMZ. However, the TMZ?induced cytotoxicity was markedly increased along with a marked decrease in GSH levels as result of co-treatment with erastin, which inhibited cysteine uptake from xCT transporter and suppressed CTH activity, leading to impaired transformation from methionine to cysteine. In conclusion, to GBM therapy with a drug combination of TMZ and erastin may be beneficial."	1
"Title: Overexpression of interleukin-18 protein reduces viability and induces apoptosis of tongue squamous cell carcinoma cells by activation of glycogen synthase kinase-3? signaling. Abstract: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of interleukin-18 (IL-18) expression on regulating the viability and apoptosis of tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC) cells in vitro and examine the underlying molecular events. Human IL-18 cDNA was cloned into the vector pcDNA3.1 (+) and transfected into CRL-1623 cells. Quantitative reverse transcription-PCR (RT-qPCR), western blot analysis, immunofluorescence, cell viability MTT assay, flow cytometric Annexin V/propidium iodide (PI), Giemsa staining, and caspase-3 activity assay were performed. The data showed that overexpression of IL-18 protein reduced TSCC cell viability by inducing apoptosis. Compared with cells transfected with the control vector, IL-18 expression activated caspase-3, -7, and -9 by inducing their cleavage and increased the expression of interferon (IFN)-? and cytochrome c mRNA, but reduced cyclin D1 and A1 expression in TSCC cells. IL-18 expression upregulated the expression and phosphorylation of glycogen synthase kinase (GSK)-3? protein in CRL1623 cells, whereas the selective GSK-3? inhibitor kenpaullone antagonized the effects of IL-18 protein on TSCC cells in vitro. The results indicated that IL-18 played an important role in the inhibition of TSCC cell growth and may be further investigated as a novel therapeutic target against TSCC."	1
"Title: p53-induced microRNA-1246 inhibits the cell growth of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells by targeting NFIB. Abstract: In recent years, miR-1246 has been identified as a transcriptional target of p53 in Down syndrome and may provide a new p53-miR-1246-DYRK1A-NFAT pathway in cancer. The present study aimed to explore the role of miR-1246 in the tumorigenesis of human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). We found that wild-type p53 regulated the expression of miR-1246 in HCC cell lines, and alteration of miR-1246 modulated cell proliferation, colony formation ability and apoptosis. The nuclear factor I/B (NFIB), an oncogene, was identified as a direct target gene of miR-1246 using a fluorescent reporter assay. Overexpression of NFIB abolished the regulation of cell apoptosis caused by miR-1246 in HepG2 cells. This finding suggests that miR-1246 is regulated by p53 and suppresses the growth of human HCC by targeting NFIB. Here, we propose a new p53-miR-1246-NFIB pathway in HCC."	1
"Title: Stimulation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? inhibits estrogen receptor ? transcriptional activity in endometrial carcinoma cells. Abstract: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? (PPAR?) and estrogen receptor (ER) belong to a family of nuclear hormone receptors that have been demonstrated to affect each other's transcriptional activity. At present, little is known regarding the effect of PPAR? on ER-mediated transcriptional activity in endometrial carcinoma. In the present study, we aimed to demonstrate the correlation between PPAR? and ER in endometrial carcinoma and to elucidate the biological effects of abnormal expression of PPAR? on endometrial carcinoma cell lines. Immunohistochemical and western blotting methods were used to detect the expression of PPAR?, ER? and ER? in normal and malignant endometrium. Next, we performed transient transfection to assess the interaction between PPAR? and ER in vitro. Furthermore, we examined cell migration, invasion and proliferation as a biological counterpart. PPAR? and ER? expression levels were significantly associated with pathological grade and clinical stage in endometrial carcinoma (P<0.05). Pearson correlation analysis revealed that PPAR? expression was positively correlated with ER? expression (P<0.05). Using KLE and ER?-positive cells (ECC-1), we demonstrated that the PPAR? regulation of ER expression occurred predominantly through ER?. Moreover, our findings suggest that PPAR? activation inhibited the migration, invasion and proliferation of endometrial carcinoma cells; ECC-1 cells were more sensitive to this inhibition. The present study demonstrated that PPAR? activation inhibited ER? expression in ER?-positive endometrial carcinoma cell lines. This crosstalk may facilitate the development of novel therapeutic methods targeting PPAR? in endometrial carcinoma treatment, particularly ER?-positive carcinomas."	1
"Title: Misregulation of polo-like protein kinase 1, P53 and P21WAF1 in epithelial ovarian cancer suggests poor prognosis. Abstract: Polo-like protein kinase 1 (PLK1), P53 and P21WAF1 are relevant to cell cycle checkpoints and cancer biology. Misregulation of PLK1, P53 and P21WAF1 has been detected in several types of malignant tumors. The present study aimed to clarify the role of PLK1, P53 and P21WAF1 in the prognosis of ovarian cancer. PLK1 and P53 shRNA lentiviral plasmids were transfected into SK-OV-3 cells, respectively. Cell proliferation, apoptosis and invasion were examined by MTT assay, flow cytometry and Matrigel assay, respectively. Survival time of the animals was observed in a xenograft model. Expression levels of PLK1, P53 and P21WAF1 were detected in different ovarian tissues by immunohistochemistry and western blot analysis. Their correlations to the clinicopathologic characteristics of the epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) cases and their interrelationships were analyzed. Risk factors of prognosis for EOC were determined by logistic regression analysis. The survival time of EOC patients was measured by Kaplan-Meier analysis. After PLK1 or P53 knockdown, proliferation of the SK-OV-3 cells was inhibited, the apoptosis rate was increased, and cell invasion was suppressed in vitro, and the survival time was prolonged in the animals. Expression levels of P53, p-P53 (Ser15), P21WAF1, growth arrest and DNA damage?inducible gene 45 (GADD45) and 14-3-3? were upregulated in the SK-OV-3 cells after PLK1 knockdown, but downregulated after P53 knockdown. Higher expression levels of PLK1 and P53 were observed in patients with a higher FIGO stage and worse histological differentiation, but lower P21WAF1 was noted at a higher FIGO stage. Negative correlations were observed between expression of PLK1 and P53 and P53 and P21WAF1 in the EOC cases. PLK1, P53 and P21WAF1 could be used to assess the prognosis of EOC, respectively, but only PLK1 was found to be an independent prognostic factor. The overall survival time of subjects exhibiting PLK1-positive/P53-positive expression and PLK1-positive/P21WAF1-negative expression was obviously shorter than the other patient groups at the end of the follow-up. These results indicate that PLK1 is implicated in ovarian carcinogenesis and may owe its ability to inhibition of the activity of P53. In addition, misregulation of PLK1 coincident with P53 and P21WAF1 in EOC suggests poor prognosis."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-10b is upregulated and has an invasive role in colorectal cancer through enhanced Rhoc expression. Abstract: We found that the difference in miR?10b expression between the tumor tissue and adjacent non?tumor tissue was significant. Outer periphery and portal vein serum miR?10b concentrations were significantly higher than those of the control. However, the outer periphery vein miR?10b concentrations were not significant when compared with the portal vein serum concentration in colorectal cancer. The expression levels of miR?10b were associated with higher?grade colorectal cancer. MiR?10b levels were markedly elevated in lymph node metastasis-positive tumor tissue compared with those in lymph node metastasis-free tumor tissue, and were correlated with a downregulation in Hoxd10 expression. Rhoc protein expression in tumor tissue was significantly amplified when compared to that of the control tissue group. An inverse correlation between Hoxd10 and Rhoc in immunohistochemistry and western blot analysis was observed (P<0.05). MiR-10b expression was also inversely correlated with Hoxd10 protein expression (P<0.05). Thus, miR?10b is potentially involved in the invasion of colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-195 functions as a tumor suppressor by inhibiting CBX4 in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNA-195 (miR-195) plays important roles in tumor metastasis and angiogenesis, yet its function and mechanism of action in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remain to be elucidated. In this study, we aimed to confirm whether chromobox homolog 4 (CBX4) is a direct target gene of miR-195 and determine the functions of miR-195 through the CBX4 pathway. miR-195 expression was slightly lower in the HCC tissues compared with that in the adjacent normal tissues. In addition, western blotting and qRT-RCR results showed that both CBX4 mRNA and protein levels were downregulated upon miR-195 overexpression. Luciferase reporter assays revealed that CBX4 is a direct target gene of miR-195. Furthermore, overexpression of CBX4 significantly restored the proliferative, invasive and migratory capacities of the HepG2 cells. Finally, in vivo experiments confirmed that high expression of CBX4 in HepG2 cells promoted tumor growth. In conclusion, our study demonstrated that miR-195 acts as a tumor suppressor by directly targeting CBX4 in HCC. This finding suggests a potential novel strategy for therapeutic interventions of this disease."	1
"Title: Combined treatment with ABT-737 and VX-680 induces apoptosis in Bcl-2- and c-FLIP-overexpressing breast carcinoma cells. Abstract: ABT-737, a BH3-mimetic small-molecule inhibitor, binds with very high affinity to Bcl-2, Bcl-xL and Bcl-w, and inhibits their activity. Aurora kinase is one of the serine/threonine kinase family members and is a vital and critical regulator of mitosis and meiosis. In the present study, we investigated the effects and mechanisms of a combined treatment of ABT-737 and VX-680 (Aurora kinase inhibitor) in human breast cancer MDA-MB?435S cells. ABT-737 plus VX-680 induced caspase-dependent apoptosis in the human breast cancer cells. Combined treatment with ABT-737 and VX-680 led to the downregulation of Bcl-2 expression at the transcriptional level and the downregulation of c-FLIP and Mcl-1 expression at the post-transcriptional level. Overexpression of Bcl-2 or c-FLIP could not block the induction of apoptosis caused by the combined treatment with ABT-737 and VX-680. However, overexpression of Mcl-1 partially inhibited the induction of apoptosis. In contrast, the combined treatment with ABT-737 and VX680 had no effect on the apoptosis in normal cells. Taken together, our study demonstrated that combined treatment with ABT-737 and VX-680 induced apoptosis in anti?apoptotic protein (Bcl-2 or c-FLIP)-overexpressing cells."	1
"Title: RNA interference-mediated silencing of G protein-coupled receptor 137 inhibits human gastric cancer cell growth. Abstract: G protein?coupled receptor 137 (GPR137) is an integral membrane protein, which belongs to the GPR137 family of cell surface mediators of signal transduction. GPF137 was recently identified; however, its role in human disease onset has remained to be elucidated. GPR137 is highly expressed in multiple human gastric cancer cell lines. A GPR137 short hairpin RNA (shRNA)?expressing vector was transfected into AGS and MGC80?3 gastric cancer cells, and the subsequent depletion of GPR137 resulted in a significant reduction in cell proliferation and colony formation, as determined by MTT and colony formation assays. In addition, cell cycle analysis indicated that GPR137 knockdown arrested MGC80?3 cells in G2/M phase. To the best of our knowledge, the present study was the first to investigate the role of GPR137 in gastric tumorigenesis and revealed that knockdown of GPR137 by lentivirus?mediated shRNA transfection inhibited the growth of gastric cancer cells in vitro. These results indicated that GPR137 may present a novel target for the development of pharmacological therapeutics for human gastric cancer."	1
"Title: Ara-C increases gastric cancer cell invasion by upregulating CD-147-MMP-2/MMP?9 via the ERK signaling pathway. Abstract: Gastric cancer cell are not particularly sensitive to Ara-C, a deoxycytidine analog that affects DNA synthesis. In the present study, AGS and MKN-45 gastric cancer cell lines were treated with Ara-C to determine its role in cell prolife-ration and apoptosis. The antiproliferative effect of Ara-C was assessed using the Cell Counting kit-8. Gelatinase zymography was utilized to detect the activity of MMP-2 and MMP-9, and an in vitro invasion assay was performed. Using RT-PCR, CD-147, MMP-2 and MPP-9 mRNA levels were assessed in AGS cells with various doses of Ara-C treatment. CD-147, MMP-2 and MMP-9 protein levels were analysed in Ara-C?treated AGS and MKN-45 cells. AGS cells were treated with or without U-0126 or siRNA-CD147 and/or Ara-C for 24 h, and an in vitro invasion assay was performed. Although low-dose Ara-C had no obvious effect on cell proliferation, it upregulated the expression of MMP-2, MMP-9 and CD-147 and ERK activation. Low-dose Ara-C increased gastric cancer cell invasion. U-0126 and siRNA-CD-147 inhibited the induction of Ara-C in gastric cancer cell invasion. Therefore, Ara-C enhances the invasiveness of gastric cancer cells by expression of CD-147 /MMP-2 and MMP-9 via the ERK signaling pathway. The results are therefore useful in the prevention of Ara-C collateral damage associated with standard, conventional protocols of chemotherapy administration."	1
"Title: miR-375 inhibits cell growth and correlates with clinical outcomes in tongue squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: miR-375 has been implicated in various types of cancers. However, its role in tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC) remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate the effects of miR-375 on cell growth and the prognosis of TSCC patients. Using quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction, we evaluated miR-375 expression in TSCC samples and TSCC cell lines. The results showed that miR-375 expression was significantly reduced in the TSCC tissues and cell lines. A low level expression of miR-375 in TSCC patients was related to poor of prognosis. Moreover, the effects of miR-375 overexpression on cell proliferation, the cell cycle and the expression of Sp1 and cyclin D1 were examined in TSCC cells. We demonstrated that overexpression of miR-375 significantly inhibited the cell proliferation and cell cycle progression in TSCC cell lines. Overexpression of miR-375 inhibited Sp1 expression by targeting the 3' untranslated region of the Sp1 transcript. The knockdown of Sp1 expression resulted in the subsequent downregulation of cyclin D1. Taken together, our study suggests that miR-375 inhibits the cell growth, and its expression is correlated with clinical outcomes in TSCC."	1
"Title: Blockage of PTPRJ promotes cell growth and resistance to 5-FU through activation of JAK1/STAT3 in the cervical carcinoma cell line C33A. Abstract: Gene therapy is a promising therapeutic approach for chemoresistant cervical cancers. Therapeutic interventions targeting the key factors contributing to the initiation and progression of cervical cancer may be a more effective treatment strategy. In the present study, we firstly determined the expression of protein tyrosine phosphatase receptor J (PTPRJ) in 8-paired human cervical tumor and non-tumor tissues. We observed a striking downregulation of PTPRJ in the human cervical tumor tissues. Next, we investigated the roles and the function mechanism of PTPRJ in the human cervical carcinoma cell line C33A by loss- and gain-of-function experiments. Our study indicated that C33A cells with loss of PTPRJ expression showed a significantly increased cell viability, rising growth and migration rate, as well as a G1-S transition. We obtained the opposite results when we overexpressed PTPRJ in C33A cells. Our further study indicated that PTPRJ levels were highly correlated with cell survival when the C33A cells were treated with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), an important chemotherapeutic agent for cervical cancer. In addition, the signaling pathway screening assay showed an obvious alteration of the Janus kinase 1/signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (JAK1/STAT3) pathway. PTPRJ negatively regulated the activation of the JAK1/STAT3 pathway by decreasing the phosphorylation levels of JAK1 and STAT3. In addition, PTPRJ also regulated the expression of the downstream factors of STAT3, such as cyclin D, Bax, VEGF and MMP2. Our results suggest that PTPRJ may be a promising gene therapy target and its therapeutic potential can be fulfilled when used alone, or in combination with other anticancer agents."	1
"Title: GPER in CAFs regulates hypoxia-driven breast cancer invasion in a CTGF-dependent manner. Abstract: Recent advances indicate that cancer?associated fibroblasts (CAFs) play a key role in cancer progression by contributing to invasion, metastasis and angiogenesis. Solid tumors often experience low oxygen tension environments, which induce gene expression changes and biological features leading to poor outcomes. The G-protein estrogen receptor (GPER) exhibits a stimulatory role in diverse types of cancer cells and in CAFs under hypoxic conditions. We investigated the role of CAFs and hypoxia in breast cancer aggressiveness, and examined the effect of GPER in CAFs on hypoxia-driven breast cancer progression. The results showed that hypoxia upregulated HIF-1?, GPER and ?-SMA expression in CAFs, and induced the secretion of Interleukin-6 (IL-6), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) in CAFs. However, GPER silencing abrogated the above hypoxia-driven cytokine expression in CAFs. Moreover, knockdown of GPER in CAFs suppressed breast cancer cell invasion induced by CAF conditioned media (CM). Furthermore, GPER silencing in CAFs inhibited hypoxia-increased CTGF expression in CAFs and breast cancer cells cultured with CM from CAFs under hypoxic conditions. In addition, CTGF is responsible for the observed effects of GPER on CAFs activation and breast cancer invasion. Our findings further extend the molecular mechanisms through which the tumor microenvironment may contribute to cancer progression."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-182 inhibits proliferation through targeting oncogenic ANUBL1 in gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA-182 (miR-182) is significantly downregulated in human gastric tissue samples. Overexpression of miR-182 suppresses the proliferation and colony formation of gastric cancer cells. However, new aspects of the mechanism are still emerging in gastric cancer. ANUBL1, also known as ZFAND4 (zinc finger, AN1-type domain 4), its roles are scarely reported in cancer. In this study, we not only showed that ANUBL1 as an oncogene was upregulated and could promote proliferation of SGC-7901 cells, but also demonstrated that its over-expression led to a strong decrease of miR-182 expression and expression of ANUBL1 was in turn directly downregulated by miR-182, thereby establishing a negative feedback loop between miR-182 and ANUBL1. The elucidation of the mechanisms of miR-182 targeting ANUBL1 in gastric cancer helps us to further understand the mechanism of gastric cancer initiation and progression."	1
"Title: PGC-1? is responsible for survival of multiple myeloma cells under hyperglycemia and chemotherapy. Abstract: The association between hyperglycemia and outcomes during chemotherapy has been reported in several tumors, including multiple myeloma (MM). However, the underlying mechanism of how hyperglycemia affects the survival of MM cells during chemotherapy remain to be elucidated. MM cells were cultured in 10 mM glucose with or without chemotherapeutic agents. Following treatment of MM cells with dexamethasone or bortezomib, an MTT assay was used to evaluate the toxicity of dexamethasone or bortezomib on cell proliferation, and changes of reactive oxygen species (ROS) level were detected by flow cytometry (FCM) analysis. Small interference RNA (siRNA) was applied to inhibit the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? coactivator-1? (PGC-1?). Expressions of PGC-1? and antioxidant factors such as superoxide dismutase 2 (SOD?2), glutathione peroxidase 1 (GPX-1), and catalase (CAT) were measured by RT-PCR prior to and following treatment. The results showed that the level of PGC-1? in MM cells cultured in high-glucose medium was upregulated prior to and following treatment of chemotherapeutic agents, and these cells showed less fold-change of ROS after insult of drugs, when compared to the control. Genes encoding antioxidant factors such as SOD-2 and CAT were also upregulated. Inhibition of PGC-1? enhanced the toxicity of antitumor agents, associated with reduced expression of antioxidant factors, and elevated level of ROS. The present findings suggested that hyperglycemia may influence the anticancer effect of chemotherapeutic agents in MM by upregulating the expression of PGC-1? and associated antioxidant factors. Inhibition of PGC-1? or control of hyperglycemia may be beneficial in improving the efficacy of chemotherapy in MM patients with diabetes."	1
"Title: miR-15b regulates cisplatin resistance and metastasis by targeting PEBP4 in human lung adenocarcinoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified as important posttranscriptional regulators involved in various biological and pathological processes of cells, but their association with tumor chemoresistance has not been fully understood. We detected miR-15b expression in two lung adenocarcinoma cell lines, A549 and A549/CDDP, and then investigated the effects of miR-15b on the metastasis and the chemosensitivity of cancer cells, using both gain- and loss-of-function studies. The correlation between miR-15b level and chemoresistance was further investigated in clinical lung adenocarcinoma specimens. miR-15b was significantly upregulated in cisplatin-resistant lung adenocarcinoma A549/CDDP cells compared with parental A549 cells. miR-15b regulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cisplatin resistance in vitro and modulates response of lung adenocarcinoma cells to cisplatin in vivo. Further studies identified phosphatidylethanolamine-binding protein 4 (PEBP4) as a direct and functional target of miR-15b. Small-interfering RNA-mediated PEBP4 knockdown revealed similar effects as that of ectopic miR-15b expression, whereas overexpression of PEBP4 attenuated the function of miR-15b in lung adenocarcinoma cells. Increased miR-15b expression was also detected in tumor tissues sampled from lung adenocarcinoma patients treated with cisplatin-based chemotherapy and was proved to be correlated with low expression of PEBP4, decreased sensitivity to cisplatin and poor prognosis. Our results suggest that upregulation of miR-15b could suppress PEBP4 expression and in turn contribute to chemoresistance of lung adenocarcinoma cells to cisplatin."	1
"Title: Tumor protein D52-like 2 accelerates gastric cancer cell proliferation in vitro. Abstract: Tumor protein D52-like 2 (TPD52L2) has been commonly described as a protein involved in tumorigenesis, according to its name. However, its pathological function remains under investigation. In the present study, TPD52L2 was found to be widely expressed in several gastric cancer cell lines. An efficient knockdown of TPD52L2 by a specific short hairpin RNA (shRNA) loaded in lentivirus resulted in a remarkable reduction in cell proliferation in both MGC80-3 and SGC-7901 cell lines with high TPD52L2 expression, but a slight or little reduction in the proliferation of MKN-28 and AGS cells with low TPD52L2 expression. Further analysis by flow cytometry revealed that the cell cycle was primarily blocked in the G0/G1 phase, especially in the sub-G1 phase by TPD52L2 silencing, implying its possible roles in cell cycle control and apoptosis. Knockdown of TPD52L2 caused a cleavage of PARP in MGC80-3 cells. Their study suggests that TPD52L2 might promote gastric carcinogenesis, and could be a promising target with respect to developing new therapeutic strategies to treat gastric cancer."	1
"Title: Apicidin inhibits cell growth by downregulating IGF-1R in salivary mucoepidermoid carcinoma cells. Abstract: Inhibition of histone deacetylases (HDACs) has emerged as a new target for cancer therapies. The present study examined the antitumor effect and molecular mechanism of the HDAC inhibitor apicidin in YD-15 human salivary mucoepidermoid carcinoma (MEC) cells. The cells were treated with apicidin and cell death was quantified using an MTT assay. Apoptosis and autophagy were measured using flow cytometry, immunoblot analysis and cell staining. Regulation of the signaling pathways was monitored using immunoblot analysis and co-treatment with specific inhibitors. Insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R) was knocked down using specific siRNA. Apicidin significantly inhibited the proliferation of MEC cells. Apicidin also induced apoptosis through the inactivation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) and AKT/mTOR signaling and activation of c-Jun NH2-terminal kinase (JNK), whereas apicidin promoted autophagy through inactivation of the AKT/mTOR signaling. These effects may be mediated by the inhibition of IGF-1R, an upstream regulator of MAPK and AKT/mTOR pathways. These results suggested that apicidin is an attractive chemotherapeutic agent against salivary MEC and may be a good candidate for targeting IGF-1R for cancer therapies."	1
"Title: EGR1 regulates radiation-induced apoptosis in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: The transcription factor, early growth response 1 (EGR1) belongs to the early growth response family. EGR1 regulates the transactivation of genes involved in growth inhibition and apoptosis by ionizing radiation. The aims of the present study were to evaluate the expression of EGR1, and its relationship to prognosis, in patients with advanced laryngeal and hypopharyngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LHSCC) receiving chemoradiation therapy, and to observe the effect of EGR1 on the apoptosis of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) cells treated with ionizing radiation. Expression of the EGR1 protein in tissue samples from patients with LHSCC was detected by immunohistochemistry. A high expression of the EGR1 protein was observed in 37 (67.3%) of the 55 LHSCC tissue samples examined. A high EGR1 protein expression in patients with LHSCC who were treated with chemoradiation was significantly associated with improved larynx-preservation survival (p=0.04). The 5-year disease-specific survival rate with larynx preservation was 59% in patients with a high EGR1 protein expression vs. 30% in those with a low EGR1 protein expression. In the human HNSCC cell line, PCI50, EGR1 mRNA expression was induced at 30-60 min, and EGR1 protein expression was induced at 60-120 min, after exposure to a 5 Gy dose of ionizing radiation. To evaluate the impact of EGR1 on radiation-induced apoptosis, we used small?interfering RNA to knock down endogenous EGR1 gene expression. Cleaved caspase 3, cleaved caspase 7, and cleaved PARP were decreased, while XIAP was increased, in EGR1-knockdown PCI50 cells compared to negative control PCI50 cells, at all observed post-irradiation time points. These findings suggested that EGR1 knockdown inhibits radiation-induced apoptosis. In conclusion, EGR1 may be associated with larynx-preservation survival, through the regulation of radiation-induced apoptosis in patients with LHSCC treated with chemoradiation. Although further investigations are required to support the present study, EGR1 serves as a favorable biomarker of radiosensitivity in the treatment of LHSCC."	1
"Title: MCM2 is a therapeutic target of lovastatin in human non-small cell lung carcinomas. Abstract: Human non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) is one of the most common cancer worldwide. In previous studies, lovastatin, acting as an inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl Co A (HMG-CoA) reductase, exhibited significant antitumor activity during tumorigenesis. However, whether or not this effect is mediated through changes in minichromosome maintenance (MCM) 2 expression remains unclear. The present study investigated whether lovastatin inhibits proliferation due to MCM2 in NSCLCs. We first assessed the effects of lovastatin on cell anti-proliferation, cell cycle progression and apoptosis in NSCLC cells. We found, by quantitative RT-PCR and western blot analysis, that lovastatin treatment markedly and consistently inhibited the expression of MCM2. Then, to further explore the anticancer mechanism of lovastatin involving MCM2, we silenced MCM2 by siRNA in two cell lines (A549 and GLC-82). Silencing of MCM2 triggered G1/S arrest. Following further examination of cell cycle-related factors, MCM2 knockdown inhibited protein retinoblastoma (Rb), cyclin D1 and CDK4 expression, but increased p21 and p53 expression, suggesting that siMCM2 indeed triggered cell cycle arrest. In addition, siMCM2 induced apoptosis. Finally, lovastatin treatment increased p-JNK, which is involved in the downregulation of MCM2. In conclusion, our data suggest that MCM2 may be a novel therapeutic target of lovastatin treatment in NSCLCs."	1
"Title: Genome-wide analysis of histone modifications by ChIP-chip to identify silenced genes in gastric cancer. Abstract: The present study aimed to identify novel histone modification markers in gastric cancer (GC) by chromatin immunoprecipitation microarray (ChIP-chip) analysis and to determine whether these markers were able to discriminate between normal and GC cells. We also tested for correlations with DNA methylation. We probed a human CpG island microarray with DNA from a GC cell line (MKN45) by chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP). ChIP-reverse-transcriptase quantitative polymerase chain reaction PCR (RT-qPCR) was used to validate the microarray results. Additionally, mRNA expression levels and the DNA methylation of potential target genes were evaluated by RT-qPCR and methylation-specific PCR (MSP). The moults showed that 134 genes exhibited the highest signal-to-noise ratio of H3-K9 trimethylation over acetylation and 46 genes exhibited the highest signal-to-noise ratio of H3-K9 trimethylation over H3-K4 trimethylation in MKN45 cells. The ChIP-qPCR results agreed with those obtained from the ChIP-chip analysis. Aberrant DNA methylation status and mRNA expression levels were also identified for selected genes (PSD, SMARCC1 and Vps37A) in the GC cell lines. The results suggest that CpG island microarray coupled with ChIP (ChIP-chip) can identify novel targets of gene silencing in GC. Additionally, ChIP-chip is the best approach for assessing the genome-wide status of epigenetic regulation, which may allow for a broader genomic understanding compared to the knowledge that has been accumulated from single-gene studies."	1
"Title: RNA-binding motif protein 5 negatively regulates the activity of Wnt/?-catenin signaling in cigarette smoke-induced alveolar epithelial injury. Abstract: Cigarette smoking is closely associated with various respiratory diseases. Oxidants and carcinogens in cigarettes are reported to induce various airway epithelial injuries. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unclear. The aims of the present study were to determine the involvement of RNA-binding motif protein 5 (RBM5) and Wnt/?-catenin signaling in cigarette smoke-induced alveolar epithelial injury, as well as the interaction between both. A549 cells were treated with cigarette smoke extract (CSE). The MTT assay was used to assess the effects of CSE on cell viability. The levels of RBM5 and Wnt/?-catenin/GSK3? were detected by semi-quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and western blot analysis. A luciferase assay was used to assess the activity of ?-catenin/T-cell factor (TCF) signaling. The results revealed that CSE inhibited A549 cell viability in both a dose- and time-dependent manner. Cytosolic and nuclear ?-catenin levels were significantly increased following CSE treatment, compared with those in the control cells (P<0.05). The luciferase activity in CSE-exposed cells transfected with the TCF luciferase reporter wild-type plasmid (pGL3-OT) was significantly greater than that in cells without CSE exposure (33,167±3,085 vs. 19,978±1,916, respectively, P<0.05). Both the mRNA and protein levels of RBM5 in the CSE-treated cells were significantly reduced compared to the levels in the controls (all P<0.05). The overexpression of RBM5 inhibited Wnt/?-catenin signaling in the A549 cells, while silencing of RBM5 enhanced Wnt/?-catenin signaling. The ?-catenin/TCF signaling inhibitor ICG-001 had no apparent effect on the RBM5 levels. Downregulation of RBM5 and activation of Wnt/?-catenin signaling are involved in CSE-induced alveolar epithelial injury. RBM5 acts as an upstream molecule that negatively regulates the activity of Wnt/?-catenin signaling."	1
"Title: HBx co-localizes with COXIII in HL-7702 cells to upregulate mitochondrial function and ROS generation. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most common malignant diseases, and HBx leads to the development of HBV-associated HCC. Mitochondria are key organelles that regulate apoptosis, cellular energetics and signal transduction pathways, and are the source of HBx-induced reactive oxygen species (ROS). Recent findings have shown that HBx interacts with the inner mitochondrial membrane protein, COXIII, via the yeast two-hybrid system, mating experiment and coimmunoprecipitation. The aim of the present study was to examine the co-localizaiton of HBx and COXIII in HL-7702 cells and to investigate ensuing alterations of mitochondrial function. An HL-7702 cell line stably expressing the HBx gene by lentivirus vectors was constructed. Confocal microscopy was utilized to assess the interaction between HBx protein and COXIII. Expression of COXIII, activities of cytochrome c oxidase (COX) and the mitochondrial membrane potential, which were functionally relevant to the HBx protein-COXIII interaction, were investigated in cell cultures. Moreover, the intracellular ROS levels were detected by flow cytometry. The results demonstrated that HBx co-localized with the inner mitochondrial protein, COXIII, in HL-7702 cells, causing the upregulation of COXIII protein expression as well as COX activity. However, HBx did not alter the mitochondrial membrane potential and mitochondria exhibited only slight swelling in HL-7702-HBx cells. Moreover, HBx elevated the generation of mitochondrial ROS in HL-7702-HBx cells. The main finding of the present study was that the co-localization of HBx and COXIII leads to upregulation of the mitochondrial function and ROS generation, which are associated with the oncogenesis of HBV-associated HCC."	1
"Title: Lentiviral vector-mediated doxycycline-inducible USP39 shRNA or cDNA expression in triple-negative breast cancer cells. Abstract: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), characterized by distinct biological and clinicopathological features, has a poor prognosis due to lack of effective therapeutic targets. Our previous data revealed that high levels of USP39 were selectively present in TNBC samples compared with their normal breast tissue samples and USP39 was also expressed at different levels in cultured TNBC cells and normal breast cells. Yet, the underlying cellular and molecular mechanisms of USP39 remain unclear. In the present study, we describe a doxycycline (DOX)-regulated lentiviral vector system expressing shRNA or cDNA of the USP39 gene in the TNBC cell line MDA-MB-231. USP39 expression was knocked down by the miR-30-based inducible lentiviral short hairpin RNA (shRNA) delivery system or overexpressed by the inducible cDNA system. The inducible shRNA-mediated downregulation of USP39 expression markedly reduced the proliferation and colony-forming ability of MDA-MB-231 cells, while overexpression of USP39 by the inducible system did not promote cancer cell proliferation. The lentiviral vector-mediated Tet-on system demonstrated efficient and inducible knockdown of USP39 or overexpression of USP39 in TNBC cells, facilitating a wide variety of applications for gene knockdown and overexpression experiments in gene functional studies in vitro and in vivo."	1
"Title: Mcl-1 downregulation sensitizes glioma to bortezomib-induced apoptosis. Abstract: Glioma is the most aggressive form of primary brain tumor, with dismal patient outcome and no effective therapeutic approaches available. Targeting the ubiquitin-proteasome pathway has recently emerged as a potent rational anticancer strategy. Bortezomib, a specific proteasome inhibitor, has been approved for the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma and other hematological malignancies as a single agent or as part of a combination therapy. However, bortezomib alone or in combination showed only minimal effects in the treatment of solid tumors. Myeloid cell leukemia-1 (Mcl-1) is an anti-apoptotic protein which protects tumor cells against spontaneous and chemotherapy-induced apoptosis. In multiple myeloma, specific downregulation of Mcl-1 induces apoptosis. Furthermore, previous studies demonstrated that proteasome inhibitors induce Mcl-1 accumulation that, in turn, slows down their pro-apoptotic effects, and the cell survival in multiple myeloma is highly dependent on Mcl-1. In the present study, we investigated the role of Mcl-1 downregulation in bortezomib-induced apoptosis in gliomas. We observed that bortezomib triggers caspase-3 and PARP activation, upregulates cytochrome c expression and induces apoptosis. Furthermore, we demonstrated that effective targeting of Mcl-1 in glioma cells by gene silencing technology augments the glioma cell sensitivity to bortezomib-induced apoptosis. In conclusion, the present study demonstrates that Mcl-1 plays a critical role in bortezomib-induced apoptosis. Mcl-1 inhibitor in combination with bortezomib present a promising novel strategy to trigger cell death pathways in the treatment of gliomas."	1
"Title: miR-141 confers docetaxel chemoresistance of breast cancer cells via regulation of EIF4E expression. Abstract: Resistance to docetaxel, a chemotherapy drug for breast cancer (BC) treatment, occurs in ~50% of patients, and the underlying molecular mechanisms of drug resistance are not fully understood. Gene regulation through miR-141 has been proven to play an important role in cancer drug resistance. The present study investigated the role of miR-141 expression in BC cells of acquired docetaxel resistance. Inhibition of miR-141 enhanced the response to docetaxel in docetaxel-resistant cells (MCF-7/DTX and MDA-MB-231/DTX, respectively), whereas overexpression of miR-141 confered resistance in docetaxel-sensitive cells (MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231, respectively). By directly targeting the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (EIF4E) mRNA, miR-141 acts on genes that are necessary for drug induced apoptosis rendering the cells drug resistant. Modulation of miR-141 expression was correlated with EIF4E expression changes and a direct interaction of miR-141 with EIF4E was shown by a luciferase assay. Thus, the present study is the first to show an increased expression of miR-141 in an acquired model of docetaxel resistance in BC. This serves as a mechanism of acquired docetaxel resistance in BC cells, possibly through direct interactions with EIF4E, therefore presenting a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of docetaxel resistant BC."	1
"Title: Oncogene ATAD2 promotes cell proliferation, invasion and migration in cervical cancer. Abstract: The ATPase family AAA domain-containing protein 2 (ATAD2) is associated with many cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, invasion and migration. However, the molecular biological function of the ATAD2 gene in cervical cancer is unclear. The purpose of this study was to explore ATAD2 expression in cervical cancer, evaluate the relationship between the development of cervical cancer, metastasis and clinicopathological characteristics, and discuss the implications for its use in clinical treatment. Protein and mRNA expression of ATAD2 was examined in tissues and cell lines. Tumor tissues from 135 cases of cervical cancer were collected for evaluation of ATAD2 expression by immunohistochemistry and western blotting. Prognostic significance was evaluated by the Cox hazards model and Kaplan-Meier survival method. HeLa and SiHa cells were transfected with two siRNAs targeting ATAD2. ATAD2 knockdown was used to analyze cell proliferation, invasion and migration. Cell viability was evaluated with the Cell Counting ?it-8 (CCK-8) assay, cell invasion by a Transwell assay and cell migration by a wound healing/scratch migration assay. ATAD2 was shown to be highly expressed in cervical cancer tissues, both at the transcriptional and protein levels, and was correlated with poor patient survival (P<0.05). Knockdown of ATAD2 in the HeLa and SiHa cells was found to reduce the capacity for invasion and migration (P<0.05), and inhibited the growth and clonogenic potential of the HeLa and SiHa cell lines. Our results suggest that cervical cancer tissues may have highly expressed ATAD2, which is associated with tumor stage and lymph node status (P<0.05). Oncogene ATAD2 may play an important role in cervical cancer proliferation, invasion and migration. It could serve as a prognostic marker and a therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	1
"Title: miR-145 inhibits invasion and metastasis by directly targeting Smad3 in nasopharyngeal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA-145 (miR-145) has been implicated in several cancers. However, its role in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) remains unclear. In this study, we proved that miR-145 was significantly downregulated in NPC and associated with NPC cell metastasis. Moreover, miR-145 suppressed Smad3 by directly binding to the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of Smad3. Knockdown of Smad3 in NPC cells inhibited cell migration and invasion, which was consistent with the effect of miR-145 in NPC cells. In addition, Smad3 expression was inversely correlated with miR-145 level in clinical NPC samples. Taken together, our findings indicate that miR-145 is a tumour suppressor that affects invasive and metastatic properties of NPC via the miR-145/Smad3 axis, leading us to propose that miR-145 overexpression might be a potential therapeutic strategy of NPC intervention."	1
"Title: Icariin regulates the proliferation and apoptosis of human ovarian cancer cells through microRNA-21 by targeting PTEN, RECK and Bcl-2. Abstract: Icariin is the main active ingredient found in the traditional Chinese medicinal plant Epimedium, and exhibits various pharmacological effects such as enhanced immune function, anticancer activity, improved cardiovascular function and endocrine adjustment. However, the effect of icariin on ovarian cancer and the related mechanism have never been investigated. In the present study, we aimed to verify whether icariin inhibits the proliferation and increases the apoptosis of human ovarian cancer cells, and its molecular mechanism in order to establish an association and identify potential therapeutic targets. In the present study, ovarian cancer A2780 cells were treated with various concentrations of icariin, and the cell viability was evaluated by 3,3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. Flow cytometry and caspase-3 colorimetric assay were performed to observe apoptotic changes in the A2780 cells. qPCR analysis was used to analyze miR-21 expression in the A2780 cells. Western blot analysis was used to assess PTEN, RECK and Bcl-2 protein expression. Transfection of microRNA-21 (miR-21) and anti-miR-21 was used to investigate expression of its target genes associated with cell proliferation and apoptosis. Icariin concomitantly suppressed cell proliferation, accelerated apoptosis and increased caspase-3 activity in the A2780 cells. In the ovarian cancer A2780 cells, icariin substantially decreased the miR-21 expression level, increased PTEN and RECK protein expression levels and decreased the Bcl-2 protein expression level. Notably, miR-21 regulated the potential anticancer effects of icariin on cell proliferation and apoptosis by targeting PTEN, RECK and Bcl-2 in the ovarian cancer A2780 cells. Our results demonstrated that icariin is an excellent candidate antitumor agent which exhibits an anticancer curative effect on ovarian cancer cells. miR-21 and its target genes may play a vital role in the molecular mechanism of the anticancer effects of icariin."	1
"Title: Wogonin induces apoptosis and endoplasmic reticulum stress in HL-60 leukemia cells through inhibition of the PI3K-AKT signaling pathway. Abstract: Wogonin is a flavonoid isolated from Scutellaria baicalensis root and has multiple pharmacological effects, including anticancer effects. Recent studies have shown that wogonin induces cell cycle arrest and reverses multi-drug resistance in the human K562 leukemia cell line. However, its pharmacological function in the apoptosis of leukemia cells remains unknown. Therefore, we hypothesized that wogonin can induce apoptosis in the HL-60 leukemia cell line. In the present study, the HL-60 cells were treated with different doses of wogonin (0-150 µM). Wogonin inhibited the viability of HL-60 cells in a dose-dependent and time-dependent manner. Flow cytometry and analyses of caspase and PARP-1 activation and the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio, demonstrated that the cytotoxic effect of wogonin on HL-60 cells was mediated by caspase-dependent and mitochondrial-dependent apoptosis. Wogonin also induced the expression of certain members of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress pathway (CHOP, GRP94 and GRP78) and the activation of multiple branches of ER stress transducers (IRE1?, PERK-eIF2? and ATF6) in the HL-60 cells. In addition, wogonin reduced the phosphorylation of PI3K and AKT in the HL-60 cells. Furthermore, constitutive activation of AKT induced by adenoviral vectors inhibited the pro-apoptotic effects and ER stress induced by wogonin in the HL-60 cells. In summary, our results indicated that wogonin induced apoptosis and ER stress in HL-60 cells, which was mediated by the inhibition of the PI3K-AKT signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Hypoxia-induced miR-181b enhances angiogenesis of retinoblastoma cells by targeting PDCD10 and GATA6. Abstract: Previous findings showed that miR-181b is upregulated under hypoxic conditions in retinoblastoma cells. Since hypoxia is a common feature of retinoblastoma that affects tumor progression as well as tumor therapy, in the present study, we investigated the regulatory mechanism of miR-181b under hypoxic conditions, and examined the role of miR-181b in retinoblastoma responses to hypoxia (chemoresistance and angiogenesis) and possible downstream genes. The level of hypoxia-inducible factor-1? (HIF-1?) and miR-181b was detected to examine the link between them. Tube formation and cell cytotoxicity assays were used to clarify the effects of miR-181b on hypoxic responses of retinoblastoma cells. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to predict potential targets of miR-181b and western blotting was used to verify these targets. The results showed a significantly increased expression of HIF-1? in hypoxia-treated retinoblastoma cells. Downregulation of HIF-1? using a small-interfering RNA (siRNA) knockdown technology did not decrease the expression of miR-181b. Through gain- and loss-of-function studies, miR-181b was demonstrated to significantly stimulate the ability of capillary tube formation of endothelial cells. Programmed cell death-10 (PDCD10) and GATA binding protein 6 (GATA6) were identified as the target genes of miR?181b. To the best of our knowledge, results of the present study provide the first evidence that miR-181b was upregulated by hypoxia in retinoblastoma in an HIF-1?-independent manner. miR-181b increased tumor angiogenesis of retinoblastoma cells. Additionally, miR-181b exerts its angiogenic function, at least in part, by inhibiting PDCD10 and GATA6. Thus, it is a new potentially useful therapeutic target for retinoblastoma."	1
"Title: Acidified bile acids increase hTERT expression via c-myc activation in human gastric cancer cells. Abstract: Human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT) is upregulated in most cancer cell types as well in immortalized cells. The underlying mechanism for such upregulation, however, remains largely unknown. We report here that bile acids under acidified media increase hTERT expression via c-myc activation in primary human gastric cancer cell lines. Human gastric cancer MKN28, MGC803 and SGC7901 cells were treated with 100 µM deoxycholic acid (DCA) or chenodeoxycholic acid (CDCA) with or without acidified media in the presence or absence of the c-myc inhibitor 10058-F4 for 24 h. hTERT and c-myc protein levels were determined by western blot analysis. hTERT and c-myc mRNA levels were determined by RT-PCR. The promoter activities of hTERT and c-myc transcription were determined using promoter reporter luciferase assays for both. Telomerase enzyme activity was analyzed by stretch PCR. hTERT mRNA and protein levels were significantly increased by bile acids in acidified media and were accompanied with enhanced telomerase activity. No changes were found at a pH of 7.0 or with acidified media alone. Similarly, the mRNA and protein levels of c-myc were also increased by bile acids in acidified media but not at a pH of 7.0 or with acidified media alone. Importantly, pharmacologic inhibition of c-myc using 10058-F4 prevented hTERT induction by DCA or CDCA in gastric cancer cells under acidic conditions. Bile acids (DCA and CDCA) under acidic conditions increased hTERT expression in human gastric cancer cells by activation of c-myc transcription. This suggests that acidified bile acids may promote tumorigenesis and affect cell ageing via telomerase activation."	1
"Title: Mangiferin regulates proliferation and apoptosis in glioma cells by induction of microRNA-15b and inhibition of MMP-9 expression. Abstract: Mangiferin, a flavonoid extracted from the leaves of the Anacardiaceae plant, the mango tree, has physiological activity and pharmacological effects in many aspects. The present study aimed to clarify the effect of mangiferin on proliferation and apoptosis of glioma cells and the mechanism of these curative effects of mangiferin. In this experiment, we detected the proliferation using 3-(4,5-dimethylthylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5 diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. Then, cell apoptosis of U87 glioma cells was measured with the Annexin V-FITC/propidium iodide (PI) apoptosis detection kit, DAPI staining assay and the caspase-3 and caspase-9 activity assay kit. Next, quantitative real-time PCR and gelatin zymography were used to analyze the expression of microRNA-15b (miR-15b) and matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), respectively. MMP-9 agonist, miR-15b mimics and anti-miR-15b mimics were added to the U87 glioma cells for elucidating the mechanisms involved in the curative effects of mangiferin. In the present study, mangiferin notably restrained the proliferation and increased the apoptosis of the U87 glioma cells. Meanwhile, mangiferin specifically promoted the expression of miR-15b and suppressed the level of MMP-9 in the U87 glioma cells. miR-15b regulated the expression of MMP-9 in the U87 glioma cells. MMP-9 agonist and anti-miR?15b reduced the curative effects of mangiferin in the U87 glioma cells. In summary, mangiferin regulates proliferation and apoptosis in glioma cells by induction of miR-15b and inhibition of MMP-9 expression."	1
"Title: miR-128-3p suppresses hepatocellular carcinoma proliferation by regulating PIK3R1 and is correlated with the prognosis of HCC patients. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are known to be involved in the pathogenesis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). miR-128-3p was recently reported to be deregulated in several types of cancer. However, the biological function and potential mechanisms of miR-128-3p in HCC remain unknown. In the present study, we found that miR-128-3p was frequently downregulated in HCC tissues and cell lines by qRT-PCR analysis. Moreover, functional assays showed that overexpression of miR-128-3p markedly suppressed HCC cell proliferation by inducing G1 phase cell arrest and migration. Mechanistically, miR-128-3p was confirmed to regulate PIK3R1 (p85?) expression thereby suppressing phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/AKT pathway activation using qRT-PCR and western blot analysis. Furthermore, correlation analysis and Kaplan-Meier estimates revealed an inverse correlation between miR-128-3p and p85? as well as a shorter disease-free survival (DFS) period after HCC resection in patients with low miR-128-3p expression. Hence, we conclude that miR-128-3p, which is frequently downregulated in HCC, inhibits HCC progression by regulating PIK3R1 and PI3K/AKT activation, and is a prognostic marker for HCC patients."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-18a enhances the radiosensitivity of cervical cancer cells by promoting radiation-induced apoptosis. Abstract: Evidence has demonstrated that microRNAs (miRNAs) are important in the regulation of cellular radiosensitivity of various types of human cancer. The aim of this study was to examine the role of miR-18a in regulating the radiosensitivity of cervical cancer, in order to understand the underlying mechanism and to assess the potential of miR-18a as a biomarker for predicting radiosensitivity. The expression of miR-18a was investigated in 48 cervical cancer patients. The results revealed that miR-18a expression was significantly higher in radiosensitive patients than in radioresistant patients by RT-qPCR (P<0.05). Transient transfection experiments showed that miR-18a was upregulated by the miR-18a mimic and downregulated by the miR-18a inhibitor in the SiHa and HeLa cells. Without irradiation treatment, a similar growth was observed in the cells with or without transfection of miR-18a. The 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT) and Hoechst staining assays showed that miR-18a had no effect on the proliferation and apoptosis of cervical cancer cells after transfection. However, the upregulation of miR-18a suppressed the level of ataxia-telangiectasia mutated and attenuated DNA double-strand break repair after irradiation, which re-sensitized the cervical cancer cells to radiotherapy by promoting apoptosis. Taken together, these results demonstrated that miR-18a is a potential molecule predictor of radiosensitivity in cervical cancer patients and played an important role in the response to radiotherapy."	1
"Title: Small hairpin RNA-mediated Krüppel-like factor 8 gene knockdown inhibits invasion of nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Abstract: The present study aimed to characterize the expression of Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) in nasopahryngeal carcinoma (NPC) cell lines and determine its effect on tumor development and invasion following KLF8 gene knockdown by small hairpin RNA (shRNA). KLF8 expression in four NPC cell lines was examined by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) and western blotting. KLF8 was knocked down in the SUNE1-5-8F/Sh-KLF8 cell line using shRNA, and the resulting stable cell line SUNE1-5-8F-sh-KLF8 was transplanted into nude mice in order to observe tumor formation and invasion. The results obtained from qPCR and western blotting revealed that, of the four NPC cell lines, KLF8 expression was lowest in the CNE-1 cells and highest in the SUNE1-5-8F cells. The tumor xenograft mouse models revealed that SUNE1-5-8F/Sh-KLF8 cells had a reduced ability for tumor formation and invasion compared with the control group. These results demonstrated for the first time that KLF8 modulates the formation and invasive ability of nasopharyngeal carcinoma."	1
"Title: Adipocyte hypoxia promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition-related gene expression and estrogen receptor-negative phenotype in breast cancer cells. Abstract: The development of breast cancer is linked to the loss of estrogen receptor (ER) during the course of tumor progression, resulting in loss of responsiveness to hormonal treatment. The mechanisms underlying dynamic ER? gene expression change in breast cancer remain unclear. A range of physiological and biological changes, including increased adipose tissue hypoxia, accompanies obesity. Hypoxia in adipocytes can establish a pro-malignancy environment in breast tissues. Epidemiological studies have linked obesity with basal-like breast cancer risk and poor disease outcome, suggesting that obesity may affect the tumor phenotype by skewing the microenvironment toward support of more aggressive tumor phenotypes. In the present study, human SGBS adipocytes were co-cultured with ER-positive MCF7 cells for 24 h. After co-culture, HIF1?, TGF-?, and lectin-type oxidized LDL receptor 1 (LOX1) mRNA levels in the SGBS cells were increased. Expression levels of the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-inducing transcription factors FOXC2 and TWIST1 were increased in the co-cultured MCF7 cells. In addition, the E-cadherin mRNA level was decreased, while the N-cadherin mRNA level was increased in the co-cultured MCF7 cells. ER? mRNA levels were significantly repressed in the co-cultured MCF7 cells. ER? gene expression in the MCF7 cells was decreased due to increased HIF1? in the SGBS cells. These results suggest that adipocytes can modify breast cancer cell ER gene expression through hypoxia and also can promote EMT processes in breast cancer cells, supporting an important role of obesity in aggressive breast cancer development."	1
"Title: Serine/Threonine Protein Phosphatase-5 Accelerates Cell Growth and Migration in Human Glioma. Abstract: Glioma is the most common type of primary central nervous system tumor. Ser/Thr protein phosphatase 5 (PP5) has been shown to regulate multiple signaling cascades that suppress growth and facilitate apoptosis in several human cancer cells. However, the role of PP5 in human gliomas remains unclear. Herein, the relationship between PP5 expression and glioma cell growth was investigated, and the therapeutic value of PP5 in glioma was further evaluated. We employed a short hairpin RNA targeting PPP5C gene to knock down PP5 expression in human glioma cell lines U251 and U373. Depletion of PPP5C via RNAi remarkably inhibited glioma cell proliferation and colony formation, and arrested cell cycle in the G0/G1 phase. Moreover, knockdown of PP5 markedly suppressed glioma cell migration, as determined by Transwell assay. Our findings suggest that PPP5C could be essential for glioma cell growth and serve as a promising therapeutic target in human gliomas."	1
"Title: Tumor suppressor miR-145 reverses drug resistance by directly targeting DNA damage-related gene RAD18 in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common cancers worldwide. Although chemotherapy is used as a palliative treatment, ultimately, nearly all patients develop drug resistance. Therefore, the cell-inherent DNA repair pathway must reverse the DNA-damaging effect of cytotoxic drugs that mediates therapeutic resistance to chemotherapy. RAD18, a DNA damage-activated E3 ubiquitin ligase, is known to play a critical role in DNA damage repair in cancer cells. Here, we show that RAD18 is highly expressed in human 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-resistant cancer cells after 5-FU treatment. In addition, RAD18 increases in CRC cells could induce DNA damage repair, suggesting that RAD18 might be a possible target for overcoming drug resistance. Moreover, the expression of tumor suppressor microRNA-145 (miR-145) was negatively correlated with RAD18 expression in CRC tissues of 140 patients. Using luciferase reporters carrying the 3'-untranslated region of RAD18 combined with Western blotting, we identified RAD18 as a direct target of miR-145. Also of interest, suppression of RAD18 by miR-145 enhanced DNA damage in CRC cells after 5-FU treatment. Finally, the 5-FU-resistant cancer cells could be selectively ablated by treatment with miR-145. Taken together, these results suggest that miR-145 can act as an RAD18 inhibitor and contribute as an important factor in reversing drug resistance after chemotherapy."	1
"Title: High expression of RELM-? correlates with poor prognosis and promotes angiogenesis in gastric cancer. Abstract: Accumulating evidence indicates that resistin-like molecule-? (RELM-?) is involved in angiogenesis, while the clinical significance and the exact role of RELM-? in gastric cancer remain obscure. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the clinical significance of RELM-? in gastric cancer, and to investigate its effective mechanisms in order to identify a potential therapeutic target. The expression levels of RELM-? in 92 gastric cancer and adjacent normal tissues were investigated and the relationship between RELM-? expression and the clinicopathological characteristics was explored. To investigate the potential role of RELM-? in gastric cancer cell biological behavior, the cell proliferation, migration and invasion assays were conducted using two gastric cancer cell lines (SGC7901 and MKN45). We also assessed whether RELM-? gene silencing modulates angiogenesis using small interference RNA in cancer cell lines, and investigated its effect on nuclear factor (NF)-?B activation and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and MMP-9 expression. Contrasting sharply with the strong RELM-?-positive tumors, adjacent normal tissues and cell lines exhibited negative or weakly positive expression (P<0.01). High expression level of RELM-? was associated with advanced stage and tumor size (P<0.01). The silencing of RELM-? expression by Ad5/F35-siRNA treatment significantly inhibited cell migratory and invasive ability in SGC7901 and MKN45 gastric cancer cells compared with the control and Ad5/F35 vector-transfected cell lines (P<0.01). However, the silencing of RELM-? expression also significantly blocked NF-?B activation and attenuated VEGF and MMP-9 expression. The data demonstrated that RELM-? is a promising novel biomarker of angiogenesis in patients with gastric cancer. The study identified that the silencing of RELM-? expression may regulate the proliferation, invasion and migration of gastric cancer cells by targeting VEGF/MMP-9, and the mechanism involved tissue angiogenesis via the NF-?B signaling pathway."	1
"Title: p62 participates in the inhibition of NF-?B signaling and apoptosis induced by sulfasalazine in human glioma U251 cells. Abstract: Nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) is constitutively activated in most malignant gliomas and is involved in cancer progression and drug resistance to chemotherapy. Sulfasalazine (SAS) is a classic inhibitor of NF-?B. Apoptosis and autophagy were induced by SAS accompanied by inhibition of NF-?B signaling in U251 cells. Inhibition of autophagy by 3-MA suppressed the effects of SAS on NF-?B signaling and apoptosis in U251 cells. Multifunctional scaffold protein p62 is well known as an autophagy marker protein and provides crosstalk for important signaling pathways, including NF-?B signaling. SAS-induced decrease in the p62 protein levels may be the result of degradation through autophagy. SAS induced the inhibition of NF-?B signaling and apoptosis at least partly via a p62-dependent effect in U251 cells. Collectively, our data shed light on the link between p62 and the NF-?B signaling pathway, particularly in glioma cells. The results may facilitate the design of more effective targeted therapies for the treatment of tumors in which NF-?B signaling is altered."	1
"Title: Oncostatin M activates STAT3 to promote endometrial cancer invasion and angiogenesis. Abstract: Oncostatin M (OSM), a pleiotropic cytokine, can either promote or inhibit the growth of tumors derived from specific tissues. However, little is known about the activity and expression pattern of OSM in endometrial cancers (ECs). Herein we show that expression of OSM in human ECs was significantly higher than that in hyperplastic or normal tissues. In EC tissues, high OSM levels were positively correlated with tumor stage, histological grade, myometrial invasion, and lymph node metastasis. Additionally, we demonstrated that recombinant human OSM (rhOSM) promoted tumor angiogenesis in EC cell lines by activating STAT3 (signal transducer and activator of transcription 3) and enhanced both cell migration and cell invasion. rhOSM did not, however, influence the proliferation of EC cells in vitro. In contrast, in our in vivo xenograft model, overexpression of rhOSM promoted cell proliferation, tumor growth, and angiogenesis in nude mice. Collectively, these experiments suggest that OSM may be a tumor promoter that encourages EC progression. OSM may thus serve as a potential target of antiangiogenic therapy for endometrial cancer."	1
"Title: miR-494 suppresses the progression of breast cancer in vitro by targeting CXCR4 through the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. Abstract: Breast cancer is the most common cancer among women with a high mortality worldwide, which is mainly due to tumor invasion and metastasis. Previous studies have reported that microRNA-494 (miR-494) is downregulated in breast cancer cells. The present study investigated the role of miR-494 in the progression of breast cancer and the underlying mechanisms. The levels of miR-494 were analyzed in several breast cancer cell lines by quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR). The miR-494 mRNA levels were significantly lower in the malignant breast cancer cells than the level in the non-malignant normal breast epithelial cells. miR-494 mimic transfection upregulated the expression levels of E-cadherin, yet downregulated N-cadherin, vimentin and ?-smooth muscle actin (?-SMA) in the breast cancer cells. As expected, the expression of these markers in breast cancer cells transfected with miR-494 inhibitors exhibited the opposite variation trend. MTT and Transwell assays showed that cell proliferation and invasion were both significantly suppressed by miR-494 mimics, and were significantly promoted by miR-494 inhibitors. The protein expression level of chemokine (C-X-C motif) receptor 4 (CXCR4) in the breast cancer cells was significantly inhibited by miR-494 mimics, and enhanced by miR-494 inhibitors. Yet, the mRNA level of CXCR4 was barely affected by miR-494 mimics or inhibitors. Dual-luciferase assay confirmed that miR-494 directly interacted with the 3'-untranslated region of CXCR4 mRNA by dual-luciferase assay. The miR-494 mimics also significantly inhibited the transcription levels of ?-catenin, LEF1, CD44 and cyclin-D1, which was similar to the effect of siRNA targeted to CXCR4. In conclusion, miR-494 suppresses the progression of breast cancer through the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway, which is mediated by CXCR4."	1
"Title: Endocannabinoid and ceramide levels are altered in patients with colorectal cancer. Abstract: Endocannabinoids and ceramides have demonstrated growth inhibition, cell death induction and pro-apoptotic activity in cancer research. In the present study, we describe the profiles of two major endocannabinoids, ceramides, free fatty acids and relevant metabolic enzymes in 47 pairs of human colorectal cancer tissues and adjacent non-tumor tissues. Among them, anandamide (AEA) and its metabolite, arachidonic acid (AA), were markedly upregulated in cancer tissues particularly in those with lymphatic metastasis. The levels of C16 and C24 ceramides were significantly elevated in the colorectal tumor tissues, while levels of C18 and C20 ceramides showed opposite trends. Levels of two enzymes participating in the biosynthesis and degradation of AEA, N-acyl-phosphatidylethanolamine-hydrolyzing phospholipase D (NPLD) and fatty acid amide hydrolase (FAAH), together with the most abundant ceramide synthases (CerS1, CerS2, CerS5 and CerS6) in the colon were also determined. Quantitative-PCR analysis indicated that the mRNA levels of these enzymes were overexpressed in the tumor tissues. The activities of NPLD and FAAH were also upregulated. In addition, both gene and protein expression levels of cannabinoid receptor 1 (CB1) were elevated but not of CB2. Elevation of AEA and alteration of ceramides (C16, C24, C18, C20) may qualify as potential endogenous biomarkers and novel drug targets for colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-370 inhibits the progression of non-small cell lung cancer by downregulating oncogene TRAF4. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths, of which most can be attributed to non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). microRNAs (miRNAs) are a group of small non-coding RNAs that focus on post-transcriptional modification. The present study aimed to investigate the role and function of microRNA-370 (miR-370) in NSCLC and explore the underlying functional mechanisms. We found that miR-370 was significantly downregulated in the tumor tissues of NSCLC patients as well as in NSCLC cell lines. Overexpression of miR-370 by infection of recombinant lentivirus markedly inhibited cell proliferation and promoted cell apoptosis of NSCLC cells. In addition, in vivo tumor formation of NSCLC cells was decreased by miR-370 overexpression. Through bioinformatic analysis, we found that tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 4 (TRAF4), an oncogene as previously reported, was predicted as a putative target gene of miR-370. The direct targeting relationship between miR-370 and the 3'-untranslated region was validated by dual-luciferase reporter assay. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-370 downregulated the protein expression of TRAF4 in the NSCLC cells. Moreover, the growth inhibitory effect of miR-370 overexpression on NSCLC cells was abrogated by TRAF4 overexpression. In conclusion, our results suggest that miR-370 plays an important role in NSCLC by regulating TRAF4 and may be a potential target for the treatment of NSCLC."	1
"Title: miR-193b acts as a cisplatin sensitizer via the caspase-3-dependent pathway in HCC chemotherapy. Abstract: Mounting evidence suggests that microRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the development of cancer by targeting expression of tumor-related genes. In the present study, downregulation of miR-193b was observed in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues and HCC cell lines by quantitative RT-PCR analyses, suggesting that miR-193b is a tumor-suppressor in HCC. More importantly, miR-193b significantly enhanced the cytotoxicity of cisplatin in HepG2 cells by targeting Mcl-1. Knockdown of the Mcl-1 gene by specific siRNA exhibited a function similar to miR-193b on sensitizing HepG2 cells to cisplatin-inducing cytotoxicity. Furthermore, the miR-193b-induced sensitization of HepG2 cells to cisplatin cytotoxicity was abolished by the transfection of Mcl-1 expression plasmid that lacked the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR). In addition, activation of caspase-3 was needed for sensitization by miR-193b to cisplatin-mediated cell death. Thus, the present study revealed the downregulation of miR-193b in HCC cells and illustrated a synergistic effect on cisplatin-induced apoptosis by targeting Mcl-1."	1
"Title: Knockdown of ILK inhibits glioma development via upregulation of E-cadherin and downregulation of cyclin D1. Abstract: Integrin-linked kinase (ILK) is a highly conserved serine-threonine protein kinase that interacts with cytoplasmic domains of integrin subunits in tumor tissues. However, the relationship between gliomas and ILK is elusive. The present study aimed to investigate the role of ILK in a human glioma cell line (U251). ILK stable expressing vector, U251ILK-PGFP-V-RS-shRNA, was established and named as U251-si. The empty-PGFP-V-RS-shRNA (U251-N) was employed as the control. Quantitative real-time PCR and western blot analysis were used to detect ILK and E-cadherin mRNA and protein expression, respectively. Cell cycle analysis was employed to examine the cell cycle distribution. Cell migration was detected using a wound healing assay, and cell invasion was detected using a Transwell invasion assay. Tumor size and weight were also examined. The results indicated that ILK was expressed at a lower level at both the mRNA and protein levels in the U251-si group compared with the U251-N group (p<0.01). ILK knockdown suppressed cell proliferation of the glioma cells. Knockdown of ILK reduced the migratory and invasive potentials of the glioma cells. Inhibition of ILK expression upregulated E-cadherin and downregulated cyclin D1 in the glioma cells compared to the U251-N group (p<0.05). Knockdown of ILK in the U251 cells attenuated the ability of U251 cells to form tumors in nude mice and impaired glioma cell in vivo tumorigenicity. In conclusion, knockdown of ILK inhibits glioma cell migration, invasion and proliferation through upregulation of E-cadherin and downregulation of cyclin D1. Our results suggest that ILK may serve as a promising therapeutic target for glioma."	1
"Title: Daintain/AIF-1 accelerates the activation of insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor signaling pathway in HepG2 cells. Abstract: Daintain/allograft inflammatory factor-1 (AIF-1), as a novel inflammatory factor, has been reported to accelerate the proliferation and migration of breast cancer cells. However, the effect of daintain/AIF-1 on hepatocarcinogenesis remains unclear. In order to explore the effect of daintain/AIF-1 on the progression of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) were performed to examine the secretion and gene expression of (IGF)-1, IGF-2 and IGFBP-3. The expression of IGF-1R and its downstream targets was evaluated by western blotting. In addition, the proliferation and cell-cycle progression of HepG2 cells was assessed by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenylterazolium bromide (MTT) and flow cytometric analysis. The results showed that HepG2 cells subjected to daintain/AIF-1 treatment revealed an obvious increase in the secretion of IGF-1 and IGF-2, and a reduction in the secretion of IGFBP-3. Moreover, daintain/AIF-1 accelerated the activation of IGF-1-induced IGF-1R and its downstream AKT signaling pathway, and subsequently promoted the activation of cyclin D1 pathway, thus accelerating the progression of the cell cycle and eventually promoting the proliferation of HepG2 cells. In conclusion, daintain/AIF-1 promoted the proliferation of HepG2 cells by accelerating the activation of IGF-1R and its downstream signaling pathway, which confirms that daintain/AIF-1 plays a crucial role in the development of HCC."	1
"Title: Apoptosis inhibitor TRIAP1 is a novel effector of drug resistance. Abstract: TP53-regulated inhibitor of apoptosis 1 (TRIAP1) is a novel apoptosis inhibitor that binds HSP70 in the cytoplasm and blocks the formation of the apoptosome and caspase-9 activation. TRIAP1 has been shown to be upregulated in many types of cancers; however, its role remains elusive. We determined the TRIAP1 mRNA levels in a panel of human tissues and found its expression to be ubiquitous. Normal breast, as well as non-tumorigenic breast cells, exhibited lower TRIAP1 mRNA levels than breast cancer cells or their drug-resistant derivatives. TRIAP1 is a small, evolutionarily conserved protein that is 76 amino acids long. We found that yeast cells, in which the TRIAP1 homologue was knocked out, had increased sensitivity to doxorubicin. Equally, RNA interference in breast cancer drug-resistant cells demonstrated that downregulation of TRIAP1 impaired cell growth in the presence of doxorubicin. As expected, caspase-9 activation was diminished after overexpression of TRIAP1 in drug-resistant cells. Importantly, stable transfections of a TRIAP1 expression plasmid in CAL51 cells led to a marked increase in the number of doxorubicin-resistant clones, that was abolished when cells expressed hairpins targeting TRIAP1. In addition, we showed that TRIAP1 expression was also triggered by estrogen deprivation in MCF-7 cells. Although both polyclonal and monoclonal antibodies generated for the present study failed to robustly detect TRIAP1, we demonstrated that TRIAP1 represents a novel marker for drug resistance in breast cancer cells and it may be used in the stratification of breast cancer patients once a suitable antibody has been developed. Equally, these studies open potential drug development strategies for blocking TRIAP1 activity and avoiding drug resistance."	1
"Title: Integrin ?4 is involved in the regulation of glioma-induced motility of bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells. Abstract: Bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells (BMSCs) have the ability of migrating towards glioma tissue. However, this migratory behavior remains to be elucidated. The aim of this study was to define the role of integrin ?4 in the motility of BMSCs towards glioma. The role of integrin ?4 in the migration of BMSCs towards glioma was evaluated using an in vitro migration assay with the application of a specific integrin ?4?blocking antibody. The effect of glioma conditioned medium (CM) on the integrin ?4 expression level of BMSCs was assessed by RT-PCR, immunocytochemistry and western blot analysis. BAY11-7082, LY294002, SB203580, PD98059 and SP600125 were used to investigate the role of NF-?B, PI3K, p38 MAPK, MEK and JNK in the above process. In addition, the role of NF-?B in the tropism of BMSCs towards glioma was also evaluated using the in vitro model. The migration of BMSCs towards glioma CM was attenuated by blocking integrin ?4. The stimulation of glioma CM increased integrin ?4 expression of BMSCs. Furthermore, the inhibition of NF-?B and PI3K decreased the glioma-induced integrin ?4 upregulation on BMSCs. Inhibition of NF-?B decreased the number of migrating BMSCs towards gliomas. Glioma cells induced the migration of BMSCs by promoting the expression of integrin ?4. NF-?B and PI3K contributed to the signal transduction of this process. Similar to PI3K, NF-?B is associated with the regulation of BMSCs migration toward glioma. Thus, these results may be useful to elucidate the mechanism involved in the glioma-induced migration of BMSCs."	1
"Title: Depletion of histone deacetylase 1 inhibits metastatic abilities of gastric cancer cells by regulating the miR-34a/CD44 pathway. Abstract: Overexpression of histone deacetylases (HDACs) is associated with higher metastatic rates and a poor prognosis in gastric cancer. However, the underlying mechanisms involved remain unclear. The present study aimed to investigate the molecular pathways that are involved in HDAC1-mediated metastatic activities in gastric cancer cells. First we used a microRNA (miRNA or miR) microarray to screen potential miRNAs whose expression can be altered by HDAC1 depletion. Of these miRNAs, miR-34a is important as it is often inactivated in cancer cells and acts as a tumor suppressor for various types of cancer. The reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT?qPCR) results confirmed that miR-34a was upregulated by HDAC1 knockdown. Cells depleted of HDAC1 had lower abilities to migrate, invade and adhere, which were restored by a miR-34a antagomiR. Depletion of HDAC1 also resulted in impaired microfilaments and microtubules, while co-transfection of the miR-34a antagomiR attenuated these changes in the cellular cytoskeleton. The HDAC1/miR-34a axis regulated the expression and activation of CD44 and its downstream factors including Bcl-2, Ras homolog family member A (RhoA), LIM domain kinase 1 (LIMK-1) and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2. The latter three proteins were responsible for the organization of tubulin and actin cytoskeleton and the formation of cellular pseudopodia. In conclusion, results of the present study indicated that HDAC1 depletion inhibits the metastatic abilities of gastric cancer cells by regulating the miRNA-34a/CD44 pathway, which may be a potential target for the treatment of gastric cancer."	1
"Title: Growth inhibitory effect of adenovirus-mediated tissue-targeted expression of ribosomal protein L23 on human colorectal carcinoma cells. Abstract: A large body of evidence has established murine double minute 2 (MDM2) as a crucial negative regulator of p53 and the major suppressor of p53 function in tumors with wild-type (wt)-p53. Therefore, by inhibiting MDM2 one may reactivate p53 in tumor cells, leading to their demise. Previous studies revealed that ribosomal protein L23 (RPL23) inhibited MDM2-mediated p53 ubiquitination through direct binding to MDM2, and subsequently induced the p53 level as well as its activity, suggesting that it may be a candidate for use in tumor gene therapy. In the present study, we developed a recombinant adenoviral vector expressing the RPL23 gene under control of the carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) promoter (rAd/CEA-RPL23), and using an in vitro system with cultured human colorectal carcinoma LoVo cells harboring the wt-p53 gene, we proved that rAd/CEA-RPL23 infection could induce the accumulation of endogenous wt-p53 protein and thus lead to the inhibition of tumor cell growth via inducing cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. In vivo treatment of rAd/CEA-RPL23 also exhibited a significant inhibitory effect on tumor growth in nude mice bearing LoVo xenografts. Furthermore, we showed that rAd/CEA-RPL23 synergized with classic chemotherapeutic agent 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) and enhanced its activity against LoVo cells in vivo and in vitro. Taken together, the data presented here suggest that CEA promoter-targeted exogenous RPL23 expression could be of therapeutic value against human colorectal carcinoma that retains wt-p53."	1
"Title: Claudin-4 controls the proliferation, apoptosis, migration and in vivo growth of MCF-7 breast cancer cells. Abstract: Previous studies have shown that the expression of claudin-4 is upregulated in breast cancer. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role and the regulation of claudin-4 in MCF-7 breast cancer cells. For the in vitro experiments, MCF-7 cells were treated with recombinant vectors carrying cDNA for claudin-4 overexpression or short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) for claudin-4 silencing. Cell proliferation was determined by an MTT assay and cell migration ability was measured by a wound-healing assay. The cell cycle profile and apoptotic rate were analyzed using flow cytometry. The effect of methylation status on claudin-4 expression was determined by PCR and western blotting. For the in vivo tumorigenesis analysis, MCF-7 cells with or without claudin-4 silencing were transplanted into nude mice. In vivo cell growth was evaluated 14 days after transplantation. We found that claudin-4 overexpression increased MCF-7 cell proliferation and migration, and reduced the rate of cell apoptosis. Silencing of claudin-4 induced the opposite effects in MCF-7 cells. In addition, claudin-4 expression was upregulated by demethylation. Moreover, the size of tumor formation was reduced in nude mice transplanted with claudin-4 silenced MCF-7 cells. These observations suggested that claudin-4, which was regulated by methylation status, plays an important role in breast cancer growth and malignancy via the control of cell proliferation, migration and apoptosis."	1
"Title: Prostaglandin E2 promotes human cholangiocarcinoma cell proliferation, migration and invasion through the upregulation of ?-catenin expression via EP3-4 receptor. Abstract: Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) is involved in cholangiocarcinoma cell proliferation, migration and invasion through E prostanoid receptors, including EP1, EP2 and EP4. However, the functions and the mechanisms of those splice variants of EP3 receptors in promoting liver cancer cell growth and invasion remain to be elucidated. In our previous studies, four isoforms of EP3 receptors, EP3-4, EP3-5, EP3-6 and EP3-7 receptors, were detected in CCLP1 and HuCCT1 cells. However, the functions of these receptors in these cells have yet to be determined. It was reported that ?-catenin is closely correlated with malignancy, including cholangiocarcinoma. The present study was designed to examine the effects of 4-7 isoforms of EP3 in promoting cholangiocarcinoma progression and the mechanisms by which PGE2 increases ?-catenin protein via EP3 receptors. The results showed that PGE2 promotes cholangiocarcinoma progression via the upregulation of ?-catenin protein, and the EP3-4 receptor pathway is mainly responsible for this regulation. These findings reveal that PGE2 upregulated the cholangiocarcinoma cell ?-catenin protein through the EP3-4R/Src/EGFR/PI3K/AKT/GSK-3? pathway. The present study identified the functions of EP3 and the mechanisms by which PGE2 regulates ?-catenin expression and promoted cholangiocarcinoma cell growth and invasion."	1
"Title: Inhibition of skin squamous cell carcinoma proliferation and promote apoptosis by dual silencing of NET-1 and survivin. Abstract: The simultaneous silencing of multiple upregulated genes is an attractive and viable strategy to treat many incurable diseases including cancer. In the present study, skin squamous cell carcinoma (SSCC) tissue microarray was constructed and the expression of NET-1 and survivin was identified. The high expression of NET-1 and survivin gene in SSCC was confirmed as an important event for the formation and development of the cancer. A total of 100 primary SSCC patients were included in the present study. Expression of NET-1 and survivin in cancer cells was evaluated immunohistochemically in tissue microarrays. The interaction between NET-1 and survivin in SSCC by co-immunoprecipitation was subsequently verified by producing the siRNA sequence targeting the single gene (siRNA-NET-1 and siRNA-survivin) as well as NET-1 and survivin gene (one-chain-double-target siRNA). The levels of NET-1 and survivin mRNA and protein expression in A431 cells were detected by RT-qPCR and western blotting, and the expression of related genes including vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), cortactin, Bcl-2, caspase-3 and -8 was identified using RT-qPCR. The protein localization and expression of NET-1 and survivin in A431 cells were documented by immunohistochemistry and immuno-fluorescence staining. The proliferation and apoptosis of A431 cells were detected by CCK-8 assay and flow cytometry (FCM). The tissue microarray showed that NET-1 and survivin were highly expressed in SSCC, while the correlation analysis showed NET-1 expression was positively associated with survivin. In addition, we reported that using the one-chain-double-target siRNA conjugate composed of NET-1 and survivin siRNA sequences in the same backbone inhibited proliferation and promoted apoptosis of SSCC. The one-chain-double-target siRNA showed further downregulation on NET-1 and survivin mRNA and protein levels compared with NET-1 siRNA or survivin siRNA. It also exhibited greater suppression on proliferation and triggering of apoptosis in A431 cells than NET-1 siRNA or survivin siRNA. This result may be explained by the significant downregulation of VEGF, cortactin and Bcl-2, and upregulation of caspase-3 and -8. NET-1 and survivin were overexpressed in SSCC and an interaction between NET-1 and survivin was identified. The one-chain-double-target siRNA appears to be superior in inhibiting cell proliferation and promoting apoptosis compared with the single target siRNA. NET-1 and survivin may have correlative signaling pathways with VEGF, cortactin, Bcl-2, caspase-3 and -8. Simultaneous silencing of NET-1 and survivin using one-chain-double-target siRNA thus provides an advantageous alternative in the development of therapeutics for SSCC."	1
"Title: USP39 promotes the growth of human hepatocellular carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Ubiquitin specific protease 39 (USP39) plays an important role in mRNA splicing. In the present study, we investigated the role of USP39 in regulating the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). We detected USP39 expression in more than 100 HCC clinical samples. The USP39 expression was significantly higher in the tumor tissues compared to the adjacent normal tissues, and was strongly associated with the pathological grade of HCC. USP39 knockdown inhibited cell proliferation and colony formation in vitro in the HepG2 cells, while upregulation of USP39 promoted tumor cell growth. FCM assay showed that USP39 knockdown led to G2/M arrest and induced apoptosis in the HepG2 cells. USP39 knockdown by shRNA inhibited xenograft tumor growth in nude mice. Moreover, USP39 knockdown led to the upregulation of p-Cdc2 and downregulation of p-Cdc25c and p-myt1, while the expression of total Cdc2, Cdc25c and myt1 was not changed in the USP39-knockdown cells. We also found that p-Cdc2 was decreased in the USP39-overexpressing cells and was upregulated in the xenografted tumors derived from the HepG2/KD cells from nude mice. Meanwhile, the expression levels of FoxM1 and its target genes PLK1 and cyclin B1 were decreased in the USP39-knockdown cells. These results suggest that USP39 may contribute to FoxM1 splicing in HCC tumor cells. Our data indicate that USP39 knockdown inhibited the growth of HCC both in vitro and in vivo through G2/M arrest, which was partly achieved via the inhibition of FoxM1 splicing."	1
"Title: Podoplanin is involved in the prognosis of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma through interaction with VEGF-C. Abstract: We investigated the clinical significance of podoplanin expression in relation to clinicopathological variables in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), to determine its effectiveness as a marker for high-risk HNSCC patients. Upregulation of podoplanin in HNSCC tissues was examined using immunohistochemistry and clinicopathological analyses. Wound healing and invasion assays were performed using HNSCC cells that were transfected with podoplanin siRNA, podoplanin vector and cotransfection with both the podoplanin vector and VEGF-C siRNA. High podoplanin expression was significantly associated with ~3- and 5-fold increases in the presence of positive lymph node metastasis and poor histological grade, respectively (P<0.05). High levels of podoplanin expression were significantly associated with decreased overall and disease-specific survival rates (P<0.05). Furthermore, upregulation of podoplanin induced cell wound repair activity and invasiveness in the FaDu and SNU-1041 cells, respectively, while downregulation of podoplanin expression through VEGF-C silencing using co-transfection of both the podoplanin vector and VEGF-C siRNA suppressed cell wound healing and invasion abilities in the HNSCC cells. Our findings suggest that high podoplanin expression is associated with aggressive tumor behavior, poor prognosis and metastatic regulation through interaction with VEGF-C, suggesting that podoplanin may be used as a potential prognostic biomarker for HNSCC."	1
"Title: SOX9 Overexpression Promotes Glioma Metastasis via Wnt/?-Catenin Signaling. Abstract: SOX9 gene encodes a transcription factor essential for a central role in the development and differentiation of multiple cell lineages, such as in neurogenesis, neural crest development, etc. Recent study reported that overexpression of SOX9 mRNA is closely associated with poor clinical outcome of patients with malignant gliomas. In the present study, we have explored the regulatory role of SOX9 in glioma metastasis. To investigate the role of SOX9 in glioma metastasis, SOX9 overexpressed in human glioma cell line U251 on cell migration and invasion was evaluated via wound scratch, Transwell assay without or with Matrigel. SOX9-induced changes in EMT process were evaluated by Western blot. Furthermore, the role of ?-catenin in the regulatory effect of SOX9 on cell migration and invasion, and EMT process was explored by suppressing ?-catenin expression in SOX9-overexpressed U251 cells. SOX9 overexpression in U251 cells resulted in a significant increase in cell migration and invasion. SOX9 overexpression also markedly promoted the EMT process. More importantly, our results revealed that SOX9 stimulated metastasis through activating Wnt/?-catenin signaling. In summary, this study indicated that the promoting effect of SOX9 on glioma metastasis was, at least in part, through Wnt/?-catenin signaling. The findings in this study highlight the effectiveness and therapeutic potential to utilize SOX9 targeted strategies in the treatment of glioma."	1
"Title: Decreased expression of RPS15A suppresses proliferation of lung cancer cells. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related death in the world. Previous report has identified ribosomal protein s15a (RPS15A) as a TGF-?-responsible gene in the lung adenocarcinoma cell line A549. In this study, we used specific si-RNA to downregulate RPS15A expression in A549 cells and found that decreased RPS15A expression significantly inhibited cell proliferation and survival, as determined by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide and colony formation assays. Moreover, A549 cells were obviously accumulated in the G0/G1 phase in response to RPS15A knockdown, suggesting that RPS15A inhibition could induce a diminution of proliferation through cell cycle arrest. In addition, immunohistochemistry analysis further revealed that RPS15A was overexpressed in surgically resected lung cancer tissues. In conclusion, we identify RPS15A as a novel potential oncogenic gene involved in lung carcinogenesis. This study may provide a preliminary experimental basis for a gene therapy approach for treating lung cancer."	1
"Title: miR-335 inhibits the proliferation and invasion of clear cell renal cell carcinoma cells through direct suppression of BCL-W. Abstract: Increasing evidence has demonstrated that small non-coding microRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in cancer development and progression. Recent studies have shown that microRNA-335 (miR-335) functions as an oncogene or a tumor suppressor in various human cancer types, but its role in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC) remains poorly understood. In our study, we firstly found that the expression level of miR-335 was significantly downregulated in ccRCC tissues versus corresponding non-tumor tissues and the low expression of miR-335 was significantly associated with lymph node metastasis, larger tumor size, and poor T stage. Then, we found that overexpression of miR-335 significantly suppressed the proliferation and invasion of 786-O and CaKi-1 ccRCC cell lines. We subsequently found that miR-335 could interact with the 3'-untranslated regions (3'UTR) of B-cell CLL/lymphoma 2 like 2 (BCL-W or BCL2L2) messenger RNA (mRNA) and repress its expression. In addition, re-expression of BCL-W (without the 3'UTR) could partially abrogate the miR-335-induced 786-O and CaKi-1 ccRCC cell proliferation and invasion inhibition. Furthermore, we found that expression patterns of miR-335 were inversely correlated with those of BCL-W mRNA in ccRCC tissues. Taken together, these results indicate that miR-335 acts as a novel tumor suppressor to regulate ccRCC cell proliferation and invasion through downregulation of BCL-W expression."	1
"Title: Sulforaphane enhances temozolomide-induced apoptosis because of down-regulation of miR-21 via Wnt/?-catenin signaling in glioblastoma. Abstract: Temozolomide (TMZ) has been widely used in the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM), although inherent or acquired resistance restricts the application. This study was aimed to evaluate the efficacy of sulforaphane (SFN) to TMZ-induced apoptosis in GBM cells and the potential mechanism. Biochemical assays and subcutaneous tumor establishment were used to characterize the function of SFN in TMZ-induced apoptosis. Our results revealed that ?-catenin and miR-21 were concordantly expressed in GBM cell lines, and SFN significantly reduced miR-21 expression through inhibiting the Wnt/?-catenin/TCF4 pathway. Furthermore, down-regulation of miR-21 enhanced the pro-apoptotic efficacy of TMZ in GBM cells. Finally, we observed that SFN strengthened TMZ-mediated apoptosis in a miR-21-dependent manner. In conclusion, SFN effectively enhances TMZ-induced apoptosis by inhibiting miR-21 via Wnt/?-catenin signaling in GBM cells. These findings support the use of SFN for potential therapeutic approach to overcome TMZ resistance in GBM treatment. Our studies indicate that sulforaphane (SFN) enhances temozolomide (TMZ)-induced apoptosis because of down-regulation of miR-21 through Wnt/?-catenin signaling in glioblastoma (GBM) cells. These findings demonstrate SFN could be considered as a potential adjuvant therapeutic agent in treating GBM patients combined with TMZ in the future to affect resistance emergence. The further explorations are essential for the clinical application of SFN in GBM patients, and our results reveal an important mechanism of SFN chemopreventive and chemotherapeutic activity. Chr17, chromosome 17."	1
"Title: Aquaporin 1 promotes the proliferation and migration of lung cancer cell in vitro. Abstract: To examine the potential role of aquaporin 1 (AQP1) in lung cancer progression, the effects of AQP1 expression and underlying mechanisms on cell proliferation and migration were investigated on LLC and LTEP-A2 cell lines in vitro. LLC and LTEP-A2 lung cancer cells with a discrepant AQP1 expression level were used to determine the role of AQP1 in cancer cell proliferation and migration potential. An immuno-fluorescence assay was used to detect AQP1 expression levels in the LLC and LTEP-A2 cell lines. The method targeting the knockdown of AQP1 on lung cancer cell lines by siRNA was established and validated by RT-PCR and western blot analysis. The proliferation and migration abilities of AQP1 knockdown cell lines were detected by MTT, invasion and wound-healing assays. Moreover, the alteration of MMP-2, MMP-9, TGF-? and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) expression, associated with the migration and metastasis potential of lung cancer cell lines, was identified by western blot analysis in transfected cells. In the tumor cell migration and invasion test, AQP1 knockdown significantly decreased the migration and invasion of AQP1-siRNA cells. Additionally, the expression levels of MMPs were markedly decreased after AQP1-siRNA treatment in the two cell lines. Moreover, the decrease of MMP-2/-9 expression on lung cancer cell lines was associated with AQP1-siRNA doses. However, AQP1 knockdown did not have a significant effect on TGF-? and EGFR. The results suggest that AQP1 may facilitate lung cancer cell proliferation and migration in an MMP-2 and-9-dependent manner."	1
"Title: miR-15b promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition by inhibiting SMURF2 in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a key developmental program that is often activated during cancer invasion and metastasis. We report here that silencing SMURF2 (SMAD specific E3 ubiquitin protein ligase 2) promoted EMT in HPDE6c7 normal pancreas cells and overexpression of SMURF2 inhibited TGF-?-mediated EMT in the cells. Subsequent studies showed that SMURF2 was downregulated in pancreatic cancer tissues and it promoted mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET) in pancreatic cancer cells as well as its expression negatively associated with gemcitabine-resistance, but it did not alter cell viability, cell cycle and cell senescence. In addition, we demonstrated that miR?15b degraded SMURF2 and its overexpression promoted EMT in pancreatic cancer, and its expression was associated with metastasis in the disease. Elucidating molecular mechanism of EMT in pancreatic cancer not only will help us to further understand the pathogenesis and progression of the disease, but also offers new targets for effective therapies."	1
"Title: ERK5 positively regulates cigarette smoke-induced urocystic epithelial-mesenchymal transition in SV?40 immortalized human urothelial cells. Abstract: Bladder cancer is universally acknowledged as a significant public health issue. Abundant evidence shows that cigarette smoke (CS) is the primary risk factor for bladder cancer. However, the mechanism of CS-induced bladder cancer has not been fully elucidated. CS-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is critically involved in cell malignant transformation. The role of ERK5, the lesser studied member of the MAPK family, in regulating CS-triggered EMT has not yet been investigated. The objective of the present study was to investigate the regulatory role of ERK5 in CS-induced urocystic EMT. SV-40 immortalized normal human urothelial cells (SV-HUC-1) were used as in vitro CS exposure models. EMT phenotypic alterations were assessed by changes in cell morphology, invasive capacity, as well as expression of epithelial and mesenchymal markers. Protein and mRNA expression levels were analyzed by western blotting and quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). ERK5 inhibition studies were performed with a specific inhibitor. Exposure of SV-HUC-1 cells to CS induced morphological change, enhanced invasive capacity, reduced epithelial marker expression and increased mesenchymal marker expression. Importantly, we demonstrated for the first time that ERK5 positively regulated CS-mediated EMT in urothelial cells, as evidenced by the findings that CS promoted ERK5 activation, and that the CS-triggered alteration in the EMT phenotype was reversed by ERK5 inhibition."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated gene silencing of NOB1 suppresses non-small cell lung cancer cell proliferation. Abstract: NIN/RPN12 binding protein 1 (NOB1p) encoded by NOB1 has been found to be an essential factor in 26S proteasome biogenesis which participates in protein degradation. However, the functions of NOB1 in non-small cell lung cancer cells are largely unknown. In the present study, lentivirus-mediated NOB1 shRNA transfection in two non-small cell lung cancer cell lines (A549 and H1299) was accomplished, as determined by fluorescence imaging. Downregulation of NOB1 expression was confirmed by real-time PCR and western blotting. NOB1 silencing resulted in a significant decline in the proliferation and colony formation capability of non-small cell lung cancer cells. Moreover, flow cytometry showed that A549 cells were arrested in the G0/G1 phase of the cell cycle after NOB1 suppression. Furthermore, depletion of NOB1 resulted in a significant decrease in CDK4 and cyclin D1 expression. These results suggest that NOB1 may act as an important regulator in non-small cell lung cancer growth and could be a therapeutic target of non?small cell lung cancer."	1
"Title: Immature Colon Carcinoma Transcript 1 Is Essential for Prostate Cancer Cell Viability and Proliferation. Abstract: Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related death among men in the United States. More recently, immature colon carcinoma transcript 1 (ICT1) has been reported to be overexpressed in various kinds of cancer cells. However, the role of ICT1 in human prostate cancer has not yet been determined. The authors selected two ICT1-specific short hairpin RNA (shRNA) sequences to block its endogenous expression in human androgen-independent prostate cancer cell lines DU145 and PC-3. Decreased ICT1 expression by either specific shRNA significantly inhibited cell viability and proliferation. Moreover, compared to controls, ICT1-silenced cells were more inclined to redistribute in the G2/M phase, leading to cell cycle arrest. Flow cytometry and Annexin V-APC/7-AAD double staining confirmed that knockdown of ICT1 increased late apoptotic cells. Furthermore, they found that ICT1 knockdown restricting G2-M transition may be partly through suppression of CDK1 and Cyclin B1. Knockdown of ICT1 induced apoptosis through activation of poly ADP-ribose polymerase and caspase 3, upregulation of Bax expression, and downregulation of Bcl-2 expression in DU145 cells. In conclusion, this study highlights the crucial role of ICT1 in promoting prostate cancer cell proliferation in vitro. The depletion of ICT1 by lentivirus-mediated shRNA or small molecular inhibitor may provide a novel therapeutic approach for the treatment of prostate cancer."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-Mediated Short-Hairpin RNA Targeting Protein Phosphatase 4 Regulatory Subunit 1 Inhibits Growth in Breast Cancer. Abstract: Protein phosphatase 4 regulatory subunit 1 (PP4R1), as an interaction partner of the catalytic serine/threonine-protein phosphatase 4 catalytic subunit has been shown to involve in cellular processes and nuclear factor ?B signaling. However, the functions of PP4R1 in human breast cancers remain unclear. This study is designed to explore the effect of PP4R1 knockdown on the biological characteristics of breast cancer cells. Methods: A lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) was designed to knockdown the expression of PP4R1 in ZR-75-30 breast cancer cells. The efficiency of lentivirus-mediated shRNA infection was determined using fluorescence microscopy to observe lentivirus-mediated green fluorescent protein expression and confirmed to be over 80%. PP4R1 expression in infected ZR-75-30 cells was detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis. Cell proliferation and colony formation ability were measured by 3-(4,5-dimethyl-2-thiazolyl)-2,5-diphenyl-2-H-tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay and colony formation assay, respectively. Flow cytometry was used to measure cell cycle progression and cell apoptosis. In addition, apoptosis makers, including poly-ADP-ribose polymerase (PARP) and caspase-3, were investigated in PP4R1-silenced ZR-75-30 cells by western blot assay. Results: We successfully constructed lentivirus-mediated shRNA to target PP4R1 in ZR-75-30 cells. MTT assay and colony formation assay showed the loss of PP4R1 suppressed the proliferation of ZR-75-30 cells. Flow cytometry analysis indicated cell cycle arrest and increased cell apoptosis in PP4R1 knockdown cells. Further, the apoptosis response in cells depleted of PP4R1 was illustrated by downregulation of PARP and upregulation of caspase-3. Conclusion: Our results suggest that PP4R1 could promote breast cancer cell proliferation and might play a vital role in breast cancer occurrence."	1
"Title: Knockdown of USP39 by lentivirus-mediated RNA interference suppresses the growth of oral squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) is a frequently diagnosed life-threatening oral cancer worldwide and has become one of the leading causes of cancer-related mortality. However, the pathogenesis of this disease is very limited. Objective: In this study, we aimed to investigate the functional relationship between OSCC and a potential tumor related gene ubiquitin-specific proteases 39 (USP39). Methods: The lentivirus-based RNA interference was utilized to knock down USP39 expression in human OSCC CAL27 cells. The effect of USP39 on cell proliferation was detected by MTT and colony formation assays. Results: The results uncovered that the proliferation rate was significantly decreased in specific USP39-targeting lentivirus infected cells compared to control lentivirus infected cells. The colony formation capacity was also attenuated in CAL27 cells after USP39 knockdown. Moreover, knockdown of USP39 arrested CAL27 cells in S and G1/M phases of the cell cycle. Furthermore, USP39 silencing induced apoptosis of CAL27 cells via activations of Caspase 3 and PARP. Conclusions: In conclusion, the inhibition of USP39 in CAL27 cells suppressed cell growth probably via induction cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. USP39 might act as an oncogenic factor in OSCC and could be a potential molecular target for OSCC gene therapy."	1
"Title: Immunoglobulin gene expression in umbilical cord blood-derived CD34? hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells. Abstract: Recently, immunoglobulin (Ig) expression was reported in a variety of non-B lineage cells, including myeloid cells. We assessed whether hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells (HSC/HPCs) can express Ig. With Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) microarray database analysis, we found that IGHM was expressed with the highest frequency and level in umbilical cord blood CD34(+) HSC/HPCs, followed by IGK@, IGHE, IGHD, IGHG1, and IGHA1, while IGL@ was nearly not expressed. Ig expression was further confirmed by molecular experiments and immunofluorescence. Moreover, HSC/HPCs-derived Ig displayed restricted/biased usages and VHDJH rearrangement patterns. These results suggest that Igs, especially IgM, may have a role in CD34(+) HSC/HPCs function."	1
"Title: Effects of magnesium degradation products on mesenchymal stem cell fate and osteoblastogenesis. Abstract: The unique properties of magnesium (Mg) and its alloys that combine favourable mechanical properties, biocompatibility, and biodegradability, which until now have been restricted primarily to polymers, justify its study in the field of implantology. Previous in vivo studies have underlined the possible osteoconductive effects of Mg-based metals, and several in vitro studies have highlighted positive effects of Mg-enriched biomaterials. However, although the observed biological activity of magnesium is intriguing, it remains largely unexplored. Furthermore, due to increased regulations, the introduction of new implants on the market must be accompanied by thorough mechanistic understanding. Therefore, to mimic the in vivo effects of the degradation of Mg-based implants on mesenchymal stem cell differentiation during bone remodelling, non-haematopoietic multipotent foetal progenitor cells, i.e., human umbilical cord perivascular cells (HUCPV), were cultured for up to three weeks with or without osteoblastic differentiating media and with or without magnesium extract (approximately 5mM). To partially unveil the mechanism or to select paths for further investigation, a very broad selection of genes was chosen (e.g., those involved in osmolality sensing). Several classical bone markers were also studied at the gene and protein levels. The data suggest that Mg extract alone potentiates cell proliferation or delays the natural fate of maturation/differentiation. However, when the cells are driven toward osteoblastic differentiation, the effect of the Mg extract becomes much more complex, positively or negatively influencing differentiation via various pathways. These preliminary results confirm the choice of the various parameters utilised here and highzlight the importance of further studies."	1
"Title: HPV E6/p53 mediated down-regulation of miR-34a inhibits Warburg effect through targeting LDHA in cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) play crucial roles in regulating cell proliferation, differentiation and developmental timing. Aberrantly expressed miRNAs have recently emerged as key regulators of metabolism. However, little is known about its role in tumor metabolism of cervical cancer. In this study, we determined the oncogenic effects of miRNAs on Warburg effect, a metabolic phenotype that allows cancer cells to utilize glucose even under aerobic conditions. A gain-of-function study was performed in 12 down-regulated miRNAs that frequently reported in cervical cancer. We found that miR-34a plays a suppressive role in Warburg effect as evidenced by decreased lactate production and glucose consumption. Knockdown of oncoprotein E6 expression of human papillomavirus in SiHa and HeLa cells by siRNAs lead to an increased protein level of p53, decreased level of miR-34a, as well as reduced Warburg effect. Subsequently, lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA), which catalyzes the last key step in glycolysis, was identified as a direct target of miR-34a. Silencing of LDHA or introduction of miR-34a significantly attenuated colony formation ability and invasive capacity of SiHa and HeLa cells, and these effects were fully compromised by reintroduction of LDHA. In conclusion, our findings demonstrated that deregulated miR-34a/LDHA axis induced by HPV E6/p53 signaling facilitates tumor growth and invasion through regulating Warburg effect in cervical cancer, and provided new insights into the mechanism by which miR-34a contributes to the development and progression of cervical cancer."	1
"Title: Knockdown of HNRNPA1 inhibits lung adenocarcinoma cell proliferation through cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase. Abstract: Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A1 (HNRNPA1), a member of heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein family in actively growing mammalian cells, is involved in a variety of RNA-related processes. HNRNPA1 can enhance the degradation of inhibitory subunit of nuclear factor ? B alpha (I?B?) and lengthen the telomeres. Recently, it is reported that HNRNPA1 is aberrantly expressed in varied tumors. In this study we found HNRNPA1 protein overexpressed in lung cancer tissues. To explore the exact role of HNRNPA1 in lung cancers, we carried out a loss of function analysis of HNRNPA1 in A549 lung cancer cells by RNA interference (RNAi). The results demonstrated that knockdown of HNRNPA1 inhibited cell viability and colony formation of lung cancer cells and arrested cell cycle in G0/G1 phase. Our study suggested that HNRNPA1 might play an important role in lung adenocarcinoma cells and provided a foundation for further study into the potential of HNRNPA1 for lung cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Two lung development-related microRNAs, miR-134 and miR-187, are differentially expressed in lung tumors. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in various cellular events needed for embryonic development and tumorigenesis. As some of the development-specific gene expression patterns could be observed in cancers, we speculated that the expression pattern of lung development-specific miRNAs miR-134 and miR-187 might be altered in lung tumor samples. Lung cancer is the first cause of cancer related deaths worldwide, mostly due to its late diagnosis. Therefore, finding a reliable diagnostic tumor marker, based on molecular profile of tumorigenesis, would be critical in lowering lung cancer mortality. Methods: We employed a real-time RT-PCR approach to evaluate the expression alteration of two lung development-related miRNAs in lung tumor tissues. The suitability of miRs expression alterations as lung tumor biomarkers was tested by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis. The effect of miR-187 overexpression on a lung carcinoma cell cycle was assessed using flow cytometry analysis. Results: Our data revealed a significant upregulation (7.8 times, p<0.02) of miR-134 in lung tumors. However, its expression level failed to discriminate different tumor types and grades of malignancies from each other. Moreover, the ROC curves analysis did not give it a good score as a reliable biomarker (AUC=0.522, P=0.729). In contrast, miR-187 showed a significant down-regulation (P=0.008) in lung tumors. Similarly, its expression level failed to differentiate different tumor types or grades of malignancies. Nevertheless, ROC curve analysis gave it an AUC score of 0.669 (P=0.012), which suggests its suitability as a potential biomarker for lung cancer. Furthermore, ectopic expression of miR-187 in A549 cells caused a cell cycle arrest in G1 phase (P=0.013). Conclusion: Altogether, our data demonstrated an altered expression of two development-related miRNAs namely miR-134 and miR-187 in lung tumors for the first time. Moreover we have shown that miR-134 and miR-187 expression alternation were in accordance with their approved regulatory roles, therefore these miRNAs could serve as new biomarkers with potential usefulness in lung cancer diagnosis and treatments. In addition, miR-187 expression in tumor cells could perturb cell cycle which supported its possible role as tumor suppressor."	1
"Title: Overexpression of the BRIP1 ameliorates chemosensitivity to cisplatin by inhibiting Rac1 GTPase activity in cervical carcinoma HeLa cells. Abstract: BRCA1-interacting protein 1 (BRIP1), a DNA-dependent ATPase and a DNA helicase, is critical for BRCA-associated DNA damage repair functions and may be associated with the tumourigenesis and aggressiveness of various cancers. Here, we constructed a BRIP1 recombinant plasmid, overexpressed it in a cervical cancer cell line (HeLa) and found that ectopic expression of BRIP1 could remarkably enhance the antitumor activity of cisplatin, as demonstrated by decreased cell viability, colony formation and tumour xenografts' weight. Moreover, BRIP1 promoted cisplatin-mediated cell apoptosis and suppressed tumour angiogenesis. We also found that the synergistic inhibition effect of BRIP1 might be partially attributed to attenuation of Rac1 GTPase activation and that Rac1 GTPase re-activation could reverse the sensitizing effect induced by BRIP1. Our study suggested that up-regulation of BRIP1 could enhance chemosensitivity of HeLa cells to cisplatin through inhibiting Rac1 GTPase activation, and it provides a new insight into the essential role of BRIP1 in cervical cancer chemotherapy."	1
"Title: Microarray-based gene expression profiling reveals genes and pathways involved in the oncogenic function of REG3A on pancreatic cancer cells. Abstract: We previously reported that regenerating islet-derived protein 3 alpha (REG3A) exacerbates pancreatic malignancies. The mechanism of this effect has not been clearly elucidated. Here we first identified key differentially expressed genes (DEGs) and signal pathways in the pancreatic cancer cell line SW1990, compared to two control cell lines, by microarray analysis. We then identified key genes and pathways regulated by REG3A or the cytokine IL6 in SW1990 cells. Afterwards, these DEGs induced by REG3A or IL6 were subjected to KEGG pathway enrichment analysis and GO function analysis by the DAVID online tool. Ultimately, we constructed protein-protein interaction networks among the DEGs by Cytoscape. Among the three pancreatic cell lines, SW1990 exhibited highly deterioration with the activation of genes and pathways related to proliferation, survival, angiogenesis, and invasion. As a result, 50 DEGs enriched in 11 pathways were identified in REG3A-treated SW1990 cells, and 28 DEGs enriched in 9 pathways were detected in IL6-treated cells. Overall, results of microarray analysis followed by qRT-PCR and Western blotting suggest that REG3A regulates pancreatic cell growth by increasing the expression of at least 8 genes: JAK1, STAT3, IL10, FOXM1, KRAS, MYC, CyclinD1, and c-fos; and activation of at least 4 signal pathways: TGF?, PDGF, angiogenesis and RAS. Similar results were obtained with IL6 treatment. Regulation network analysis confirmed the cell growth related DEGs, and further uncovered three transcription factor families with immune functions regulated by REG3A."	1
"Title: MiR-519d facilitates the progression and metastasis of cervical cancer through direct targeting Smad7. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play pivotal roles in the development of various cancer types, including cervical cancer. Methods and results: In this study, we showed that miR-519d, a miRNA within the chromosome 19 miRNA cluster, was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer tissues, compared with non-tumorous cervical samples. Suppression of miR-519d markedly attenuated the migration and invasion of HeLa and SiHa cervical cancer cells. Additionally, miR-519d inhibited the apoptosis of cervical cancer cells, and the proliferation of cervical cancer cells was also affected following transfection of miR-519d inhibitor. Moreover, we identified Smad7 to be a novel target of miR-519d in cervical cancer cells. MiR-519d matched the 3'-UTR of Smad7 mRNA. Transfection with miR-519d mimics led to apparent downregulation of Smad7 both at the mRNA and protein levels. Luciferase reporter analysis revealed that miR-519d reduced the luciferase activity of Smad7 mRNA 3'-UTR through matching site-dependent manner. And more notably, suppression of Smad7 remarkably restored the migration and invasion of miR-519d-depleted cervical cancer cells. Conclusion: Taken together, these findings implicated that miR-519d promoted the progression and metastasis of cervical cancer through targeting Smad7."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-542-3p suppresses cellular proliferation of bladder cancer cells through post-transcriptionally regulating survivin. Abstract: To investigate the clinical significance of microRNA-542-3p (miR-542-3p) and its target gene survivin in human bladder cancer, and to determine their functions in malignant phenotypes of this disease. Methods: Expression levels of miR-542-3p and survivin mRNA in bladder cancer and adjacent normal tissues were detected by quantitative RT-PCR. Cell proliferation and cell cycle were assessed by cell viability assay, flow cytometry and colony formation assay based on two human bladder cancer cell lines. Results: MiR-542-3p expression was downregulated, while survivin mRNA expression was upregulated in bladder cancer tissues, compared to adjacent normal tissues (both P<0.001). Importantly, the expression level of miR-542-3p in bladder cancer tissues was negatively correlated with that of survivin mRNA. MiR-542-3p-low and/or survivin-high expression were all significantly associated with tumor stage (all P<0.05) and tumor recurrence (all P<0.05) of patients with bladder cancer. Moreover, the enforced expression of miR-542-3p remarkably inhibited cell proliferation by inducing G1 phase arrest in both T24 and J82 cells, and decreased the expression level of survivin protein. In contrast, the knock-down of miR-542-3p dramatically promoted the proliferation of bladder cancer cells by accelerating the progression of cell cycle and increased the expression level of survivin protein. Conclusion: MiR-542-3p and its target gene survivin may play crucial roles in the aggressive progression of human bladder cancer. More interestingly, miR-542-3p may function as a tumor suppressor and inhibit the proliferation of bladder cancer cells, implying that miR-542-3p-survivin signal axis might be a novel therapeutic target of this disease."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-432 functions as a tumor suppressor gene through targeting E2F3 and AXL in lung adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Abnormal proliferation and drug resistance are the hallmarks of lung adenocarcinoma (LAD). Dispite the advances in diagnosis and therapy, the 5-year survival remains low. Increasing studies regarding its pathological mechanism have been focused on microRNA (miRNA) due to its nodal regulatory properties. This study aims to characterize the expression of miR-432 in LAD and investigate its effects on the proliferation and sensitivity of lung cancer cells to cisplatin. Here, we report that downregulation of miR-432 in LAD tissues was correlated with a higher clinical stage (p = 0.03) and poor prognosis (p = 0.036). Additionally, miR-432 expression was negative correlated with high Ki67 labeling index (p = 0.016) in our cohorts. Functionally, over-expression of miR-432 inhibits cell proliferation through arresting cell cycle and sensitizes tumor cells to cisplatin. Mechanistically, miR-432 functions by directly targeting E2F3 and AXL, and they, in turn, mediate the regulation of miR-432 towards cell proliferation and cisplatin sensitivity. Importantly, miR-432 levels are negatively correlated with the levels of E2F3 and AXL in human LAD tissues. These results demonstrated that miR-432 functions as a tumor-suppressive miRNA and may represent a prognostic parameter and therapeutic target for LAD."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-421 regulated by HIF-1? promotes metastasis, inhibits apoptosis, and induces cisplatin resistance by targeting E-cadherin and caspase-3 in gastric cancer. Abstract: Hypoxia and dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified as crucial factors in carcinogenesis. However, the potential mechanisms of HIF-1? and miR-421 in gastric cancer have not been well elucidated. In this study, we found that miR-421 was up-regulated by HIF-1?. Overexpression of miR-421 promoted metastasis, inhibited apoptosis, and induced cisplatin resistance in gastric cancer in vivo and in vitro. E-cadherin and caspase-3 were identified as targets of miR-421. Besides, relative mRNA expression of miR-421 was significantly increased in gastric cancer tumor tissues compared with non-tumor tissues in a cohort of gastric cancer specimens (n=107). The expression of miR-421 was higher in advanced gastric cancers compared with localized ones. Moreover, Kaplan-Meier analysis illustrated that those patients with low levels of miR-421 had a significant longer overall survival (p = 0.006) and time to relapse (p = 0.007). Therefore, miR-421 could serve as an important prognostic marker and a potential molecular target for therapy in gastric cancer."	1
"Title: Knockdown of ribosomal protein S15A induces human glioblastoma cell apoptosis. Abstract: RPS15A is a ribosome protein that is highly conserved in many organisms from yeast to human. A number of studies implied its role in promoting cancer cell growth. Methods: Here, we firstly conducted RPS15A gene expression analysis in brain cancer using Oncomine database and found RPS15A was remarkably overexpressed in glioblastoma (GBM) compared with that in normal tissues. Then, the expression of RPS15A was specifically silenced in GBM cell line U251 using lentiviral-mediated RNA interference technique. We further investigated the effect of RPS15A knockdown in U251 cells using MTT assay, colony formation test, and flow cytometry analysis. We detected the protein level of Bcl-2 and poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) as well as activation of caspase-3. Results: Our results showed that the knockdown of RPS15A could inhibit cancer cell growth and colony formation in vitro, as well as induced cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase and cell apoptosis. In addition, Western blot analysis indicated that the knockdown of RPS15A could significantly inhibit bcl-2 and activate caspase-3 and PARP. Conclusions: Our findings suggest RPS15A may play an important role in the progression of GBM and lentiviral-mediated silencing of RPS15A could be an effective tool in GBM treatment."	1
"Title: Osteogenic potential of human adipose-tissue-derived mesenchymal stromal cells cultured on 3D-printed porous structured titanium. Abstract: Integration of porous metal prosthetics, which restore form and function of irreversibly damaged joints, into remaining healthy bone is critical for implant success. We investigated the biological properties of adipose-tissue-derived mesenchymal stromal/stem cells (AMSCs) and addressed their potential to alter the in vitro microenvironment of implants. We employed human AMSCs as a practical source for musculoskeletal applications because these cells can be obtained in large quantities, are multipotent, and have trophic paracrine functions. AMSCs were cultured on surgical-grade porous titanium disks as a model for orthopedic implants. We monitored cell/substrate attachment, cell proliferation, multipotency, and differentiation phenotypes of AMSCs upon osteogenic induction. High-resolution scanning electron microscopy and histology revealed that AMSCs adhere to the porous metallic surface. Compared to standard tissue culture plastic, AMSCs grown in the porous titanium microenvironment showed differences in temporal expression for genes involved in cell cycle progression (CCNB2, HIST2H4), extracellular matrix production (COL1A1, COL3A1), mesenchymal lineage identity (ACTA2, CD248, CD44), osteoblastic transcription factors (DLX3, DLX5, ID3), and epigenetic regulators (EZH1, EZH2). We conclude that metal orthopedic implants can be effectively seeded with clinical-grade stem/stromal cells to create a pre-conditioned implant."	1
"Title: miRNA-223 is a potential diagnostic and prognostic marker for osteosarcoma. Abstract: MicroRNA-223 (miR-223) has been shown to be a potential diagnostic and prognostic marker for several cancers. In addition, miR-223 has been reported to suppress osteosarcoma cell proliferation in vitro. However, the clinical value of miR-223 is still unknown. Methods: We detected the expression of miR-223 expression in the serum of osteosarcoma patients and in osteosarcoma cancer cells using RT-PCR. We compared the serum expression of miR-223 with the clinicopathological characteristics and survival of osteosarcoma patients. Finally, we explored the role of miR-223 on the invasion of osteosarcoma cancer cells using cell migration and invasion assays. Results: We observed that the expression of miR-223 was significantly decreased in the serum of osteosarcoma patients and osteosarcoma cancer cells compared to healthy controls (P<0.01). Moreover, a receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis indicated that serum miR-223 is a potential diagnostic marker of osteosarcoma with an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.956. Importantly, the patients with a lower expression of miR-223 tended to have distant metastasis (P<0.001) and a more advanced clinical stage (P<0.001). In addition, the survival time of patients with low miR-223 expression was significantly shorter compared to patients with high miR-223 expression (P<0.001). Furthermore, we found that miR-223 could inhibit the migration and invasion of osteosarcoma cells. Conclusions: miR-223 might be related to the metastasis of osteosarcoma and could be used as a potential diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: Identification of a variation in the IVSII of ?2 gene and its frequency in the population of Guangxi. Abstract: During thalassemia screening, a previously unidentified ?2 gene variation in ?-globin gene cluster was isolated. This variation was distinct from other variations known to confer thalassemia as assessed by conventional thalassemia genotype analysis. Because the sample in the thalassemia screening was positive (MCV=83.6fL, MCH=26.1pg/cell, Hb=11.3g/dL), further analysis was required. Material and methods: MLPA (multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification) and sequencing were used for analysis, and a qPCR system was designed for the frequency study. Results: The MLPA result showed that there was a mutation or small fragment deletions between 34247 (160bp probe) and 34618 (196bp probe) in ?-globin gene cluster (NG_000006.1). Through sequencing, this variation was identified as HBA2: c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC. The gene polymorphisms similar to HBA2:c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC are ?121 and ?212. Since ?212 is unrelated to microcytosis, and the structure of HBA2: c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC is similar to ?212, this change is more appropriately considered as a polymorphism. The allele frequency of HBA2: c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC is 0.184% in this region. Conclusions: There is a certain ratio for HBA2:c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC carriers among the Chinese population. The HBA2:c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC variant results in an abnormal result from MLPA analysis. Investigators performing thalassemia screening in Guangxi region should be aware of the HBA2:c.301-24delGinsCTCGGCCC variant to avoid misinterpretation of the MLPA results."	1
"Title: Constitutive expression of PPAR? inhibits proliferation and migration of gastric cancer cells and down-regulates Wnt/?-Catenin signaling pathway downstream target genes TERT and ENAH. Abstract: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ? (PPAR?) is a member of the PPAR nuclear hormone receptor superfamily, which plays a crucial role in carcinogenesis. Wnt/?-Catenin signaling pathway has been well certified to contribute to the progression of gastric malignancies. ?-Catenin mediates transcriptional regulation by forming a complex with LEF/TCF transcription factors, resulting in activation of downstream target genes such as TERT, ENAH. In this study, we aimed at detecting the effect of PPAR? on TERT, ENAH and explaining the further mechanisms of PPAR? on tumor suppression. Methods: The pEGFP-N1-PPAR? recombinant plasmid has already been constructed by researchers in our laboratory. We stably transfected it into three gastric cancer (GC) cell lines (MKN-28, SGC-7901 and BGC-823). CCK-8 and transwell assay were employed to analyze the capability of cell proliferation and metastasis. The mRNA and protein levels were evaluated by real-time PCR and western blot analysis. Results: After transfected with PPAR? overexpression plasmid, the ability of cell proliferation and migration declined significantly (p<0.05). The expression of PPAR? increased (p<0.05) and ?-Catenin was inhibited obviously (p<0.05) in the group of pEGFP-N1-PPAR? plasmid transfection. Meanwhile, the mRNA or protein levels of TERT and ENAH were suppressed (p<0.05) in pEGFP-N1-PPAR? plasmid transfection group compared with control groups. Conclusion: PPAR? might inhibit the proliferation and migration of GC cell lines through suppressing the expression of TERT and ENAH. PPAR? played an important role as a physiological regulator and might be a target for the treatment of GC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-130b functions as a tumor suppressor by regulating RUNX3 in epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: To evaluate the clinical significance of microRNA (miR)-130b-Runt domain transcription factor (RUNX3) axis and its effects on oncogenic phenotypes of human epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). Methods: QRT-PCR was performed to detect the expression of miR-130b and RUNX3 mRNA in 100 EOC and 20 normal ovarian tissues. The associations between miR-130b and/or RUNX3 expression and various clinicopathological features of EOC patients were statistically analyzed. Then, the effects of miR-130b-RUNX3 axis on migration and invasion of EOC cells were assessed in vitro. Results: miR-130b expression was downregulated, while RUNX3 mRNA was upregulated, in EOC tissues compared to normal ovarian tissues (both P=0.001). Importantly, the expression level of miR-130b in EOC tissues was negatively correlated with that of RUNX3 mRNA significantly. Additionally, miR-130b-low and/or RUNX3-high expression were all closely correlated with advanced International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stage (all P<0.05). Moreover, overexpression of miR-130b reduced the expression of RUNX3 and inhibited cancer cell migration and invasion of EOC cells, whereas knockdown of miR-130b increased the expression of RUNX3 and promoted cancer cell migration and invasion of EOC cells. After that, the impaired motility of the miR-130b overexpression cells was recovered partly by the expression of RUNX3. Furthermore, the knockdown of RUNX3 also gave rise to a decrease in cell migration and invasion. Conclusion: Our data reveal that the dysregulation of miR-130b-RUNX3 axis may play important roles in EOC development and progression, and the loss of miR-130b may contribute to the malignant biological behavior of EOC cells via regulating the expression of RUNX3, implying their potentials as promising markers for predicting EOC progression and as candidate targets for gene therapy."	1
"Title: miR-150-5p and miR-133a suppress glioma cell proliferation and migration through targeting membrane-type-1 matrix metalloproteinase. Abstract: Gliomas are the most frequent primary tumors of the brain, and there is no successful treatment for highly malignant gliomas. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in a variety of biological processes. Recent studies showed that miR-150-5p and miR-133a are downregulated in various human malignancies, and one of target mRNAs was shown to be membrane-type 1 matrix metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP) mRNA. However, their detailed role in the processes of cancer remains to be determined. Here we found that miR-150-5p and miR-133a expression was significantly downregulated in glioma tissues compared with normal tissues, and that MT1-MMP expression was inversely upregulated in glioma tissues. Knockdown of MT1-MMP by specific siRNAs in U87 and U251 glioma cells induced suppression of cell proliferation and invasion/migration. Transfection of miR-150-5p or miR-133a mimics into glioma cell lines reduced MT1-MMP expression and MMP-2 activation by these cells, and cell proliferation and invasion/migration were also suppressed by it. Co-transfection of specific inhibitor oligo DNA for miR-150-5p or miR-133a abrogated miR-150-5p or miR-133a mimic's actions, respectively. These results suggest that miR-150-5p and miR-133a may suppress malignancy of gliomas by targeting MT1-MMP, and could be used as an anti-metastatic therapy for glioma patients."	1
"Title: Silence of MACC1 decreases cell migration and invasion in human malignant melanoma through inhibiting the EMT. Abstract: Metastasis-associated colon cancer 1 (MACC1) has been demonstrated to promote metastasis of several cancers via regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). However, its biological behavior in human malignant melanoma remains unclear. In this study, MACC1 downregulation was established in two melanoma cell lines (A375 and G361 cells) using RNA interference, as confirmed by quantitative real time PCR (qRT-PCR) and Western blot analysis. Subsequently, we investigated the effects of MACC1 silencing on cell mobility, migration and invasion using scratch wound and Transwell assays. Our results indicated that knockdown of MACC1 significantly suppressed cell migration and invasion ability of both melanoma cell lines. Moreover, downregulation of MACC1 upregulated E-cadherin, N-cadherin and Vimentin, as confirmed by qRT-PCR, Western blot and immunofluorescent Staining analysis. These findings suggest MACC1 might serve as a new molecular target for the treatment of melanoma by a novel mechanism underlying the metastasis of melanoma cells."	1
"Title: miR-222 confers the resistance of breast cancer cells to Adriamycin through suppression of p27(kip1) expression. Abstract: Adriamycin (Adr) is a potent chemotherapeutic agent for chemotherapy of breast cancer patients. Despite impressive initial clinical responses, some developed drug resistance to Adr-based therapy and the mechanisms underlying breast cancer cells resistance to Adr are not well known. In our previous study, in vitro, we verified that miR-222 was upregulated in Adr-resistant breast cancer cells (MCF-7/Adr) compared with the sensitive parental cells (MCF-7/S). Here, miR-222 inhibitors or mimics were transfected into MCF-7 cell lines. RT-qPCR and western blot were used to detect the expression of p27(kip1). Immunofluorescence showed that miR-222 altered the subcellular location of p27(kip1) in nucleus. MTT was employed to verify the sensitivity of breast cancer cell lines to Adr. Flow cytometry showed the apoptosis and cell cycles of the cells after adding Adr. The results showed that downregulation of miR-222 in MCF-7/Adr increased sensitivity to Adr and Adr-induced apoptosis, and arrested the cells in G1 phase, accompanied by more expressions of p27(kip1), especially in nucleus. Furthermore, overexpressed miR-222 in MCF-7/S had the inverse results. Taken together, the results found that miR-222 induced Adr-resistance at least in part via suppressing p27(kip1) expression and altering its subcellular localization, and miR-222 inhibitors could reverse Adr-resistance of breast cancer cells. These results disclosed that the future holds much promise for the targeted therapeutic in the treatment of Adr-resistant breast cancer."	1
"Title: Upregulation of MiR-196a promotes cell proliferation by downregulating p27kip1 in laryngeal cancer. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has confirmed that miR-196a plays a critical role in tumorigenesis and tumor progression in a variety of cancers. It has been demonstrated that miR-196a is highly up-regulated in laryngeal cancer by miRNA profiling analysis. However, the functional mechanism of miR-196a in laryngeal cancer remains unclear. This study aims to explore the mechanism of miR-196a in laryngeal cancer. Methods: In the present study, we conducted qPCR analysis of miR-196a expression in human laryngeal cancer and showed that miR-196a was overexpressed in tumor-derived samples and laryngeal cancer cell lines compared with matched normal controls. Further functional analysis of miR-196a demonstrated that the inhibition of miR-196a could inhibit laryngeal cell-cycle progression and proliferation in vitro. Luciferase reporter assay and western blot confirmed that miR-196a directly targeted p27kip1. Moreover, in order to investigate whether miR-196a regulated cell growth in laryngeal cancer cells by targeting p27kip1, rescue studies were performed in laryngeal cancer cells. Results: Results showed that overexpression of p27kip1 rescue decreased cell proliferation caused by miR-196a inhibitors. A negative relation between miR-196a and p27kip1 expression in laryngeal cancer tissues were also noted by further analyses. Conclusions: The present study showed that miR-196a was upregulated in laryngeal cancer and promoted cell proliferation by downregulating p27kip1 in laryngeal cancer. However, further studies are needed to verify this finding."	1
"Title: Knockdown of protein phosphatase 5 (PPP5C) suppresses the growth of leukemic cell line U937. Abstract: Serine/threonine protein phosphatase 5 (PPP5C) participates in multiple signaling pathways including cell cycle control and cell growth. PPP5C is involved in the progression of human breast cancer and hepatocellular carcinoma. However, its function in acute myelogenous leukemia (AML) remains unknown. In this study, we constructed a lentivirus system to knock down the expression level of PPP5C in leukemic cell line U937. Cell proliferation and cell cycles were assessed by MTT assay and flow cytometry respectively. Western blot was used to determine the level of caspase-3, PARP (poly ADP-ribose polymerase), CDK4 and CyclinD1. Knockdown of PPP5C suppressed the proliferation ability of U937 cells, and led to G0/G1 phase arrest, inducing cell apoptosis in U937 cells. The apoptosis of the U937 cells was associated with upregulating cleaved caspase-3 and PARP, and downregulating CDK4 and CyclinD1. In conclusions, PPP5C knockdown inhibits U937 cell proliferation and might be used as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of leukemia."	1
"Title: The MRTF-A/B function as oncogenes in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Despite evidence that MRTF-A/B, co-activators of serum response factor (SRF), promotes tumor cell invasion and metastasis in cancer, there are no studies describing MRTF-A/B in pancreatic cancer. To clarify involvement of MRTF-A/B expression in pancreatic cancer, we used quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis to detect MRTF-A/B in pancreatic cancer, intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN) and non-neoplastic pancreata. MRTF-A/B expression differs significantly between cancer and non-neoplastic tissues as well as between non-neoplastic tissues and IPMN bulk tissues. Next, we studied the roles of MRTF-A/B in vitro. Overexpression of MRTF-A/B promoted epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and generated stem cell-like cells in normal pancreatic cells. We performed quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction to detect the level of MRTF-A/B in 19 pancreatic cancer cell lines. We found that their expression was associated with gemcitabine resistance. Like in normal pancreatic cells, MRTF-A/B also promoted EMT and promoted formation of stem cell-like cells in pancreatic cancer and they could regulate microRNA expression associated with EMT and CICs. Finally, to further demonstrate the roles of MRTF-A/B in vivo, we performed nude mouse model of s.c. xenograft and found that overexpression of MRTF-A and MRTF-B promoted pancreatic cancer growth. Elucidating the roles of MRTF-A/B will help us to further understand molecular basis of the disease and offer new gene targets for effective therapies."	1
"Title: Pien Tze Huang inhibits the proliferation, and induces the apoptosis and differentiation of colorectal cancer stem cells via suppression of the Notch1 pathway. Abstract: Cancer stem cells (CSCs) possess properties of continuous self-renewal, multi-directional differentiation and natural chemoresistance, leading to the initiation, progression and relapse of cancer. The characteristics of CSCs are strongly associated with multiple cellular pathways such as Notch1 signaling. Therefore, targeting CSCs via suppressing the Notch1 pathway might represent a promising strategy for cancer treatment. The well-known traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) formula Pien Tze Huang (PZH) has long been used as an alternative remedy for various cancers including colorectal cancer (CRC). We previously reported that PZH contains a broad range of anticancer activities including an inhibitory effect on CSCs. To further elucidate the mode of action of PZH, in this study we isolated the stem-like side population (SP) from the human CRC SW480 cell line to investigate its effect on CSCs as well as the possible molecular mechanisms. As compared with non-SP cells, the isolated SW480 SP cells displayed stronger capacities of spheroid formation in vitro and tumorigenicity in vivo, demonstrating the stem cell-like features of SP cells. However, PZH treatment significantly decreased the percentage of SP cells in a dose-dependent manner. In addition, PZH significantly and does-dependently inhibited the viability and promoted the apoptosis and differentiation of the isolated SW480 SP cells. Moreover, PZH treatment profoundly reduced the mRNA and protein expression of Notch1 and Hes1 in the SP cells. Our findings suggest that PZH negatively modulates the characteristics of CSCs through suppression of the Notch1 signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Upregulation of long non-coding RNA PRNCR1 in colorectal cancer promotes cell proliferation and cell cycle progression. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common cancers worldwide. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been confirmed to play a critical regulatory role in various biological processes including carcinogenesis, which indicates that lncRNAs are valuable biomarkers and therapeutic targets. The novel lncRNA prostate cancer non-coding RNA 1 (PRNCR1) is located in the susceptible genomic area of CRC, however the functional role of PRNCR1 remains unknown. Thus, we aimed to investigate the clinical significance and biological function of PRNCR1 in CRC. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to assess the expression profile of PRNCR1 in CRC tissues and cell lines. An antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) was designed to knock down PRNCR1. In a cohort of 63 patients, PRNCR1 was significantly overexpressed in CRC tissues compared with the expression in adjacent tissues, with an average fold increase of 10.55 (P=0.006). Additionally, a high level of PRNCR1 was associated with large tumor volume (P<0.05). Based on receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC), we found that the area under the curve (AUC) of PRNCR1 was 0.799 while the AUC of conventional biomarker CEA-CA199 was 0.651, indicating that PRNCR1 could be a sensitive diagnostic biomarker of CRC. Compared with the normal human colorectal epithelial cell line (FHC), PRNCR1 was upregulated in most CRC cell lines (HCT116, SW480, LoVo and HT-29). After knockdown of PRNCR1 by ASO, CRC cell proliferation ability was significantly inhibited. We further found that PRNCR1 knockdown induced cell cycle arrest in the G0/G1 phase and a significant decrease in the proportion of cells in the S phases. In contrast, PRNCR1 knockdown did not affect cell apoptosis or invasive ability. Hence, these data indicate that PRNCR1 promotes the proliferation of CRC cells and is a potential oncogene of CRC."	1
"Title: TCEB2 confers resistance to VEGF-targeted therapy in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Targeted therapy has revolutionized the therapeutic landscape in oncology in recent years and anti-VEGF agent has been approved for ovarian cancer (OC). Unfortunately, the efficacy of this treatment is limited due to the development of resistance, while the molecular mechanisms underlying OC resistance to anti-VEGF therapy are less clear. In this study, we observed a differential response of OC cells to anti-VEGF agent bevacizumab (BV) by using xenograft models. Gene expression analysis showed that TCEB2 gene was significantly upregulated in the OC tumors with acquired resistance compared with the sensitive tumors. Further mechanism dissections demonstrated that TCEB2 played a critical role in the development of acquired resistance to BV in OC cells via promoting HIF-1? degradation and suppressing VEGF-A expression. In TCEB2 overexpressing cells, interleukin-8 (IL-8) was elevated and functioned as a compensatory angiogenesis signaling which was sensitive to IL-8 monoclonal antibody (IL-8 Ab). The combination of BV and IL-8 Ab exhibited synergistic effect of growth inhibition on both OC and endothelial cells. Thus, this study provides an alternative strategy of simultaneously targeting VEGF-A and IL-8 for combating OC."	1
"Title: Depletion of Cks1 and Cks2 expression compromises cell proliferation and enhance chemotherapy-induced apoptosis in HepG2 cells. Abstract: The present study explored the oncogenic roles of overexpressed Cks1 and Cks2 in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells. Gene expression of Cks1 and Cks2 in HepG2 cells was disrupted by siRNA or increased by cDNA transfection. Cell proliferation was assayed by CCK-8 analysis and cell counting. Cisplatin-induced apoptosis after transfection was measured by flow cytometry using Annexin V/propidium iodide (PI) double staining. Cell cycle changes after transfection were determined by flow cytometry with PI staining. Protein levels of Akt and GSK-3? were measured after transfection. The results revealed that HepG2 proliferation was decreased by depletion of endogenous Cks1 or Cks2, and increased by overexpression of Cks1 or Cks2. HepG2 apoptosis increased concordantly with the decline of Cks1 or Cks2 expression. Overexpression of Cks1 or Cks2 prevented cell apoptosis. Protein levels of p?Akt and p?GSK-3? were downregulated after RNA interference of Cks1 or Cks2. In conclusion, Cks1 and Cks2 promoted proliferation and prevented apoptosis of HepG2 cells. The Akt/GSK-3?-related PI3K/Akt signaling pathway may be a key signaling pathway that is involved in the regulation of cell growth and cell death."	1
"Title: The clinical significance of transforming acidic coiled-coil protein 3 expression in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: The relationship between TACC3, a member of the transforming acidic coiled-coil proteins (TACCs) family, and lung carcinoma remains unclear. The present study was designed to explore the prognostic and clinical significance of TACC3 in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). An immunohistochemistry (IHC) assay was performed to analyze the expression of TACC3 in 195 lung cancer cases. The mRNA and protein levels of TACC3 were examined by quantitative reverse transcription-PCR or western blotting. The correlation between TACC3 expression and clinicopathological factors was analyzed by ?2 analysis and Fisher's exact test. Kaplan-Meier analysis and the Cox proportional hazards model were used to examine the correlation of prognostic outcomes with TACC3. The results showed that the levels of TACC3 mRNA and total protein were higher in lung cancer lesions than paired non-cancerous tissues. IHC analysis revealed that TACC3 was highly expressed in 94 (48.2%) cases. The expression of TACC3 was strongly correlated with smoking status, histological classification, differentiation, cytokeratin 19 fragment levels, T stage and the clinical stage of NSCLC patients. Univariate and multivariate analyses demonstrated that TACC3 is a useful biomarker for NSCLC prognosis. The low TACC3 expression group exhibited better progression-free survival (PFS) among patients who received anti-microtubule chemotherapy. In conclusion, the results showed that a high level of TACC3 expression was correlated with advanced clinicopathological classifications, poor overall survival (OS) and poor recurrence-free survival (RFS) in NSCLC patients. Our findings indicate that TACC3 is a potential prognostic marker and therapeutic target for NSCLC."	1
"Title: Effects of lentivirus-mediated shRNA targeting integrin-linked kinase on oral squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Integrin-linked kinase (ILK), a highly conserved intracellular protein of serine/threonine protein kinase activities, which is associated with the integrin and growth factor receptor signaling pathway, is involved in the regulation of cell proliferation, apoptosis, differentiation, migration and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Findings of a previous study showed that ILK overexpression was strongly correlated with a more aggressive tumor phenotype, recurrence and poor survival for oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) patients, as well as some EMT markers. In order to investigate the underlying mechanisms involved, a lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) was employed to downregulate ILK. The results showed that the knockdown of ILK inhibited cell growth, adhesion and invasion ability in vitro, and OSCC cells deficient of ILK were blocked in the S phase and underwent apoptosis. Additionally, ILK shRNA inhibited EMT by impairing the expression of Snail, Slug and Twist2 and enhacning E-cadherin expression. ILK shRNA suppressed the phosphorylation of downstream signaling targets Akt and GSk-3?. In addition, the knockdown of ILK inhibited tumor growth, invasion and metastasis of xenograft tumors in vivo. These results suggested that ILK is a promising therapeutic target for the treatment of OSCC."	1
"Title: Ezrin-radixin-moesin-binding phosphoprotein-50 regulates EGF-induced AKT activation through interaction with EGFR and PTEN. Abstract: Dysregulated epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) signaling, especially EGFR/AKT signaling, plays important roles in tumorigenesis and progression, the study on intracellular regulation of this signaling pathway has great clinical significance. Phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome ten (PTEN) is an important antagonist of AKT activity. Its regulation of AKT activity can be enhanced by ezrin-radixin-moesin-binding phosphoprotein-50 (EBP50)-mediated PTEN/EBP50/platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) complex. EBP50 was reported to bind to EGFR, and that it may also mediate the formation of PTEN/EGFR complex to regulate EGFR/AKT signaling. In this study, experiments were performed to verify the hypothesis. Results showed that PTEN co-immunoprecipitated with EGFR, demonstrating PTEN/EGFR complex can form in tissue. Further studies showed that EBP50 knockdown decreased the amount of PTEN/EGFR complex by GST pull-down assay, and EBP50 overexpression increased the amount of PTEN/EGFR complex in a dose-dependent manner. While PTEN mutant (V403A), which can not bind with EBP50, only slightly mediated the formation of PTEN/EGFR complex, confirming that EBP50 specifically mediated the formation of the PTEN/EGFR complex. Both PTEN (V403A) and EGFR (L1043/1063F) mutants can not bind with EBP50. The expression of PTEN (V403A) or EGFR (L1043/1063F) mutant in cells resulted in higher AKT activation level than their respective wild-types by EGF stimulation, indicating that EBP50-mediated PTEN/EGFR complex can effectively inhibit EGF-induced AKT activation. EGF stimulation of siEBP50 cells induced higher AKT activation level compared with control cells, further confirming EBP50-mediated PTEN/EGFR complex can more effectively inhibit EGF-induced AKT activation. These results demonstrated the PTEN/EGFR complex formed under the mediation of EBP50, revealing a novel mechanism for negative regulation of EGF-induced AKT pathway, which may be an important molecular target for antineoplastic therapy."	1
"Title: miR-296-5p suppresses cell viability by directly targeting PLK1 in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Polo-like kinase 1 (PLK1), a critical kinase for mitotic progression, is overexpressed in a wide range of cancers. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small non-coding RNA molecules and proposed to play important roles in the regulation of tumor progression and invasion. However, the relationship between PLK1 and miRNAs have remained unclear. In the present study, the association between PLK1 and miR-296-5p was investigated. The upregulation of PLK1 mRNA expression levels combined with the downregulation of miR-296-5p levels were detected in both non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) tissues and cell lines. Functional studies showed that knockdown of PLK1 by siRNA inhibited NSCLC cells proliferation. Impressively, overexpression of miR-296-5p showed the same phenocopy as the effect of PLK1 knockdown in NSCLC cells, indicating that PLK1 was a major target of miR-296-5p. Furthermore, using western blot analysis and luciferase reporter assay, PLK1 protein expression was proved to be regulated by miR-296-5p through binding to the putative binding sites in its 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR). Taken together, the present study indicated that miR-296-5p regulated PLK1 expression and could function as a tumor suppressor in NSCLC progression, which provides a potential target for gene therapy of NSCLC."	1
"Title: Fra-1 is upregulated in lung cancer tissues and inhibits the apoptosis of lung cancer cells by the P53 signaling pathway. Abstract: Fos-related antigen-1 (Fra-1) is a member of the activator protein-1 transcription factor superfamily. It plays important roles in oncogenesis in various types of malignancies. Herein, we investigated the expression of Fra-1 in lung cancer tissues by qPCR, immunohistochemistry, and western blot technologies. The results showed that Fra-1 was overexpressed in the lung cancer tissues when compared with the level in the adjacent non-cancerous tissues. To explore the possible mechanism of Fra-1 in lung cancer, we elucidated the effect of Fra-1 on the apoptosis of lung cancer H460 cells, and found that the rate of cell apoptosis was decreased in the H460/Fra-1 cells compared with the H460 or H460/vector cells. Cell apoptosis is closely related with a reduction in mitochondrial membrane potential (??m) and an increase in intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) and calcium ion (Ca2+) concentrations. Our results showed that overexpression of Fra-1 in the lung cancer H460 cells, led to an increase in ??m and and a decrease in intracellular ROS and Ca2+ concentrations. Furthermore, we found that Fra-1 was correlated with dysregulation of the P53 signaling pathway in lung cancer tissues in vitro. At the same time, we found that Fra-1 overexpression affected the expression of MDM2 and P53 in vivo. In summary, our results suggest that Fra-1 is upregulated in lung cancer tissues and functions by affecting the P53 signaling pathway in lung cancer."	1
"Title: Knockdown of long non-coding RNA HOTAIR inhibits proliferation and invasiveness and improves radiosensitivity in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is still one of the most important neoplasias causing human death. Multidisciplinary therapy has won consensus in the management of CRC, of which, radiotherapy occupies an important position. However, radioresistance is still a major obstacle in local control of CRC. Overexpression of long non-coding RNA HOTAIR has been found to correlate with tumorigenesis and poor prognosis in several types of cancer. In the present study, we analyzed HOTAIR expression levels of 53 CRC patients in tumor and adjacent normal tissue by real-time quantitative PCR. Knockdown of HOTAIR by RNA interference was performed to explore its roles in cell proliferation, migration, invasion, apoptosis and radiosensitivity. Results showed that CRC patients had higher HOTAIR expression in tumor tissues compared with adjacent normal tissues. In vitro, downregulation of HOTAIR reduced proliferation, migration and invasiveness while enhanced apoptosis and radio-sensitivity of CRC cells. Taken together, our findings suggest that long non-coding RNA HOTAIR expression is closely associated with tumor invasion and radiosensitivity, indicating the potential role in diagnostics and therapeutics of CRC."	1
"Title: Knockdown of protein phosphatase 5 inhibits ovarian cancer growth in vitro . Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the most common cause of gynecological cancer-related mortality. Serine/threonine protein phosphatase 5 (PP5, PPP5C) has been recognized to be involved in the regulation of multiple cellular signaling cascades that control diverse cellular processes, including cell growth, differentiation, proliferation, motility and apoptosis. In this study, to evaluate the functional role of PP5 in ovarian cancer cells, lentivirus-mediated RNA interference (RNAi) was applied to silence PPP5C in the human ovarian cancer cell line CAOV-3. Cell viability was measured by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay. Cell colony forming ability was measured by colony formation. Cell cycle progression was determined by propidium iodide staining and flow cytometry. The results demonstrated that lentivirus-mediated RNAi specifically suppressed the expression of PPP5C at the mRNA and protein levels in CAOV-3 cells. Further investigations revealed that PP5 knockdown significantly inhibited the proliferation and colony formation of CAOV-3 cells. Moreover, the cell cycle of CAOV-3 cells was arrested at the G0/G1 phase following PP5 knockdown. This study highlights the crucial role of PP5 in promoting ovarian cancer cell proliferation, and provides a foundation for further study into the clinical potential of lentiviral-mediated delivery of PP5 RNAi therapy for the treatment of ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Curcumin improves the efficacy of cisplatin by targeting cancer stem-like cells through p21 and cyclin D1-mediated tumour cell inhibition in non-small cell lung cancer cell lines. Abstract: Natural compounds such as curcumin have the ability to enhance the therapeutic effectiveness of common chemotherapy agents through cancer stem-like cell (CSC) sensitisation. In the present study, we showed that curcumin enhanced the sensitivity of the double-positive (CD166+/EpCAM+) CSC subpopulation in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines (A549 and H2170) to cisplatin-induced apoptosis and inhibition of metastasis. Our results revealed that initial exposure of NSCLC cell lines to curcumin (10-40 µM) markedly reduced the percentage of viability to an average of ~51 and ~54% compared to treatment with low dose cisplatin (3 µM) with only 94 and 86% in both the A549 and H2170 cells. Moreover, sensitisation of NSCLC cell lines to curcumin through combined treatment enhanced the single effect induced by low dose cisplatin on the apoptosis of the double-positive CSC subpopulation by 18 and 20% in the A549 and H2170 cells, respectively. Furthermore, we found that curcumin enhanced the inhibitory effects of cisplatin on the highly migratory CD166+/EpCAM+ subpopulation, marked by a reduction in cell migration to 9 and 21% in the A549 and H2170 cells, respectively, indicating that curcumin may increase the sensitivity of CSCs to cisplatin-induced migratory inhibition. We also observed that the mRNA expression of cyclin D1 was downregulated, while a substantial increased in p21 expression was noted, followed by Apaf1 and caspase-9 activation in the double-positive (CD166+/EpCAM+) CSC subpopulation of A549 cells, suggested that the combined treatments induced cell cycle arrest, therefore triggering CSC growth inhibition via the intrinsic apoptotic pathway. In conclusion, we provided novel evidence of the previously unknown therapeutic effects of curcumin, either alone or in combination with cisplatin on the inhibition of the CD166+/EpCAM+ subpopulation of NSCLC cell lines. This finding demonstrated the potential therapeutic approach of using curcumin that may enhance the effects of cisplatin by targeting the CSC subpopulation in NSCLC."	1
"Title: RUNX3 plays an important role in As2O3?induced apoptosis and allows cells to overcome MSC?mediated drug resistance. Abstract: The interaction between bone marrow stromal cells and leukemia cells is critical for the persistence and progression of leukemia, and this interaction may account for residual disease. However, the link between leukemia cells and their environment is still poorly understood. In our study, runt?related transcription factor 3 (RUNX3) was identified as a novel target gene affected by As2O3 and involved in mesenchymal stem cell (MSC)?mediated protection of leukemia cells from As2O3?induced apoptosis. We observed induction of RUNX3 expression and the translocation of RUNX3 into the nucleus after As2O3 treatment in leukemia cells. In K562 chronic myeloid leukemia cells, downregulation of endogenous RUNX3 compromised As2O3?induced growth inhibition, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. In the presence of MSC, As2O3?induced expression of RUNX3 was reduced significantly and this reduction was modulated by CXCL12/CXCR4 signaling. Furthermore, overexpression of RUNX3 restored, at least in part, the sensitivity of leukemic cells to As2O3. We conclude that RUNX3 plays an important role in As2O3?induced cellular responses and allows cells to overcome MSC?mediated drug resistance. Therefore, RUNX3 is a promising target for therapeutic approaches to overcome MSC?mediated drug resistance."	1
"Title: Clinical effects of miR-101 on prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma and carcinogenic mechanism of anti-miR-101. Abstract: The aim of this study was to verify whether anti-miR-101 participates in the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) as a small-molecule antitumor agent, and to explore the effect on phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN). Patients who received consecutive hepatectomies were followed-up, and miR-101 expressions in their tumor and paracancerous tissues were detected. Correlation between miR-101 expression and clinical pathological factors and prognosis was studied. High?throughput sequencing was used to detect the genetic and microRNA (miRNA) levels of tumor tissues. Expression of anti-miR-101 in different HCC cell lines was determined, and those of desired genes and proteins were detected by qRT-PCR and western blotting to obtain the target gene. miR-101 was significantly upregulated in HCC patients compared with that in paracancerous tissues. High miR-101 expression, vascular invasion, tumor size ?7 cm and late pathological stage were the risk factors of recurrence-free survival rate. High miR-101 expression was the independent prognostic factor of total and recurrence-free survival rates. CXCL12, IL6R, FOXO3 and PTEN were screened as desired genes, and only PTEN was expressed significantly differently in three cell lines. miR-101 could bind 3'-UTR of WT-PTEN with reduced fluorescent intensity, suggesting that PTEN was the target gene. SMMC-7721, HepG2 and Huh7 were eligible cell lines for miR-101 studies. miR-101 was an applicable molecular marker of HCC. Anti-miR-101 regulated the transcription of PTEN and may promote cell proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis by regulating downstream genes with PTEN. The regulatory effects of anti-miR-101 on PTEN provide valuable evidence for finding novel miRNA drugs."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-140 represses glioma growth and metastasis by directly targeting ADAM9. Abstract: Glioma is the most frequent primary malignant tumor of the human brain. Recently, great progress has been made in the combined therapy of glioma. However, the clinical effects of these treatments and prognosis for patients with glioma remains poor. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been demonstrated to play important roles in the initiation and progression of various types of human cancers, also including glioma. The present study investigated the expression patterns of microRNA?140 (miR-140) in glioma, and the roles of miR-140 in glioma cell proliferation, migration and invasion. The results showed that miR-140 was significantly downreuglated in glioma tissues and cell lines, and low expression levels of miR-140 were correlated with World Health Organization (WHO) grade and Karnofsky performance score (KPS) of glioma patients. Restoration of miR-140 obviously suppressed glioma cell proliferation, migration and invasion. In addition, a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 9 (ADAM9) was identified as a novel direct target gene of miR-140 in glioma. Furthermore, knockdown of ADAM9 simulated the tumor suppressor functions of miR-140, while overexpression of ADAM9 abrogated these suppressive effects induced by miR-140 in glioma cells. In conclusion, the present study demonstrated the expression and clinical roles of miR-140 in glioma and suggested that miR-140 inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion of glioma cells, partially at least via suppressing ADAM9 expression. Therefore, miR-140 may be a novel candidate target for the development of therapeutic strategies for patients with glioma."	1
"Title: High expression of miR-15b predicts poor prognosis for hepatocellular carcinoma after curative hepatectomy. Abstract: The present study aimed to analyze the role and mechanism of miR-15b in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) after curative hepatectomy. Tissue samples from 13 patients with HCC who were operated on at the Chinese PLA General Hospital from March 2014 to May 2014 were collected. A consecutive 156 untreated patients with HCC who received curative hepatectomy at the Chinese PLA General Hospital (Beijing, China) from May 2008 to March 2009 were enrolled, and their corresponding para-tumoral and normal tissue samples were acquired. Subsequently, anti-miR-15b (inhibitor) was transfected into human HCC HepG2 cells. It was observed that high expression of miR-15b promoted cell proliferation of the HCC cells, while low expression of miR-15b suppressed cell growth and induced the apoptosis of HepG2 cells. It was found that overall survival of the patients with low miR-15b was increased, compared with the overall survival of the patients with high miR-15b expression. In addition, low expression of miR-15b suppressed the growth of HepG2 cells by suppression of transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?), T?RI and Smad2 protein expression. Meanwhile, low expression of miR-15b significantly activated Bax protein expression and caspase-3 activity in the HepG2 cells. The study results revealed that high expression of miR-15b could predict the poor prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma after curative hepatectomy through TGF-?/T?RI-Smad2-cyclin D1/Bax."	1
"Title: miR-451 suppresses bladder cancer cell migration and invasion via directly targeting c-Myc. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) expression is shown dysregulated in tumors. It has been reported that miR-451 alters gene expression and regulates tumorigenesis in various cancer tissues. However, its underlying biological significance in bladder cancer remains to be clarified. In the present study, we investigated the function and molecular mechanism of miR-451 involved in bladder cancer cell migration and invasion. Our results showed that miR-451 was downregulated in clinical bladder carcinoma tissues compared with adjacent bladder tissues. Overexpression of miR-451 significantly retarded the proliferation, migration and invasion of bladder cancer T24 and 5637 cells in vitro. Moreover, the attenuated cell migration and invasion by miR-451 was correlated with increased apoptosis. However, our dual-luciferase reporter assay validated that c-Myc, an oncogene in many tumors, was a direct target gene of miR-451 in bladder cancer. The expression of c-Myc was repressed by miR-451 in bladder cancer cells, and knockdown of c-Myc mimicked the effects of miR-451 overexpression. This discovery suggested that miR-451 is a tumor suppressor modulating bladder cancer cell migration and invasion by directly targeting c-Myc. In addition, apoptosis promoted by miR-451 may participates in this biological behavior. Therefore, target miR-451 may be a novel therapeutic intervention for bladder cancer."	1
"Title: miR-145 suppresses colorectal cancer cell migration and invasion by targeting an ETS-related gene. Abstract: MicroRNA-45 (miR-145) has been demonstrated to be downregulated in various cancer types including colorectal cancer (CRC). However, the function of miR?145 in CRC has not been clearly elucidated. In this study, we examined miR-145 expression by quantitative real?time PCR (qRT?PCR) in CRC cell lines as well as tumors and corresponding normal mucosa, and the results were correlated to the clinicopathological parameters. In addition, using computational algorithms we investigated putative miR?145 targets. The role of miR?145 was further examined in studies in vitro. In our study miR?145 was significantly decreased in CRC tissues and cell lines compared with non?cancerous colorectal mucosa, especially lymph node or distance metastasis cases. Based on computational algorithms, we assumed that ERG was directly modulated by miR?145 in colorectal cancer cells. For the first time, we demonstrated that ERG was highly expressed in CRC tissues compared with normal ones by qRT?PCR. The inverse correlation between the expression of miR?145 and ERG was observed in CRC tissues. Dual?Luciferase assays demonstrated the direct interaction between miR?145 and 3'?UTR of ERG mRNA. Ectopic expression of miR?145 suppressed the proliferation and invasion ability of colorectal cancer cells, while ERG knockdown partially restored the tumor suppressive effect of miR?145. These results suggested that miR?145 might act as a tumor suppressor during the process of CRC malignant transformation by interacting with ERG."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-19b inhibits proliferation of gastric cancer cells by targeting B-cell CLL/lymphoma 3. Abstract: Previous studies reported that the aberrant expression of miR-19b in gastric cancer tissues and circulating miR-19b is a potential biomarker to indicate progression of gastric cancer. However, the prognostic significance of miR-19b, and its role and underlying mechanisms in gastric cancer remain poorly investigated. In the present study, we demonstrated that the expression of miR-19b was aberrantly downregulated in both gastric cancer tissues and cell lines. Clinical association analyses disclosed that the reduced expression of miR-19b was significantly associated with adverse clinicopathological characteristics including poor differentiation, large tumor size and advanced tumor-node-metastasis (TNM) stage. Gastric cancer patients with low expression of miR-19b had prominent shorter overall survival and disease-free survival. Gain-of-function studies indicated that miR-19b overexpression inhibited cell proliferation and cell cycle progression in MGC-803 cells. While miR-19b silencing promoted cell proliferation and cell cycle progression in SGC-7901 cells. Furthermore, in vivo experiments showed that miR-19b overexpression suppressed the tumor growth of MGC-803 cells. Notably, miR-19b inversely regulated B-cell CLL/lymphoma 3 (BCL3) abundance in gastric cancer cells. BCL3 was identified as a direct target of miR-19b using luciferase reporter assays. Moreover, BCL3 knockdown abolished the effects of miR-19b knockdown on gastric cancer cells. In conclusion, our data suggest that miR-19b may potentially serve as a novel prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target for gastric cancer."	1
"Title: The diagnostic value and functional roles of phosphoglycerate mutase 1 in glioma. Abstract: Previous studies indicated that phosphoglycerate mutase 1 (PGAM1) is involved in many cancer types and promotes breast cancer progression. However, the role of PGAM1 in glioma remains unclear. The present study aimed to investigate the association of PGAM1 expression with glioma grade and the role of PGAM1 in proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion of glioma cells. The mRNA and protein expression of PGAM1 was analysed in glioma tissues and normal brain tissues. The expression of PGAM1 was examined further by immunohistochemical analysis. In addition, we inhibited the expression of PGAM1 in glioma cell line by siRNA to evaluate its role in glioma proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion. The mRNA and protein expression of PGAM1 was significantly greater in glioma than normal brain tissues. PGAM1 expression was associated with the WHO grade of glioma. siRNA knockdown of PGAM1 significantly inhibited glioma cell proliferation, promoted glioma cell apoptosis, induced S phase cell cycle arrest and inhibited glioma cell migration and invasion in vitro. PGAM1 may be associated with the grade of glioma and be involved in the biological behavior of glioma cells. PGAM1 might be a novel therapeutic target in glioma."	1
"Title: Inhibition of FOXQ1 induces apoptosis and suppresses proliferation in prostate cancer cells by controlling BCL11A/MDM2 expression. Abstract: Forkhead box Q1 (FOXQ1) has been recognized as an oncogene that is overexpressed in different cancers, and several studies have shown that FOXQ1 is related to apoptosis and proliferation in many cancer types. However, the role and the molecular mechanism of FOXQ1 in prostate cancer remains unclear. In this study, we aimed to explore the role of FOXQ1 in regulating cell apoptosis, proliferation and invasion in prostate cancer and the underlying mechanism. We found that FOXQ1 was highly expressed in the prostate cancer tissues and cell lines. In our FOXQ1 loss-of-function experiments, the data indicate that the expression of BCL11A and MDM2 was significantly downregulated, prostate cancer cell proliferation and invasion were markedly suppressed, and apoptosis was significantly induced. Moreover, overexpression of BCL11A obviously reversed the effect of FOXQ1 inhibition on apoptosis, proliferation and invasion of prostate cancer cells. In addition, BCL11A overexpression also abrogated the inhibitory effect of FOXQ1 suppression on MDM2 expression. Taken together, our study suggests that FOXQ1 regulates prostate cancer cell proliferation and apoptosis by regulating BCL11A/MDM2 expression and indicates that FOXQ1 may serve as a potential therapeutic target for prostate cancer."	1
"Title: Depletion of SENP1 suppresses the proliferation and invasion of triple-negative breast cancer cells. Abstract: To investigate the roles of SUMO-specific protease 1 (SENP1) in triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC), we detected the expression level of SENP1 in the clinical samples of TNBC and non?TNBC patients by using immunohistochemical staining, qRT?PCR, and western blotting. We found that SENP1 was highly expressed in the TNBC tissues compared with the normal breast tissues, as well as non?TNBC tissues. Next, we constructed the si?SENP1?transfected TNBC cell lines for further biological function investigation. Then a xenograft model of nude mice was constructed to confirm the roles of SENP1 in TNBC formation and metastasis. According to our results, deficiency of SENP1 significantly represses the proliferation, invasion, migration, and colony formation of TNBC cells through blocking the cell cycle and regulating the expression of cyclin?dependent kinases (CDKs) p21 and p27, as well as MMP9. Furthermore, in vivo experiments revealed that depletion of SENP1 remarkably inhibits the tumor volume, lung metastatis and the expression of p21, p27, MMP9, and Ki67. Taken together, this study elucidated that SENP1 is essential for TNBC cell proliferation and migration in vitro, as well as tumor formation and metastasis in vivo, indicating that SENP1 is a potential therapeutic target for TNBC treatment."	1
"Title: TGF-?1 regulating miR-205/miR-195 expression affects the TGF-? signal pathway by respectively targeting SMAD2/SMAD7. Abstract: Transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?) proteins are important cytokines in the occurrence and development of tumors. However, its neural functions in glioma are still not understood. In the present study, we evaluated the effects of TGF-?1 on glioma cell line U87. miR-205 and miR-195 were involved in TGF-?1 signaling pathway. Quantitative real-time PCR was used to detect miR-205 and miR-195 levels in human glioma tissue samples and U87 cells treated with different concentrations of TGF-?1. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was performed to determine TGF-?1 in the glioma patients peripheral blood. In vitro, U87 cells were transfected with mimics or inhibitors of miR-205 and miR-195. SMAD proteins were assayed by western blotting. Luciferase assay and co-immunoprecipitation (Co-IP)were used to determine the relationships between miR-205 and SMAD2, miR-195 and SMAD7. Effects of miR-205 and miR-195 on glioma cell proliferation and invasion using colony forming and cell migration assays. It was shown that miR-205 was decreased in glioma tissue, but miR-195 and TGF-?1 was increased. In addition, TGF-?1 concentration was negatively correlated with miR-205 mRNA level, but positively correlated with miR-195 mRNA. In addition, miR-205 was downregulated and miR-195 was upregulated by TGF-?1 in a dose-dependent manner. miR-205 and miR-195 targeted and inhibited SMAD2 and SMAD7 expression, respectively, in U87. High expression of miR-205 but not miR-195 reduced SMAD2 and SMAD4 heteromer formation. In addition, it was also shown that miR-205 overexpression inhibited U87 proliferation and invasion efficiently. All the results suggested that miR-205 and miR-195 participated in the TGF-?1 signaling pathway and showed opposite effects in glioma. These findings contribute to the understanding of TGF-?1 function in glioma."	1
"Title: Foxp3 downregulation in NSCLC mediates epithelial-mesenchymal transition via NF-?B signaling. Abstract: Forkhead box P3 (Foxp3) is a member of forkhead box transcription factor family and it was identified as a tumor suppressor in various solid tumors. This study evaluated the expression of Foxp3 in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and investigated its role in epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT) of cancer cells. qRT-PCR and western blot analysis were used for examining the expression of Foxp3 in NSCLC tissues and the non-tumor tissues. A tissue microarray was constructed and scored for evaluating the clinical significance of Foxp3 expression in NSCLC tissues. RNAi was employed for downregulating Foxp3 expression and cell proliferation was done with MTT assay. Transwell with or without basement membrane matrix was used for cell migration and invasion assay respectively. Foxp3 was found downregulated in NSCLC tissues compared with non-tumoral tissues; downregulation of Foxp3 predicted adverse tumor stage and overall survival; silencing of FOXP3 promoted the proliferation, migration and invasion ability of NSCLC cells and influenced the expression level of EMT-associated proteins. However, forced expression of Foxp3 could reverse this effect. Moreover, Foxp3 could interact with LMO2 and affect the expression level of TAL1, which was in accordance with the findings in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. By screening the signalling pathways, we observed an obvious upregulation of phosphorylated NF-?B in A549 and H520 cells after silencing of FOXP3. Our results suggest that Foxp3 suppressed NSCLC cell metastasis, at least partially, via NF-?B signaling."	1
"Title: GFR?2 prompts cell growth and chemoresistance through down-regulating tumor suppressor gene PTEN via Mir-17-5p in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Nerve growth factors and their receptors have received an increasing attention in certain cancers since they play an important role in regulating tumorigenesis, biological process and metastasis. Here we aimed at characterizing a new function of one of the subtypes of growth factor receptors (GFR), GFR?2, in pancreatic cancer. In this study, we showed that GFR?2 was up-regulated in pancreatic adenocarcinoma and was positively correlated with tumor size and perineural invasion, which indicated that it may be associated with cell growth and apoptosis. Mechanically, we discovered that high GFR?2 expression level leads to PTEN inactivation via enhancing Mir-17-5p level."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-145 Inhibits Cell Migration and Invasion and Regulates Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) by Targeting Connective Tissue Growth Factor (CTGF) in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma. Abstract: BACKGROUND This study investigated the mechanism of miR-145 in targeting connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), which affects the proliferation, migration, invasion, and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of ESCC cells. MATERIAL AND METHODS A total of 50 ESCC tissues and their corresponding normal adjacent esophageal tissue samples were collected. Then, miR-145 expression in both ESCC clinical specimens and cell lines was detected using quantitative real-time PCR. CTGF protein was detected using immunohistochemistry. Dual luciferase reporter gene assay was employed to assess the effect of miR-145 on the 3'UTR luciferase activity of CTGF. Eca109 cells were transfected with miR-145 mimics and CTGF siRNA, respectively, and changes in cellular proliferation, migration, and invasion were detected via MTT assay, wound-healing assay, and Transwell assay, respectively. Western blotting assay was used to detect the expression of marker genes related to EMT. RESULTS MiR-145 was significantly down-regulated in ESCC tissues and cell lines compared with normal tissues and cell lines (P<0.05). We found significantly more positively expressed CTGF protein in ESCC tissues was than in normal adjacent esophageal tissues (P<0.01). Dual luciferase reporter gene assay showed that miR-145 can specifically bind with the 3'UTR of CTGF and significantly inhibit the luciferase activity by 55% (P<0.01). Up-regulation of miR-145 or down-regulation of CTGF can suppress the proliferation, migration, invasion, and EMT process of ESCC cells. CONCLUSIONS MiR-145 was significantly down-regulated in ESCC tissues and cell lines, while the protein expression of CTGF exhibited the opposite trend. MiR-145 inhibited the proliferation, migration, invasiveness, and the EMT process of ESCC cells through targeted regulation of CTGF expression."	1
"Title: Identification and functional characterization of lncRNAs acting as ceRNA involved in the malignant progression of glioblastoma multiforme. Abstract: Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is the most common brain malignancy. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are aber-rantly expressed in many cancers and involved in pathogenesis, progression and metastasis of tumors. In particular, lncRNAs can function as competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs). The functional roles of lncRNA associated-ceRNAs in GBM are not fully understood. Human Exon 1.0 Microarray (Affymetrix) and Human MicroRNA Microarray (Agilent) were used to detect the expression of 955 microRNAs (miRNAs), 33,125 lncRNAs, and 17,453 mRNAs in 8 GBM and 8 normal brain samples. The function of differential mRNA was determined by Gene Ontology (GO) and pathway analysis. The distinctly expressed miRNAs, lncRNAs and mRNAs were subjected to construct miRNA-lncRNA-mRNA interaction network. The expression of miRNAs, lncRNAs and mRNAs in GBM tissues vs. normal brain tissues was examined by quantitative real-time RT-PCR. A total of 41 miRNAs, 398 lncRNAs and 1,995 mRNAs were found to be differentially expressed between the GBM and normal brain groups. GO and pathway analyses had proven that the functions of differentially expressed mRNAs in GBM related closely with many processes important in the cancer pathogenesis. Fifty-five lncRNAs acting as ceRNAs were identified based on the miRNA-lncRNA-mRNA interaction network. The potential roles of the 39 ceRNAs were revealed, which participated in 23 diverse cancer biological pathways, including proliferation, cell apoptosis, adhesion, angiogenesis and metastasis. The identified sets of miRNAs, lncRNAs and mRNAs specific to GBM were verified by qRT-PCR experiment in GBM samples. Our study predicts the biological functions of a multitude of lncRNA associated-ceRNAs in GBM. Moreover, our study provides a road map for the identification and analysis of lncRNA acting as ceRNA in tumors."	1
"Title: Differential expression of CCN family members CYR611, CTGF and NOV in gastric cancer and their association with disease progression. Abstract: CCN is an acronym for cysteine-rich protein 61 (CYR61), connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) and nephroblastoma overexpressed (NOV). Aberrations of certain CCN members including CYR61, CTGF, Wnt1-inducible signalling pathway protein (WISP)-1 and -3 have been reported in gastric cancer. The present study aimed to examine the clinical relevance of NOV along with CYR61 and CTGF in gastric cancer by analysing their transcript levels. CYR61, CTGF and NOV transcript expression in 324 gastric cancer samples with paired adjacent normal gastric tissues were determined using real-time quantitative PCR and the results were statistically analysed against patient clinicopathological data using SPSS software. NOV mRNA levels in gastric cancer tissues were significantly elevated when compared with levels in their paired adjacent non-cancerous tissues. Local advanced tumours with invasive expansion (T3 and T4) expressed higher levels of NOV (p=0.013) compared with the less invasive tumours (T1 and T2). CYR61 transcript levels were also significantly increased in gastric cancers compared with levels in the adjacent non-cancerous tissues. Kaplan-Meier survival curves revealed that patients with CYR61-low transcript levels had longer overall survival (OS) (p=0.018) and disease-free survival (DFS) (p=0.015). NOV overexpression promoted the in vitro proliferation of AGS cells while the knockdown resulted in a reduced proliferation of HGC27 cells. A similar effect was observed for the invasion of these two gastric cancer cell lines. NOV expression was increased in gastric cancer which was associated with local invasion and distant metastases. Taken together, the expression of NOV and CYR61 was increased in gastric cancer. The elevated expression of CYR61 was associated with poorer survival. NOV promoted proliferation and invasion of gastric cancer cells. Further investigations may highlight their predictive and therapeutic potential in gastric cancer."	1
"Title: Effect of metastasis suppressor 1 on H1299 cells and its clinical significance in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: The present study aimed to investigate the effect of metastasis suppressor 1 (MTSS1) on the proliferation, migration and invasion of human H1299 non-small cell lung cancer cells and its clinical significance in non?small cell lung cancer. The target gene MTSS1-overexpressing lentivirus (LV-MTSS1) was transfected into H1299 cells and expression of MTSS1 was detected at the mRNA and protein levels. Cell Counting Kit-8, wound healing and Transwell assays revealed that the migration and invasion activities were significantly suppressed by MTSS1, but that it had no effect on cell proliferation. In addition, MTSS1 expression in tissue microarrays including samples from 223 cases of non-small cell lung cancer was tested by immunohistochemistry to explore the correlation between MTSS1 and clinicopathological characteristics and prognosis. MTSS1 suppressed H1299 cell migration and invasion, and its expression level can be used as a new independent factor for determining the prognosis of non-small cell lung cancer."	1
"Title: Let-7g-5p inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition consistent with reduction of glioma stem cell phenotypes by targeting VSIG4 in glioblastoma. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and stem-like glioma cells display hallmark therapeutic resistance. Understanding of the mechanisms underlying these properties will be vital for the development of effective therapies. In this study, we found that VSIG4 protein is upregulated in glioblastoma. Overexpressing VSIG4 induced EMT and significantly promoted invasion and migration in glioblastoma U-87MG cells. Moreover, we showed that its overexpression promoted formation of glioma stem cell phenotypes in U-87MG cells. P4HB, VAMP8 and Connexin 43 (CX43) can promote temozolomide (TMZ) resistance in human glioma cells. We showed that P4HB, VAMP8 and CX43 protein were upregulated by VSIG4 in U-87MG cells, implying its upregulation might be a cause for temozolomide resistance. We found that let-7g-5p can inhibit VSIG4 protein expression, but it cannot degrade VSIG4 mRNA in U-87MG cells. Contrary to VSIG4, we demonstrated that overexpressing let-7g-5p promoted mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET) and significantly inhibited invasion and migration consistent with the reduction of glioblastoma stem cell phenotypes in U-87MG cells. Thus, we concluded that let-7g-5p inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) consistent with reduction of glioma stem cell (GSC) phenotypes by targeting VSIG4 in glioblastoma."	1
"Title: lncRNA-SNHG7 promotes the proliferation, migration and invasion and inhibits apoptosis of lung cancer cells by enhancing the FAIM2 expression. Abstract: There is growing evidence that long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are related to cancer development. In the present study, we found that the expression levels of lncRNA-SNHG7 mRNA and protein obviously increased in lung cancer tissues compared to adjacent non-cancerous tissues. Simultaneously, the expression levels of Fas apoptotic inhibitory molecule 2 (FAIM2) also increased in lung cancer tissues. In addition, lncRNA-SNHG7 was of positive relevance with FAIM2 in human lung cancer tissues. Silence of lncRNA?SNHG7 by siRNA repressed the level of FAIM2 protein and suppressed cell proliferation, migration and invasion and accelerated apoptosis of A594 cells in vitro. Furthermore, silence of FAIM2 by siRNA generated a phenotype similar to silence of lncRNA-SNHG7 by siRNA. Therefore, our research showed that lncRNA-SNHG7 promotes the proliferation, migration and invasion, and inhibits apoptosis of lung cancer cells by enhancing the FAIM2 expression, suggesting that lncRNA-SNHG7 as a key regulator of gene expression, may be a promising therapeutic strategy for the treatment of lung cancer. It may improve the understanding of their biogenesis and function of lung cancer and further provide the theoretical fundamental basis for cancer pathogenesis and treatment."	1
"Title: MiR-455-5p acts as a novel tumor suppressor in gastric cancer by down-regulating RAB18. Abstract: To detect the potential regulation pathway of microRNA-455-5p (miR-455-5p) and RAB18, member RAS oncogene family (RAB18) in gastric cancer (GC) cells and tissues and discuss the clinical significance of miR-455-5p in GC genesis and progression. Methods: Real-time PCR was used to measure mRNA level of miR-455-5p in GC, TargetScan and dual luciferase assay were used to predict and demonstrate the candidate target gene of miR-455-5p, Western blot were utilized to detect the protein level of RAB18. Cell function assays were also performed to determine the function of miR-455-5p in GC. Results: miR-455-5p was reduced significantly in gastric cancer cells and tissues compared with the corresponding normal control, the lower expression of miR-455-5p was related to advanced clinical stage in gastric cancer, re-expression of miR-455-5p could inhibit human GC cell proliferation and invasion, overexpression of miR-455-5p could also promote GC cell apoptosis. Furthermore, we found that RAB18 was a candidate target of miR-455-5p. Re-expression of miR-455-5p could inhibit the protein level of RAB18. Conclusion: MiR-455-5p might serve as a novel biomarker in gastric cancer by targeting RAB18."	1
"Title: The functional status of DNA repair pathways determines the sensitization effect to cisplatin in non-small cell lung cancer cells. Abstract: Cisplatin can cause a variety of DNA crosslink lesions including intra-strand and inter-strand crosslinks (ICLs), which are associated with the sensitivity of cancer cells to cisplatin. Here, we aimed to assess the contribution of the Fanconi anemia (FA), homologous recombination (HR) and nucleotide excision repair (NER) pathways to cisplatin resistance in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC)-derived cells. Methods: The expression of FA, HR and NER pathway-associated genes was assessed by RT-qPCR and Western blotting. siRNAs were used to knock down the expression of these genes. CCK-8 and flow cytometry assays were used to assess the viability and apoptotic rate of NSCLC-derived cells, respectively. Immunofluorescence and alkaline comet assays were used to assess the repair of ICLs. Results: We found that acquired cisplatin-resistant NSCLC-derived A549/DR cells exhibited markedly enhanced FA and HR repair pathway capacities compared to its parental A549 cells and another independent NSCLC-derived cell line, Calu-1, which possesses a moderate innate resistance to cisplatin. siRNA-mediated silencing of the FA-associated genes FANCL and RAD18 and the HR-associated genes BRCA1 and BRCA2 significantly potentiated the sensitivity of A549/DR cells to cisplatin compared to A549 and Calu-1 cells, suggesting that the acquired cisplatin resistance in A549/DR cells may be attributed to enhanced FA and HR pathway capacities responsible for ICL repair. Although we found that expression knockdown of the NER-associated genes XPA and ERCC1 sensitized the three NSCLC-derived cell lines to cisplatin, the sensitization effect was more significant in Calu-1 cells than in A549 and A549/DR cells, implying that the innate cisplatin resistance in Calu-1 cells may result from an increased NER activity. Conclusions: Our results indicate that the functional status of DNA repair pathways determine the sensitivity of NSCLC cells to cisplatin. Direct targeting of the pathway that is involved in cisplatin resistance may be an effective strategy to surmount cisplatin resistance in NSCLC."	1
"Title: MiR-760 overexpression promotes proliferation in ovarian cancer by downregulation of PHLPP2 expression. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most lethal gynecologic malignancies worldwide and with poor prognosis and survival rate in women. Identifying sensitive and specific molecular in carcinogenesis may improve diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for this malignancy and achieve a better clinical outcome. Methods: miR-760 expression in ovarian cancer cell lines and patient tissues were determined using Real-time PCR. 145 human ovarian cancer tissue samples were analyzed by RT-PCR to investigate the association between miR-760expression and the clinicopathological characteristics of ovarian cancer patients. Functional assays, such as MTT, anchorage-independent growth, colony formation and BRDU assay were used to determine the oncogenic role of miR-760 in human ovarian cancer progression. Furthermore, western blotting and luciferase assay were used to determine the mechanism of miR-760 promotes proliferation in ovarian cancer cells. Result: The expression of miR-760 was markedly upregulated in ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues, and high miR-760 expression was associated with an aggressive phenotype and poor prognosis with ovarian cancer patients. Upregulation of miR-760 promoted, whereas downregulation of miR-760 inhibited the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells in vitro. Additionally, we identified PHLPP2 as a direct target of miR-760, and silencing the expression of PHLPP2 is the essential biological function of miR-760 during ovarian cancer cell proliferation. Finally, we showed a significant correlation between miR-760 and PHLPP2 expression in ovarian cancer tissues. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that miR-760 represents a potential onco-miR and participates in ovarian cancer carcinogenesis, which highlight its potential as a target for ovarian cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Downregulation of DNMT3a expression increases miR-182-induced apoptosis of ovarian cancer through caspase-3 and caspase-9-mediated apoptosis and DNA damage response. Abstract: In the present study, DNA (cytosine-5)-methyltransferase 3? (DNMT3a) is explored as an anticancer molecule in ovarian cancer treatment, and also the mechanistic link between DNMT3a and its regulatory signaling pathway in Caov-3 cells is provided. Firstly, DNMT3a protein expression in 12 freshly resected ovarian cancer patient tissues and tisssues from 8 ovariectomized patients was assessed. In the ovarian cancer tissues, DNMT3a expression was upregulated and miR-182 expression was downregulated. DNMT3a overexpression inhibited miR-182 expression and caspase-3 and -9 activity and suppressed p53 and c-Myc protein expression in Caov-3 cells. Secondly, miR-182 overexpression increased Caov-3 cell apoptosis, which however was reduced by DNMT3a (DNMT3 plasmid) overexpression. Downregulation of DNMT3a expression activated miR-182 expression and caspase-3 and -9 activity, and promoted p53 and c-Myc protein expression in Caov-3 cells. Collectively, a valuable anticancer mechanism of ovarian cancer was elucidated, by which downregulation of DNMT3a regulated miR-182 via caspase-3 and -9-mediated apoptosis and DNA damage response, which suggests that DNMT3a may be used as a potential strategy for therapeutic intervention in ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Let?7a suppresses cell proliferation via the TGF??/SMAD signaling pathway in cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the second most commonly diagnosed type of cancer among women after breast cancer. Recent research has addressed the role of microRNAs in cervical cancer. In the present study, we aimed to determine the effect of let?7a on the regulation of the cell proliferation of cervical cancer and the related signaling pathway. Real?time RT?PCR was used to detect the expression of let?7a in the blood of cervical cancer patients and normal controls. The expression of let?7a was also assessed in cervical cancer cell lines: HeLa, SiHa and normal human immortalized keratinocyes HaCaT. Cell proliferation was tested by MTT assay, and cell apoptosis and cell cycle were examined by flow cytometric analysis in HeLa cells. Moreover, bioinformatic analysis, dual?luciferase reporter assay and western blotting were used to confirm the target gene for let?7a. In addition, the expression of TGF??1, SMAD4 and p53 were assessed by western blotting and real?time PCR. Our studies showed that the expression of let?7a in cervical cancer was significantly reduced in cervical cancer patients compared with the expression in the normal control group. Cell proliferation of HeLa cells was inhibited by overexpression of let?7a. The cell cycle analysis showed that an increased population was arrested in the G2 phase in the let?7a mimic group when compared with that in the mimic control and untreated groups. In addition, the cell cycle?related factor p53 was increased in the let?7a overexpression group compared with that in the control and untreated groups. Furthermore, TGFBR1 was confirmed to be a target of let?7a. Moreover, the expression of TGF??1 and SMAD4 proteins was elevated in cervical squamous carcinoma and cervical adenocarcinoma tissues. However, the expression of TGF??1 and SMAD4 was decreased in the let?7a?overexpressing cervical cancer cell lines (HeLa, SiHa and CaSki). Our data suggest that let?7a may play a role in the cell proliferation of cervical cancer by regulating the TGF??/SMAD pathway, and may participate in the regulation of the occurrence and development of cervical cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-124 inhibits cell proliferation and migration by regulating SNAI2 in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) is a type of endogenous non?coding RNA implicated in various cellular processes. Studies have shown that miR-124 is involved in the malignant progression of cancer, but little is known concerning its potential role in breast cancer. Therefore, the purpose of this study was to conduct a functional analysis of miR-124 in breast cancer, and to identify its target genes in this disease. To this end, we used quantitative real-time PCR to examine the expression level of miR-124 in breast cancer tissue specimens and cell lines. To study the functional significance of miR-124, we overexpressed miR-124 with miR-124 mimics and observed breast cancer cell proliferation, colony formation, migration, and invasion abilities by in vitro cell culture experiments. Target prediction algorithms and luciferase reporter gene assays were used to identify the target genes of miR-124. We also knocked down miR-124 targets using short hairpin RNA (shRNA) constructs, and observed associated breast cancer cell characteristics by in vitro cell culture experiments. We found that miR-124 expression significantly decreased in breast cancer tissues and cells compared to normal tissues and cells. In addition, cell proliferation, colony formation, migration, and invasion were decreased after overexpression of miR-124 in breast cancer cells. Furthermore, we used several algorithms to identify the snail family zinc finger 2 (SNAI2) as a potential target gene of miR-124. The protein expression level and luciferase activity of the 3'-untranslated region of SNAI2 were significantly decreased in breast cancer cells transfected with miR-124 mimics. Cell proliferation, colony formation, migration, and invasion were also decreased after knockdown of SNAI2 by shRNA. In conclusion, our data suggest that miR-124 expression is decreased in breast cancer and plays an important role as a tumor suppressor gene by targeting SNAI2. These findings may reveal novel perspectives for clinical treatments against breast cancer."	1
"Title: microRNA-520a-3p inhibits proliferation and cancer stem cell phenotype by targeting HOXD8 in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Formation of cancer stem cells (CSCs) and increased cells proliferation are involved in tumorigenesis, tumour recurrence and therapy resistance and microRNA is essential for the development of the biological traits of CSCs and the increased cells proliferation. Studying molecular mechanism of tumorigenesis, tumour recurrence and therapy resistance of lung cancer will help us to further understand the pathogenesis and progression of the disease and offer new targets for effective therapies. In the present study, we found that miR-520a-3p expression is downregulated in NSCLC (non-small cell lung cancer) and SCLC (small cell lung cancer). miR-520a-3p can inhibit proliferation and cancer stem cell phenotype in NSCLC and SCLC cells. Overexpressing miR-520a-3p can degrade HOXD8 mRNA in NSCLC cells, but its overexpression cannot suppress HOXD8 in SCLC cells. HOXD8 protein is upregulated in NSCLC tissues and its overexpression can promote proliferation, formation of cancer stem cells, migration and invasion in NSCLC cells. MET amplification plays a pivotal role in gefitinib resistance in lung cancer. We found that miR-520a-3p can downregulate MET protein expression and HOXD8 can upregulate MET protein expression. Thus, we concluded that microRNA-520a-3p inhibits proliferation and cancer stem cell phenotype by targeting HOXD8 in NSCLC cells and restoration of microRNA-520a-3p might be a therapeutic strategy to reverse gefitinib resistance."	1
"Title: Proton pump inhibitor pantoprazole inhibits the proliferation, self?renewal and chemoresistance of gastric cancer stem cells via the EMT/??catenin pathways. Abstract: The cancer stem cell (CSC) model suggests that a small subset of cancer cells possess stem cell properties and plays a crucial role in tumor initiation, metastasis and resistance to anticancer therapy. Exploration of the specific therapies targeting at CSCs has been a crucial issue in antitumor research. Gastric cancer (GC) cells often exist in an ischemic microenvironment with acidic conditions in vivo, thus maintenance of cellular pH homeostasis is important for the survival and function of GC cells. Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) may prevent intracellular proton extrusions which consequently reduce cancer cell survival under acidic conditions. The effects of PPIs on the suppression of the viability and invasiveness of GC cells have been reported, but the functional role of pantoprazole (PPZ) in GC cells remains unknown. In this study, we found that when cells were treated with PPZ, the 5?fluorouracil (5?FU) chemosensitivity was upregulated, meanwhile the sphere formation ability and the relative expression levels of stem cell markers CD44, CD24, ABCG2, EpCAM and Lgr5 were significantly decreased. It was hypothesized that PPZ inhibits the GC CSCs. Successively a sphere formation culture was performed to establish CSC models and the effect of PPZ on GC CSCs from SGC-7901 and HGC?27 cells was explored. The addition of PPZ reduced the relative expression of CSC markers and anti?drug markers accompanied by a decrease in proliferation, 5?FU chemoresistance and self?renewal capacity via epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT)/??catenin pathways. The study suggests that PPZ could be a promising novel specific therapeutic strategy for targeting GC CSCs."	1
"Title: miR-100 resensitizes resistant epithelial ovarian cancer to cisplatin. Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is one of the malignant tumors that seriously affects women's health and chemotherapy resistance is an important reason for the poor prognosis. The present study was conducted to investigate whether microRNA-100 (miR-100) can be used to modulate the tolerance to cisplatin in EOC. Expression of miR-100 was compared between ovarian cancer cells tolerant and not tolerant to cisplatin. Mimic and antisense were used to study the roles and related mechanisms of miR-100 in cisplatin sensitivity in EOC. The alternation in the cisplatin sensitivity was investigated using grafted tumors derived from SKOV3/DDP cells with upregulated or downregulated miR-100 expression. miR-100 was lower in cisplatin resistant cell line SKOV3/DDP than in cisplatin sensitive cell line SKOV3. miR-100 might increase cisplatin sensitivity by inhibiting cell proliferation and conversion from G1 to S phase and increasing apoptosis. We showed that mTOR and PLK1 are targets of miR-100 and the cells were resensitized probably due to targeted downregulation of mTOR and PLK1 by miR-100. In vivo study with nude mice showed that tumors derived from miR-100 mimic-transfected cells were more sensitive to cisplatin and had reduced expression of mTOR and PLK1. miR-100 resensitizes resistant epithelial ovarian cancer to cisplatin probably by inhibiting cell proliferation, inducing apoptosis and arresting cell cycle and by targeted downregulation of mTOR and PLK1 expression."	1
"Title: Gambogenic acid induces proteasomal degradation of CIP2A and sensitizes hepatocellular carcinoma to anticancer agents. Abstract: Cancerous inhibitor of protein phosphatase 2A (CIP2A) is an oncoprotein that is overexpressed in many human malignancies. It regulates phosphorylated AKT and stabilizes c?Myc in cell proliferation and tumor formation, suggesting that CIP2A plays an essential role in the development of cancer. In the present study, we report that a natural compound, gambogenic acid (GEA), induced the degradation of CIP2A via the ubiquitin?proteasome pathway. Interestingly, the combination of GEA and proteasome inhibitors potentiated the accumulation of ubiquitinated CIP2A and aggresome formation. In addition, GEA exhibited an inhibitory effect on cell proliferation and CIP2A?downstream signaling molecules (c?Myc and pAKT). Furthermore, GEA and CIP2A silencing enhanced the chemosensitivity of hepatocellular carcinoma cells to anticancer agents, suggesting that a combination of a CIP2A inhibitor and anticancer agents could be a valuable clinical therapeutic strategy. These results indicate that GEA is a CIP2A inhibitor that interferes with the ubiquitination and destabilization of CIP2A, providing a promising strategy to enhance the combinational therapy for hepatocellular carcinoma."	1
"Title: Linc-ROR confers gemcitabine resistance to pancreatic cancer cells via inducing autophagy and modulating the miR-124/PTBP1/PKM2 axis. Abstract: In this study, we investigated the regulation of linc-ROR on autophagy and gemcitabine resistance of pancreatic cancer cells and further studied the underlying involvement of the miR-124/PTBP1/PKM2 axis in this regulation. Methods: Pancreatic cancer cell lines PANC-1 and MIAPaCa-2 cells were used as in vitro model. Autophagy was assessed by western blot of LC3 I/II and observation GFP-LC3 puncta. Cell viability was examined using CCK-8 assay. Cell apoptosis was examined by flow cytometric analysis of Annexin V/PI staining. QRT-PCR, RNA fluorescence in situ hybridization and dual luciferase assay were used to study the expression and the binding between linc-ROR and miR-124. Results: Linc-ROR siRNA significantly sensitized PANC-1 and MIAPaCa-2 cells to gemcitabine, while linc-ROR overexpression significantly reduced the sensitivity. Linc-ROR knockdown reduced basal autophagy, while linc-ROR overexpression markedly increased basal autophagy in the cells. Linc-ROR siRNA showed similar effect as 3-MA on enhancing gemcitabine-induced cell apoptosis and also reduced PKM2 expression. MiR-124 overexpression restored PKM1 and reduced PKM2 levels in the cells. In addition, miR-124 mimics also alleviated autophagy in pancreatic cancer cells. Both miR-124 mimics and PKM2 siRNA enhanced gemcitabine-induced cell apoptosis. In both pancreatic cell lines and PADC tissues, linc-ROR is negatively correlated with miR-124 expression. In addition, dual luciferase assay verified two 8mer binding sites between miR-124 and linc-ROR. Conclusion: Linc-ROR confers gemcitabine resistance to pancreatic cancer cells at least partly via inducing autophagy. There is a linc-ROR/miR-124/PTBP1/PKM2 axis involved in regulation of gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer cells."	1
"Title: Autophagy eliminates ER membrane reorganization induced by Bcl-2 inhibitor in HeLa cells. Abstract: The endoplasmic reticulum (ER) is a membranous network within cells that is important for several cellular functions including translation and folding of secretory and membrane proteins, lipid biogenesis and sequestration of Ca2+. Disruption of ER structure might affect the normal physiology of the cells. In yeast, expansion of the ER is observed under unfolded protein response (UPR) and subsequently induces autophagy initiated from the ER. In this study, we demonstrated a drastic and specific ER membrane reorganization (EMR), characterized by the clustering of the ER membrane into large and compact aggregates and occurring independent of UPR in HeLa cells treated with S1 combined with ABT-737. Subsequently, combined with S1 and ABT-737 triggered autophagy. Herein, we report a key step for removal of damaged and superfluous cellular constituents, by a mechanistic link between ER aggregation and autophagic activation. Our study is the first time to show that autophagy may be a way to remove the ER membrane reorganization induced by Bcl-2 inhibitors ABT-737 and S1 and it may help us to analyze autophagy in certain diseases."	1
"Title: MiR-31 regulates the cisplatin resistance by targeting Src in gallbladder cancer. Abstract: Gallbladder cancer (GBC) is a malignant tumor highly resistant to chemotherapy. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are found extensively involved in modulation of carcinogenesis and chemoresistance. This study aimed to investigate cisplatin (DDP)-susceptibility regulated by expression of the miRNAs and underlying pathways in GBC. Results: The microRNA-31 (miR-31) was selected by microarray due to the biggest fold change between DDP-resistant and parental cells. Ectopic overexpression of miR-31 decreased cell proliferation, viability and invasion capacity, but promoted apoptosis in DDP-resistant cells and in xenograft tumor models. Cell apoptosis and DDP-chemosensitivity was remarkably increased by knockdown of Src proto-oncogene (Src) expression, which was subsequently reversed by rescue of Src expression in miR-31-expressing cells. Methods: The microarray was used to select the candidate miRNA in two DDP-resistant GBC cell lines. The effect of regulated expression of the miRNA on cell migration, invasion, proliferation and apoptosis was examined by wound healing, transwell assays, CCK-8 assays, colony formation and flow cytometry assays, respectively. Xenograft tumor models were used to validate the function of the downstream target. Conclusion: Our results demonstrated that miR-31reduced significantly in GBC cells rendering resistance to cisplatin, and upregulated expression of miR-31 augmented chemosensitivity, presenting a therapeutic potential to overcome drug resistance in GBC."	1
"Title: CASZ1 loss-of-function mutation associated with congenital heart disease. Abstract: As the most common form of birth defect in humans, congenital heart disease (CHD) is associated with substantial morbidity and mortality in both children and adults. Increasing evidence demonstrates that genetic defects play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of CHD. However, CHD is of great heterogeneity, and in an overwhelming majority of cases, the genetic determinants underpinning CHD remain elusive. In the present investigation, the coding exons and flanking introns of the CASZ1 gene, which codes for a zinc finger transcription factor essential for the cardiovascular morphogenesis, were sequenced in 172 unrelated patients with CHD. As a result, a novel heterozygous CASZ1 mutation, p.L38P, was identified in an index patient with congenital ventricular septal defect (VSD). Genetic scanning of the mutation carrier's available family members revealed that the mutation was present in all affected patients but absent in unaffected individuals. Analysis of the proband's pedigree showed that the mutation co-segregated with VSD, which was transmitted as an autosomal dominant trait with complete penetrance. The missense mutation, which altered the amino acid that was highly conserved evolutionarily, was absent in 200 unrelated, ethnically-matched healthy subjects used as controls. Functional deciphers by using a dual-luciferase reporter assay system unveiled that the mutant CASZ1 had significantly reduced transcriptional activity as compared with its wild-type counterpart. To the best of our knowledge, the current study firstly identifies CASZ1 as a new gene predisposing to CHD in humans, which provides novel insight into the molecular mechanisms underlying CHD and a potential therapeutic target for CASZ1-associated CHD, suggesting potential implications for personalized prophylaxis and therapy of CHD."	1
"Title: Role of HIF-1? in the hypoxia inducible expression of the thiamine transporter, SLC19A3. Abstract: Ensuring continuous intracellular supply of thiamine is essential to maintain metabolism. Cellular homeostasis requires the function of the membrane bound thiamine transporters THTR1 and THTR2. In the absence of increased dietary intake of thiamine, varying intracellular levels to meet metabolic demands during pathophysiological stressors, such as hypoxia, requires adaptive regulatory mechanisms to increase thiamine transport capacity. Previous work has established the up-regulation of SLC19A3 (THTR2) gene expression and activity during hypoxic stress through the activity of the hypoxia inducible transcription factor 1 alpha (HIF-1?). However, it is unknown whether HIF-1? acts directly or indirectly to trans-activate expression of SLC19A3. This work utilized the breast cancer cell line BT-474 treated with 1% O2or a hypoxia chemical mimetic deferoxamine to determine the minimal promoter region of SLC19A3 responsible for hypoxia responsiveness. In silico sequence analysis determined two contiguous hypoxia responsive elements in close proximity to the transcriptional start site of the SLC19A3 gene. Using a HIF-1? transcriptional factor ELISA assay, HIF-1? was capable of binding to a dsDNA construct of the SLC19A3 minimal promoter. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assay established that SP1 was bound to the SLC19A3 minimal promoter region under normoxic conditions. However, HIF-1? binding to the minimal promoter region occurred during hypoxic treatments, while no SP1 binding was observed under these conditions. This work demonstrates the direct binding and activation of SLC19A3 expression by HIF-1? during hypoxic stress, suggesting an important adaptive regulatory role for HIF-1? in maintaining thiamine homeostasis."	1
"Title: Activation of Tax protein by c-Jun-N-terminal kinase is not dependent on the presence or absence of the early growth response-1 gene product. Abstract: The Tax protein of human T cell leukemia virus type 1 plays a major role in the pathogenesis of adult T cell leukemia (ATL), an aggressive neoplasia of CD4+ T cells. In the present study, we investigated whether the EGR-1 pathway is involved in the regulation of Tax-induced JNK expression in human Jurkat T cells transfected to express the Tax protein in the presence or absence of PMA or ionomycin. Overexpression of EGR-1 in Jurkat cells transfected to express Tax, promoted the activation of several genes, with the most potent being those that contained AP-1 (Jun/c-Fos), whereas knockdown of endogenous EGR-1 by small interfering RNA (siRNA) somewhat reduced Tax-mediated JNK-1 transcription. Additionally, luciferase-based AP-1 and NF-?B reporter gene assays demonstrated that inhibition of EGR-1 expression by an siRNA did not affect the transcriptional activity of a consensus sequence of either AP-1 or NF-?B. On the other hand, the apoptosis assay, using all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) as an inducer of apoptosis, confirmed that siRNA against EGR-1 failed to suppress ATRA-induced apoptosis in Jurkat and Jurkat-Tax cells, as noted by the low levels of both DEVDase activity and DNA fragmentation, indicating that the induction of apoptosis by ATRA was Egr-1-independent. Finally, our data showed that activation of Tax by JNK-1 was not dependent on the EGR-1 cascade of events, suggesting that EGR-1 is important but not a determinant for the activity for Tax-induced proliferation of Jurkat cells."	1
"Title: MiR-340 suppresses cell migration and invasion by targeting MYO10 in breast cancer. Abstract: Breast cancer is one of the most common malignant tumors among females, and can seriously affect the physical and mental health and even threaten the lives of women. Recently, research has demonstrated that microRNAs (miRNAs), as a new method of regulation, have been shown to have oncogenic and tumor?suppressive functions in human breast cancer. Detection of their expression may lead to the identification of novel markers for breast cancer. In the present study, we firstly detected miR?340 expression and found lower expression of miR?340 in 6 human breast cancer cell lines by using RT?qPCR. Then by using wound healing assay and Transwell migration and invasion experiments, we focused on the role of miR-340 in the regulation of tumor cell migration and invasion, exploring the relationship between them. The results revealed that induction of miR?340 expression was able to suppress tumor cell migration and invasion, whereas knockdown of miR?340 expression promoted breast cancer cell migration and invasion. At the gene level, MYO10 (myosin X), as a direct miR?340 target gene, mediated the cell migration and invasion. Finally, we verified our research further at the tissue specimen level and in animal experiments. In brief, miR?340 plays an important role in breast cancer progression. Thus, miR?340 may be further explored as a novel biomarker for breast cancer metastasis and prognosis, and potentially a therapeutic target."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-663 inhibits the proliferation, migration and invasion of glioblastoma cells via targeting TGF-?1. Abstract: Cell migration and invasion are key processes involved during tumor metastasis. Recently, microRNAs (miRs) have been demonstrated to play important roles in the regulation of cancer metastasis. However, the underlying mechanisms remain unknown. Here, we aimed to investigate the exact role of miR-663 in the metastasis of glioblastoma as well as the underlying mechanisms. By performing quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis, we demonstrated that miR-663 was significantly downregulated in glioblastoma tissues (n=25), when compared to that in normal brain tissues (n=15). In addition, its expression levels were also reduced in human glioblastoma cell lines, A172 and U87. Furthermore, restoration of miR-663 expression led to a significant decrease in the cell proliferation, migration and invasion of human glioblastoma A172 and U87 cells. We further identified TGF-?1 as a direct target of miR-663, and found that the expression of TGF-?1 was negatively mediated by miR-663 at the post-transcriptional level in glioblastoma cells. Moreover, overexpression of TGF-?1 significantly reversed the inhibitory effects of miR-663 upregulation on the proliferation, migration and invasion in A172 and U87 cells. In addition, our data suggest that MMP2 and E-cadherin, a key factor in epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), are involved in the miR-633/TGF-?1-mediated metastasis of glioblastoma. In summary, miR-663 plays an inhibitory role in the regulation of proliferation, migration and invasion of glioblastoma cells, partly at least, via direct mediation of TGF-?1 as well as downstream MMP2 and E-cadherin. Therefore, we suggest that miR-663 is a potential candidate for the prevention of glioblastoma metastasis."	1
"Title: CX3CL1 increases invasiveness and metastasis by promoting epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition through the TACE/TGF-?/EGFR pathway in hypoxic androgen-independent prostate cancer cells. Abstract: Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) endows cancer cells with enhanced invasive and metastatic potential during cancer progression. Fractalkine, also known as chemokine (C-X3-C motif) ligand 1 (CX3CL1), the only member recognized so far that belongs to the CX3C chemokine subfamily, was reported to participate in the molecular events that regulate cell adhesion, migration and survival of human prostate cancer cells. However, the relationship between CX3CL1 and EMT remains unknown. We treated DU145 and PC-3 cells with CX3CL1 under hypoxic conditions. The migration and invasion abilities of DU145 and PC-3 cells were detected by Transwell assays. Induction of EMT was verified by morphological changes in the DU145 and PC-3 cells and analysis of protein expression of EMT markers such as E-cadherin and vimentin. To identify the involved signaling pathway in CX3CL1-induced EMT, activation of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was measured using western blot analysis, and Slug expression was detected with or without an EGFR inhibitor prior to CX3CL1 treatment. Concentrations of soluble and total TGF-? in the CX3CL?treated DU145 cells were detected by ELISA. Additionally, we determined the involvement of the TACE/TGF-?/EGFR pathway in CX3CL1?induced EMT using RNA interference and specific inhibitors. CX3CL1 increased the migration and invasiveness of the DU145 and PC-3 cells, and resulted in characteristic alterations of EMT. Our results demonstrated that TACE/TGF-?/EGFR pathway activation and subsequent upregulation of Slug expression were responsible for CX3CL1?induced EMT, and contributed to the migration and inva-sion of prostate cancer cells. Inhibition of TACE/TGF-?/EGFR signaling reversed EMT and led to reduced migration and invasion abilities of the prostate cancer cells. We provide initial evidence that CX3CL1 exposure resulted in EMT occurrence and enhancement of cell migration and invasion through a mechanism involving activation of TACE/TGF-?/EGFR signaling. These findings revealed that CX3CL1 may serve as a new target for the treatment of prostate cancer."	1
"Title: MiR-125a regulates chemo-sensitivity to gemcitabine in human pancreatic cancer cells through targeting A20. Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most deadly human malignant diseases and the sixth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in China. Gemcitabine is the only first-line chemotherapeutic agent used for the palliative treatment of patients with PDAC, but chemo-resistance limits their efficacy. Here, we showed that miR-125a was up-regulated in chemo-resistant SW1990GZ cells when compared with SW1990 cells. Over-expression of miR-125a increased the chemo-resistance to gemcitabine in SW1990 cells, while down-regulation of miR-125a in SW1990GZ cells increased chemo-sensitivity to gemcitabine. By using bioinformatics analysis tool (Targetscan), the 3' untranslated region (3'UTR) of A20 gene was found to be a target of miR-125a. Luciferase reporter assay further confirmed that A20 3'UTR is a direct target of miR-125a. Over-expression of A20 in SW1990 cells increased chemo-sensitivity to gemcitabine, while knockdown of A20 in SW1990 cells promoted the chemo-resistance to gemcitabine. Finally, the expression level of miR-125a in pancreatic cancer tissues from chemo-sensitive patients was significantly lower than that from chemo-resistant patients, and was inversely correlated with the A20 mRNA levels. In conclusion, our results suggest that miR-125a promotes chemo-resistance to gemcitabine in pancreatic cells through targeting A20, which may provide novel therapeutic targets or molecular biomarkers for cancer therapy and improve tumor diagnosis or predictions of therapeutic responses."	1
"Title: Tectonic 1 Is a Key Regulator of Cell Proliferation in Pancreatic Cancer. Abstract: Pancreatic cancer is notoriously becoming one of the most devastating human cancers leading to death. However, clinical challenges still remain in diagnosis and treatment of this ticklish cancer. In the present study, the authors identified a new gene, Tectonic 1 (TCTN1), as a key regulator of cell proliferation in pancreatic cancer. Lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) was employed to knock down endogenous TCTN1 expression in PANC-1 pancreatic cancer cells. Knockdown of TCTN1 expression potently inhibited cell viability and proliferation, as determined by MTT and colony formation assays. Western blotting analysis also showed that knockdown of TCTN1 suppressed the expression of cdc2, while it induced that of p21 and p27. Flow cytometry analysis showed that depletion of TCTN1 in PANC-1 cells led to cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase as well as apoptosis. Besides, depletion of TCTN1 led to the increase of Bax and cleavage of PARP-1, but the decrease of bcl2 by western blotting. The data indicate that TCTN1 is indispensable for pancreatic cancer cell proliferation, which provides a novel alternative to targeted therapy of pancreatic cancer and deserves further investigation."	1
"Title: JQ1, an inhibitor of the epigenetic reader BRD4, suppresses the bidirectional MYC-AP4 axis via multiple mechanisms. Abstract: Bromodomain and extra-terminal domain (BET) family proteins are representative epigenetic modulators that read acetylated lysine residues and transfer cellular signals. Recently, the BET protein inhibitor JQ1 was developed and has been extensively studied in many cancer cell types. We demonstrated that JQ1 effectively suppressed the MYC-AP4 axis and induced antitumorigenic effects by targeting a bidirectional positive loop between MYC and AP4 which was first proposed in the present study. MYC and AP4 are the direct targets of BRD4, as demonstrated by chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assay and BRD4 loss-of-function experiments. Although inhibition of the MYC/MAC dimer suppressed AP4, the efficacy of suppression was not as effective as BRD4 inhibition. Notably, AP4 loss-of-function studies demonstrated that AP4 is a major critical target of JQ1 and that MYC is a novel downstream target of AP4, as demonstrated by AP4 binding to the MYC promoter. Taken together, our results suggest that the epigenetic reader BRD4 is a key mediator of the activated MYC-AP4 axis, which supports the possibility that targeting BET protein is a novel therapeutic strategy for MYC-AP4 axis-activated cancers."	1
"Title: IGFBP7 functions as a potential lymphangiogenesis inducer in non-small cell lung carcinoma. Abstract: Lymphangiogenesis is not only involved in the processes of embryonic development, tissue repair and chronic inflammation, but also in tumor lymphatic metastasis. Metastatic tumor cells spreading through lymphatic vessels occur in non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC), with regional lymph node metastasis often being the most important prognostic factor for carcinoma patients. Recent research has identified a range of lymphangiogenic growth factors that could conceivably play a great role in promoting tumor lymphangiogenesis and lymphatic metastasis. The most extensively accepted signaling pathways promoting lymphangiogenesis in tumors include the secreted lymphangiogenic proteins: vascular endothelial growth factor-C (VEGF-C) and VEGF-D, and their cognate receptor on lymphatic endothelium VEGF receptor-3 (VEGFR-3). Targeting VEGF pathway strategy sometimes failed to decrease tumor metastasis in vivo experiments and clinical trials. It is unclear whether the tumor cells induced the lymphangiogenesis process, while VEGF pathway could not completely illustrate the mechanism of tumor cell lymphatic metastasis. To explore the novel tumor lymphangiogenesis targets, we screened 181 candidate genes between high lymphatic vascular density (LVD) and low LVD in lung adenocarcinomas using Human Genome U133 Plus 2.0 Microarray. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 7 (IGFBP7) was proven to be associated with metastatic clinicopathological features and high LVD. Furthermore, by assessing the capability of lymphatic endothelial cell forming lymphatic vessel-like structures in vitro, it appears to enhance lymphangiogenesis."	1
"Title: Resveratrol inhibits hypoxia-driven ROS-induced invasive and migratory ability of pancreatic cancer cells via suppression of the Hedgehog signaling pathway. Abstract: A hypoxic microenvironment is commonly found in the central region of solid tumors, including pancreatic cancer. Our previous study revealed that resveratrol plays an important role in suppressing the proliferation and EMT of pancreatic cancer cells. However, whether resveratrol could suppress hypoxia-induced cancer progression and the underlying mechanisms have not been fully elucidated. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether resveratrol affects hypoxia-induced reactive oxygen species (ROS) production and the activation of the Hedgehog (Hh) signaling pathway as well as the invasion of pancreatic cancer. The human pancreatic cancer cell lines, BxPC-3 and Panc-1, were subjected to a hypoxic condition and three different concentrations of resveratrol. The intracellular ROS were determined using 2,7-dichlorodihydrofluorecein diacetate. Wound healing and Transwell invasion assays were used to detect the migratory and invasive potential of the cancer cells. Metastatic-related and Hh signaling-related factors were detected by qRT-PCR and western blot analysis. Immunofluorescence staining was used to test the nuclear translocation of GLI1. The results showed that the hypoxia-induced production of ROS was decreased by resveratrol in a concentration-dependent manner. Resveratrol significantly inhibited the hypoxia-stimulated invasion and migration of pancreatic cancer cells. Resveratrol inhibited hypoxia-induced HIF-1? protein expression. Resveratrol also suppressed hypoxia?induced expression of metastatic-related factors, uPA and MMP2. In addition, resveratrol markedly inhibited hypoxia-mediated activation of the Hh signaling pathway. Furthermore, the antioxidant N-acetylcysteine (NAC) significantly suppressed the invasive and migratory ability of pancreatic cancer cells during hypoxia. Taken together, these data indicate that resveratrol plays an important role in suppressing hypoxia-driven ROS-induced pancreatic cancer progression by inhibiting the Hh signaling pathway, providing evidence that resveratrol may be a potential candidate for the chemoprevention of cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-124-3p inhibits the growth and metastasis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells by targeting STAT3. Abstract: The present study investigated the effects of microRNA-124-3p (miR-124-3p) expression on nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) cells and its relevant mechanism. A total of 90 NPC tissues and 85 postnasal catarrh tissues were collected. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to detect tissue samples and expression of miR-124-3p in CNE1, CNE2, SUNE1, H0NE1, 5-8F, 6-10B and C666-1 NPC cell line and immortalized nasopharyngeal epithelial cells line (NP69). Overexpressed miRNA-124-3p in CNE-2 was downregulated, and low-expressed miRNA?124-3p in C666-1 was upregulated by liposome-mediated transfection. Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), flow cytometry, the scratch test, Transwell migration assay and Boyden chamber assays were used to detect cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion. The target gene of miRNA-124-3 calculated by bioinformatics was further determined using dual-luciferase system. Protein levels of the signal transducers and activators of transcription 3 (STAT3), phospho-STAT3 (p-STAT3), mouse anti-human cyclin D2 (CCND2) and matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) were tested by western blotting. miRNA-124-3p expression in NPC was markedly downregulated compared to postnasal catarrh tissues (P<0.001); miRNA-124-3p expression showed close linkage with clinical stages, regional lymph node involvement and T stages (all P<0.001). miRNA-124-3p expression was lower in the 7 NPC cell lines than NP69 cells (all P<0.05). After upregulation of miR-124-3p, proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion of C666-1 cells were suppressed; while after downregulation of miR-124-3p, CNE2 cells were increased (all P<0.05). Expression of STAT3, p-STAT3, CCND2 and MMP-2 in C666-1 cells was decreased after transfection with miRNA-124-3p, and the above protein expression in CNE-2 cells was increased after inhibition of miRNA-124-3p (all P<0.05). To sum up, this study shows that miR-124-3p may negatively regulate the transcription of the STAT3 by interfering with its 3'UTR, and the degradation of STAT3 affects its downstream expression of such as p-STAT3, CCND2 and MMP-2, thereby promoting NPC cells apoptosis and inhibiting proliferation, migration and invasion of NPC cells."	1
"Title: PPM1D exerts its oncogenic properties in human pancreatic cancer through multiple mechanisms. Abstract: Protein phosphatase, Mg(2+)/Mn(2+) dependent, 1D (PPM1D) is emerging as an oncogene by virtue of its negative control on several tumor suppressor pathways. However, the clinical significance of PPM1D in pancreatic cancer (PC) has not been defined. In this study, we determined PPM1D expression in human PC tissues and cell lines and their irrespective noncancerous controls. We subsequently investigated the functional role of PPM1D in the migration, invasion, and apoptosis of MIA PaCa-2 and PANC-1 PC cells in vitro and explored the signaling pathways involved. Furthermore, we examined the role of PPM1D in PC tumorigenesis in vivo. Our results showed that PPM1D is overexpressed in human PC tissues and cell lines and significantly correlated with tumor growth and metastasis. PPM1D promotes PC cell migration and invasion via potentiation of the Wnt/?-catenin pathway through downregulation of apoptosis-stimulating of p53 protein 2 (ASPP2). In contrast to PPM1D, our results showed that ASPP2 is downregulated in PC tissues. Additionally, PPM1D suppresses PC cell apoptosis via inhibition of the p38 MAPK/p53 pathway through both dephosphorylation of p38 MAPK and downregulation of ASPP2. Furthermore, PPM1D promotes PC tumor growth in vivo. Our results demonstrated that PPM1D is an oncogene in PC."	1
"Title: Downregulation of microRNA-206 suppresses clear cell renal carcinoma proliferation and invasion by targeting vascular endothelial growth factor A. Abstract: MicroRNA-206 (miR-206) has been discovered to have anticancer properties in different tissues. However, the role of miR-206 on renal carcinoma is still ambiguous. In the present study, we investigated the role of miR-206 on the development of renal carcinoma. The results indicated that miR-206 was significantly downregulated in 69 clear cell renal carcinoma (ccRCC) tissues and low-level of miR-206 related to shorter metastasis-free survival time for patients with ccRCC. The results indicated that vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) was a direct target of miR-206 in renal cancer cells. Further studies revealed that upregulation of miR-206 inhibited renal cancer cell proliferation, invasion and migration, suggesting that miR-206 functioned as a tumor suppressor. RNA interference targeting VEGFA mRNA could mimic the upregulation of miR-206 functions, and also suppressed tumor formation in vivo in nude mice. These results suggest that miR-206 plays an important role in ccRCC tumorigenesis by targeting VEGFA."	1
"Title: miR-203 promotes proliferation, migration and invasion by degrading SIK1 in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDA) is among the most lethal human cancers and it is insensitive to many chemotherapeutic drugs. The molecular basis of pancreatic cancer remains to be elucidated. Investigations into the molecular mechanism involved in the development and progression as well as drug resistance of the disease may be useful to understand the pathogenesis and progression of the disease and offer new targets for effective therapies. In the present study, we showed that salt-inducible kinase 1 (SIK1) was downregulated and loss of SIK1 was associated with gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic cancer. In pancreatic cancer cells, SIK1 inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion. An analysis of potential microRNA target sites was performed using the prediction algorithms, miRanda, TargetScan and PicTar. The three algorithms predicted that miR-203 is capable of targeting 3'UTR of SIK1. Subsequent experiments confirmed the prediction. In addition, the results showed that miR-203 promotes proliferation, migration and invasion in pancreatic cancer cells, whereas the restoration of SIK1 abrogated the regulation of pre-miR?203-mediated proliferation, migration and invasion."	1
"Title: Myosin VI contributes to malignant proliferation of human glioma cells. Abstract: Previously characterized as a backward motor, myosin VI (MYO6), which belongs to myosin family, moves toward the minus end of the actin track, a direction opposite to all other known myosin members. Recent researches have illuminated the role of MYO6 in human cancers, particularly in prostate cancer. However, the role of MYO6 in glioma has not yet been determined. In this study, to explore the role of MYO6 in human glioma, lentivirus-delivered short hairpin RNA (shRNA) targeting MYO6 was designed to stably down-regulate its endogenous expression in glioblastoma cells U251. Knockdown of MYO6 signifi cantly inhibited viability and proliferation of U251 cells in vitro. Moreover, the cell cycle of U251 cells was arrested at G0/G1 phase with the absence of MYO6, which could contribute to the suppression of cell proliferation. In conclusion, we firstly identified the crucial involvement of MYO6 in human glioma. The inhibition of MYO6 by shRNA might be a potential therapeutic method in human glioma."	1
"Title: TIPE2, a negative regulator of TLR signaling, regulates p27 through IRF4-induced signaling. Abstract: Targeted inhibition of specific toll-like receptor (TLR) pathways may provide an effective strategy to prevent the development of selected gastric malignancies. Tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-?-induced protein 8-like-2 (TIPE2) was identified as a novel negative regulator of TLR signaling. Our previous study identified TIPE2 as an inhibitor of gastric cancer cell growth; it promotes p27 expression, which leads to restored control of the cell cycle and cell division. However, the molecular mechanism by which TIPE2 regulates p27 remains unclear. In the present study, we examined the expression patterns of TIPE2 in serial clinical gastritis tissues as well as gastric cancer, and found a negative correlation between TIPE2 expression and progression of gastritis to gastric cancer. This negative correlation verified the role of TIPE2 in preventing the occurrence and development of gastric cancer, suggesting that TIPE2 may be a potential biomarker for gastric cancer progression. To determine the mechanism employed by TIPE2 in gastric cell carcinogenesis, a TIPE2-expressing plasmid was introduced into gastric cell lines, and microarray and western blot analysis revealed that TIPE2 selectively upregulates the expression of interferon regulatory factor 4 (IRF4). Variations in IRF4 expression were additionally verified in knockout mice. Next, the effect of IRF4 on p27 expression was tested by an IRF4 siRNA interference assay. Finally, we explored the signaling pathways used by TIPE2 to regulate IRF4. An experiment using pathway inhibitors and a nuclear factor ?-light-chain enhancer of activated B cells (NF-?B) luciferase reporter assay showed that NF-?B plays a crucial role in regulating IRF4 expression. Our data provide evidence that TIPE2, a potential biomarker for gastric cancer progression, stimulates an IRF4-associated signaling cascade that promotes p27 expression and controls cell growth. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate that IRF4 acts as an inhibitor of epithelial cell proliferation and mediates the expression of TIPE2, a negative regulator of TLR signaling, to control cell growth."	1
"Title: SMC1 promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition in triple-negative breast cancer through upregulating Brachyury. Abstract: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is a special subtype of breast cancer, which is characterized by the negative form of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and human epithelial growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). TNBC accounts for ~15% of all breast cancer forms, and often leads to high mortality and poor prognosis. Structural maintenance of chromosome 1 (SMC1) is a subunit of the cohesion protein complex. Brachyury is a protein that is encoded by the T gene in humans, which is a transcription factor within the T-box complex of genes. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a ubiquitous process in the body, and in particular, induces metastasis and the proliferation of cancer cells. In the present study, we found that SMC1 expression in TNBC tissues exceeded its expression in adjacent non-tumor tissues. Similarly, the expression of SMC1 in TNBC cell lines (hs578T and HCC1937) was found to be higher than in MCF10a and MCF7 cells. Subsequently, SMC1 was overexpressed and silenced in hs578T and HCC1937 cells through plasmid and siRNA transfection, respectively. The results showed that the high expression of SMC1 often promoted EMT, accompanied by the enhanced expression of Brachyury. Besides, upregulated expression of Brachyury through plasmid transfection also significantly improved the level of EMT, which further indicated that SMC1 increased EMT in TNBC through the induction of Brachyury expression. Taken together, these results contributed to a better understanding of the pathogenesis of TNBC, which also provided an experimental basis for the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of TNBC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-199a-5p inhibits VEGF-induced tumorigenesis through targeting oxidored-nitro domain-containing protein 1 in human HepG2 cells. Abstract: VEGF induces deterioration of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) by enhancing cell proliferation and migration. MicroRNAs regulate many cellular processes. In this study, we examined the regulation of tumorigenesis in HCC cells by microRNAs in relation to the effect of VEGF. Differences in microRNA expression between HepG2 and THLE-3 cells were characterized by microarray analysis. The results showed that miR-199a-5p expression was markedly downregulated in HepG2 cells and was inhibited in VEGF-overexpressing HepG2 cells in a dose- and time-dependent manner. This miRNA also inhibited cell proliferation and migration, as demonstrated by MTT and cell migration assays. Oxidored-nitro domain-containing protein 1 (NOR1), a nitroreductase, was identified as a downstream target gene of miR-199a-5p, and upregulation of NOR1 proved critical for the inhibition of VEGF-induced cell proliferation and migration in HepG2 cells by miR-199a-5p. These results indicate that miR-199a-5p is critical for regulating cell proliferation and migration by targeting and upregulating NOR1 in human HepG2 cells."	1
"Title: RNA-binding motif protein 5 inhibits the proliferation of cigarette smoke-transformed BEAS-2B cells through cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Abstract: Cigarette smoking has been shown to be the most significant risk factor for lung cancer. Recent studies have also indicated that RNA-binding motif protein 5 (RBM5) can modulate apoptosis and suppress tumor growth. The present study focused on the role of RBM5 in the regulation of cigarette smoke extract (CSE)-induced transformation of bronchial epithelial cells into the cancerous phenotype and its mechanism of action. Herein, we exposed normal BEAS-2B cells for 8 days to varying concentrations of CSE or dimethylsulfoxide (DMSO), followed by a recovery period of 2 weeks. Next, the RBM5 protein was overexpressed in these transformed BEAS-2B cells though lentiviral infection. Later, the morphological changes, cell proliferation, cell cycle, apoptosis, invasion and migration were assessed. In addition, we analyzed the role of RBM5 in xenograft growth. The expression of RBM5 along with the genes related to cell cycle regulation, apoptosis and invasion were also examined. Finally, our results revealed that BEAS-2B cells exposed to 100 µg/ml CSE acquired phenotypic changes and formed tumors in nude mice, indicative of their cancerous transformation and had reduced RBM5 expression. Subsequent overexpression of RBM5 in these cells significantly inhibited their proliferation, induced G1/S arrest, triggered apoptosis and inhibited their invasion and migration, including xenograft growth. Thus, we established an in vitro model of CSE-induced cancerous transformation and concluded that RBM5 overexpression inhibited the growth of these transformed cells through cell cycle arrest and induction of apoptosis. Therefore, our study suggests the importance of RBM5 in the pathogenesis of smoking-related cancer."	1
"Title: Silencing NACK by siRNA inhibits tumorigenesis in non-small cell lung cancer via targeting Notch1 signaling pathway. Abstract: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung tumor with poor prognosis, in which the Notch signaling pathway plays an important role. Notch activation complex kinase (NACK) has been reported both as a co-activator and a target gene of the Notch pathway. However, the molecular mechanism of NACK in NSCLC still remains unknown. In this study, the expression of NACK was analyzed in 35 paired NSCLC tumor samples and 2 NSCLC cell lines. MTT assay, cell migration assay, cell invasion assay, flow cytometry assay, and xenograft model were employed to detect the effect of NACK knockdown on the cell proliferation, metastasis, invasion and apoptosis of NSCLC. The relationship between NACK and Notch1 signaling pathway in NSCLC cells was assessed by western blot and luciferase reporter assay. We found that the expression of NACK in the NSCLC tissues and lung cancer cells were significantly increased. High level of NACK expression is remarkable associated with tumor differentiation, lymphatic metastasis, clinical stage and poor survival prognosis. The interference of NACK significantly inhibited cell proliferation, invasion and metastasis through inducing apoptosis in NSCLC cells. The transcriptional activity of related Notch1 target genes were significantly suppressed resulting from NACK knockdown. This study demonstrates that interference of NACK inhibits NSCLC progression through Notch1 signaling pathway and targeting NACK may be an effective approach for NSCLC therapy."	1
"Title: Knockdown of MACC1 expression increases cisplatin sensitivity in cisplatin-resistant epithelial ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Abnormal expression of metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 (MACC1) was found to be closely associated with several types of malignant tumors. The present study aimed to verify the relationship between MACC1 and cisplatin resistance in ovarian cancer cells and the possible mechanisms, which was implemented by inhibition of the expression of MACC1 in cisplatin-resistant human ovarian cancer cell lines A2780/DDP and COC1/DDP. MACC1 shRNA eukaryotic plasmids and negative control plasmids were transfected into A2780/DDP and COC1/DDP cells, respectively, while A2780/DDP and COC1/DDP cells were used as blank controls. Western blotting and sqRT-PCR were used to detect the expression of MACC1 in the different cell groups. Different concentrations of cispaltin (0, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50 and 60 µmol/l) were used to treat the cell groups, respectively, and then the chemosensitivity of cisplatin and cell apoptosis were examined by MTT and flow cytometry, respectively. The activity of caspase-3 was determined by spectrophotometry. Expression levels of p-ERK1/2, permeability glycoprotein (P-gp), B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2), Bcl-XL, Bax and Bad protein were detected in the different ovarian cancer cells by western blotting. After MACC1 knockdown, the chemosensitivity of cisplatin in the ovarian cancer cells was enhanced, and the cell growth inhibition and apoptosis rates were increased. The expression levels of Bax and Bad were upregulated, the activity of caspase-3 was increased, while the expression levels of p-ERK1/2, P-gp, Bcl-2 and Bcl-XL were downregulated as a result of MACC1 inhibition. These results indicate that inhibition of MACC1 improves the chemosensitivity of cisplatin in epithelial ovarian cancer cells, through the regulation of the ERK1/2 signaling pathway on P-gp and its downstream apoptosis proteins."	1
"Title: Oncogenic cAMP responsive element binding protein 1 is overexpressed upon loss of tumor suppressive miR-10b-5p and miR-363-3p in renal cancer. Abstract: Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is the most common kidney cancer in adults and has a poor prognosis. cAMP responsive element binding protein 1 (CREB1) is a proto?oncogenic transcription factor involved in malignancies of various organs. However, its functional role(s) have not yet been elucidated in RCC. We investigated the expression pattern, function and regulation of CREB1 in RCC. CREB1 was overexpressed in the RCC tissues and cell lines. Downregulation of CREB1 inhibited RCC tumorigenesis by affecting cell proliferation, migration and apoptosis. Multiple computational algorithms predicted that the 3'?untranslated region (3'?UTR) of human CREB1 mRNA is a target for miR?10b?5p and miR?363?3p. Luciferase reporter assay, qPCR and western blot analysis confirmed that miR?10b?5p and miR?363?3p bind directly to the 3'?UTR of CREB1 mRNA and inhibit mRNA and protein expression of CREB1. qPCR data also revealed a significantly lower expression of miR?10b?5p and miR?363?3p in RCC tissues. Introduction of miR?10b?5p and miR?363?3p mimics led to suppressed expression of CREB1 and inhibited cell proliferation, migration and apoptosis reduction. Taken together, we propose that CREB1 is an oncogene in RCC and that upregulation of CREB1 by loss of tumor suppressive miR?10b?5p and miR?363?3p plays an important role in the tumorigenesis of RCC."	1
"Title: Effects of BP-14, a novel cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, on anaplastic thyroid cancer cells. Abstract: Anaplastic thyroid carcinoma (ATC) is an extremely aggressive human malignancy characterized by a marked degree of invasiveness, absense of features of thyroid differentiation and resistance to current medical treatment. It is well known that ATCs are characterized by deregulation of genes related to cell cycle regulation, i.e., cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs) and endogenous cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors (CDKIs). Therefore, in the present study, the effect of a novel exogenous cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor, BP-14, was investigated in three human ATC cell lines. The ATC-derived cell lines FRO, SW1736 and 8505C were treated with BP-14 alone or in combination with the mTOR inhibitor everolimus. In all ATC cell lines, treatment with BP-14 decreased cell viability and, in two of them, BP-14 modified expression of genes involved in epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Thus, our data indicate that BP-14 is a potential new compound effective against ATC. Combined treatment with BP-14 and the mTOR inhibitor everolimus had a strong synergistic effect on cell viability in all three cell lines, suggesting that the combined used of CDK and mTOR inhibitors may be a useful strategy for ATC treatment."	1
"Title: Mda-7/IL-24 enhances sensitivity of B cell lymphoma to chemotherapy drugs. Abstract: Interleukin-24 (IL-24) is a cytokine encoded by a tumor suppressor gene of the IL-10 family, also known as the melanoma differentiation associated gene-7 (Mda-7) and first discovered in human melanoma cells. Mda-7/IL-24 has been shown to inhibit the proliferation of various human tumor cell lines, but its effect on the sensitivity of B cell lymphoma to chemotherapy agents is not yet clear. The present study investigated the effects of Mda-7/IL-24 overexpression on the sensitivity of human B cell lymphoma cells to chemotherapy, as well as its mechanism of action. The sensitivity of stable Mda-7/IL-24 overexpressing Raji and Daudi cells to cis-diamminedichloroplatinum (CDDP), epirubicin and vinblastine (VCR) were assessed by the MTS method, and the IC50 value calculated. Cell apoptosis and the intracellular accumulation of Rhodamine-123 were assayed by flow cytometry. The expression of multidrug resistance gene 1 (MDR1), B-cell-specific Moloney murine leukemia virus insertion site 1 (BMI1), topoisomerase II (Topo II) and multidrug resistance-related protein 1 (MRP1) mRNA and protein were analyzed by reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and western blotting, respectively. In addition, western blot analysis was also used to investigate the effect of Mda-7/IL-24 on activity of GTP-RhoA-ERK signaling pathway in Raji and Daudi cells. Growth inhibition and apoptosis rates of Mda-7/IL-24 overexpressing Raji and Daudi cells were higher than those of non-transfected cells and cells transfected with vector alone when treated with CDDP, epirubicin and VCR. The IC50 values of CDDP, epirubicin and VCR were lower for Mda-7/IL-24-overexpressing Raji and Daudi cells than for non-transfected cells and cells transfected with empty vector. Intracellular accumulation of Rhodamine-123 and the expression of Topo II were higher, while the levels of MDR1, BMI and MRP1 mRNA and protein were lower, in Mda-7/IL-24 overexpressing Raji and Daudi cells. Furthermore, the activities of GTP-RhoA-ERK signaling pathway in Raji and Daudi cells were suppressed. These results indicated that Mda-7/IL-24 enhanced the sensitivity of B lymphoma cells to chemotherapy agents by altering the expression of multidrug-resistance genes via downregulating GTP-RhoA-ERK signaling pathway, suggesting that treatment of B cell lymphomas with Mda-7/IL-24 could avoid MDR."	1
"Title: Cigarette smoke extract induces the proliferation of normal human urothelial cells through the NF-?B pathway. Abstract: Bladder cancer is a common genitourinary malignant disease worldwide. Convincing evidence shows that cigarette smoke (CS) is a crucial risk factor for bladder cancer, yet the role of the NF-?B signaling pathway in the development of CS-associated bladder cancer has not been fully elucidated. In the present study, we found that exposure to cigarette smoke extract (CSE) induced proliferation and triggered the transition of normal human urothelial cells from G1 to S phase. Moreover, CSE exposure enhanced the expression of cyclin D1 and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and decreased the expression of p21 in SV-HUC-1 cells. Furthermore, the levels of nuclear NF-?B p65/p50 were significantly elevated by CSE. Pre-treatment with the NF-?B inhibitor (PDTC) reversed CSE-triggered cell proliferation. Taken together, our study revealed that CSE induced proliferation of normal human urothelial cells through the NF-?B pathway, and these data enhance our understanding of the CSE-related carcinogenesis of bladder cancer."	1
"Title: Suppression of forkhead box Q1 by microRNA-506 represses the proliferation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition of cervical cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play a pivotal role in cancer progression and development, representing novel therapeutic tools for cancer therapy. Forkhead box Q1 (FOXQ1) functions as an oncogene in various cancer types. However, the functional significance of FOXQ1 in cervical cancer remains unknown. In this study, we investigated the biological function of FOXQ1 in cervical cancer and tested whether or not FOXQ1 can be targeted and regulated by specific miRNAs. We found that FOXQ1 was highly expressed in cervical cancer cell lines. Knockdown of FOXQ1 by small interfering RNA (siRNA) significantly suppressed the proliferation and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of cervical cancer cells. FOXQ1 was predicted as a target gene of microRNA-506 (miR-506), and this prediction was validated by dual-luciferase reporter assay. Quantitative real-time PCR and western blot analyses demonstrated that mRNA and protein expression was negatively regulated by miR-506. The expression of miR-506 was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues, and miR-506 expression was inversely correlated with FOXQ1 expression in cervical cancer. The overexpression of miR-506 dramatically suppressed the proliferation and EMT of cervical cancer cells that mimicked the suppression of FOXO1 siRNA. Furthermore, the restoration of FOXQ1 expression significantly reversed the inhibitory effect of miR-506. Overall, our study demonstrated that miR-506 inhibited the proliferation and EMT of cervical cancer cells by targeting FOXQ1 and provided evidence that the miR-506/FOXQ1 axis plays an important role in the pathogenesis of cervical cancer, representing potential molecular targets for the development of anticancer agents for cervical cancer treatment."	1
"Title: MiR-1284 modulates multidrug resistance of gastric cancer cells by targeting EIF4A1. Abstract: Routine chemotherapy as an important treatment mode often can not be effective because of multidrug resistance (MDR). MicroRNA (miRNA) modulates the expression of a great number of genes, including MDR. In this study, the expression of miR-1284 was reduced in gastric cancer (GC) tissue specimens with metastasis and in vincristine-resistant (VCR) GC SGC7901 cells (SGC-7901/VCR) compared to that in the controls. Recombinant lentiviral vectors with miR-1284 led to the overexpression of miR-1284 mRNA and reversed the chemoresistance of SGC7901/VCR cells, promoted cell cycle arrested at the G0/G1 phase, accelerated drug-induced apoptosis, and decreased migration and invasiveness of SGC-7901/VCR. In addition, the overexpression of miR-1284 sensitized tumors to chemotherapy in vivo. Our data provide combined evidence that miR-1284 can heighten the expression of MYC and reduce the expression of JUN, MMP12, and EIF4A1 that was the direct target. In conclusion, miR-1284 can function as a new regulator to reduce GC MDR cells by targeting EIF4A1."	1
"Title: SKA1 regulates the metastasis and cisplatin resistance of non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Currently, chemotherapy with platinum-based drugs including cisplatin is the most effective therapy for the treatment of non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). However, the efficacy of chemotherapy is limited due to commonly developed drug resistance. Spindle and kinetochore-associated complex subunit 1 (SKA1) is part of a complex essential for stabilizing the attachment of spindle microtubules to kinetochores and for maintaining the metaphase plate during mitosis. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of SKA1 in the process of metastasis and drug resistance of NSCLC. We completed a series of experiments to investigate the function of SKA1 in NSCLC metastasis and drug resistance including qRT-PCR, immunohistochemistry and western blotting, as well as MTT, BrdU, wounded healing, Transwell and gelatin zymography assays. We demonstrated that the expression levels of SKA1 were elevated in NSCLC and were correlated with cancer progression and malignancy. We also reported that SKA1 positively regulated the proliferation and metastatic ability of NSCLC cells. In addition, we determined that SKA1 contributed to cisplatin resistance in NSCLC cells by protecting these cells from cisplatin-induced cell apoptosis. SKA1 also appeared to regulate the ERK1/2 and the Akt-mediated signaling pathways in NSCLC cells. SKA1 is required for metastasis and cisplatin resistance of non-small cell lung cancer."	1
"Title: Curcumin inhibits intracellular fatty acid synthase and induces apoptosis in human breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cells. Abstract: High levels of fatty acid synthase (FAS) expression have been found in many tumors, including prostate, breast, and ovarian cancers, and inhibition of FAS has been reported to obstruct tumor growth in vitro and in vivo. Curcumin is one of the major active ingredients of Curcuma longa, which has been proven to inhibit the growth of cancer cells. In the present study, we investigated the potential activity of curcumin as a FAS inhibitor for chemoprevention of breast cancer. As a result, curcumin induced human breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cell apoptosis with the half-inhibitory concentration value of 3.63 ± 0.26 µg/ml, and blocked FAS activity, expression and mRNA level in a dose-dependent manner. Curcumin also regulated B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2), Bax and p-Akt protein expression in MDA-MB-231 cells. Moreover, FAS knockdown showed similar effect as curcumin. All these results suggested that curcumin may induce cell apoptosis via inhibiting FAS."	1
"Title: Nobiletin inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition of human non-small cell lung cancer cells by antagonizing the TGF-?1/Smad3 signaling pathway. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a critical cellular process in cancer metastasis, during which epithelial polarized cells become motile mesenchymal cells. Since transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?) is a potent inducer of EMT, blocking of TGF-?/Smad signaling has become a promising cancer therapy. Nobiletin, a polymethoxy flavonoid from Citrus depressa, has been shown to be valuable for cancer treatment, yet the mechanism remains unclear. In the present study, lung adenocarcinoma A549 and H1299 cells were used to evaluate the effect of nobiletin on EMT induced by TGF-?1. Nobiletin successfully inhibited TGF-?1-induced EMT, migration, invasion and adhesion in vitro, accompanied by attenuation of MMP-2, MMP-9, p-Src, p-FAK, p-paxillin, Snail, Slug, Twist and ZEB1 expression. Nobiletin inhibited the transcriptional activity of Smads without changing the phosphorylation status or translocation of Smads induced by TGF-?1. Moreover, Smad3 is requisite in TGF-?1-stimulated EMT. Smad3 overexpression meaningfully impaired the ability of nobiletin to reverse TGF-?1-induced EMT. In vivo, nobiletin prohibited the growth of metastatic nodules in the lungs of nude mice. Moreover, nobiletin inhibited tumor growth and reversed EMT in mice bearing A549-Luc xenografts, as revealed by IVIS imaging and immunohistochemical analysis. Collectively, the data suggest that nobiletin prevents EMT by inactivating TGF-?1/Smad3 signaling."	1
"Title: BLCAP arrests G?/S checkpoint and induces apoptosis through downregulation of pRb1 in HeLa cells. Abstract: BLCAP (bladder cancer-associated protein) gene exhibited tumor suppressor function in different tumors and is regarded as a candidate tumor suppressor gene; however, the mechanism by which BLCAP exerts its function remains elusive. This study investigated the functional association between BLCAP and proliferation or apoptosis in cervical cancer cells, to identify the functional motifs of BLCAP. The BLCAP-shRNA expression vector based on pRNA-U6.1/Hygro plasmid was used to specifically inhibit BLCAP activity in HeLa cells. The optimal shRNA plasmid was selected to knock down BLCAP expression and the biological effects were investigated. The effects on cell cycle and apoptosis were detected by flow cytometric or Annexin V-FITC staining analysis. The gene expression profiles of HeLa cells transfected with blcap-wt and BLCAP-shRNA were analyzed using human signal pathway gene Oligochips. The levels of protein expression and interaction of BLCAP with Rb1 proteins were determined by western blotting and Co-IP assays. The site-specific mutagenesis assay was used to identify amino acid residues important for BLCAP. Significantly differentially expressed genes were found by gene Oligo chips analysis. These genes were all correlated with proliferation, cell cycle and apoptosis. The results of western blotting and Co-IP assays confirmed that overexpression of BLCAP could interact with Rb1 and inhibit Rb1 phosphorylation. Further investigation revealed that SAXX mutation in the key regions of BLCAP suppressed the function of BLCAP and significantly increased the level of phosphorylated Rb1 protein. Here our findings suggested that the functional association of BLCAP and Rb1 might play important roles in proliferation and apoptosis of HeLa cells. It suggested that BLCAP could be a novel therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	1
"Title: ADAM10 mediates the cell invasion and metastasis of human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma via regulation of E-cadherin activity. Abstract: A disintegrin and metalloprotease 10 (ADAM10) is involved in the tumorigenesis, invasion and metastasis of several types of solid tumors. However, the potential role of ADAM10 in human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) is not yet well understood. The present study showed that ADAM10 was overexpressed in human ESCC tissues in vivo, and positively associated with depth of tumor invasion, lymph node metastasis and TNM stage, contributing to tumor carcinogenesis, invasion and metastasis. Additionally, ADAM10 was overexpressed in 3 types of ESCC cell lines in vitro, as compared to that in normal esophageal epithelial cells (NEECs); and moreover, ESCC cells with high ADAM10 expression obtained enhanced invasion and migration ability. Subsequently, ADAM10 silencing by small interfering (si) RNA in ESCC cell line, EC-1, reduced cell invasion, migration and proliferation in vitro. Finally, ADAM10 negatively regulated E-cadherin in ESCC in vivo and in vitro. In conclusion, active ADAM10 promotes the carcinogenesis, invasion, metastasis and proliferation of ESCC and controls invasion and metastasis at least in part through the shedding of E-cadherin activity, which makes it a potential biomarker and a useful therapeutic target for ESCC."	1
"Title: shRNA-mediated RPS15A silencing inhibits U937 acute myeloid leukemia cell proliferation and enhances apoptosis. Abstract: Ribosomal protein S15a (RPS15A), which is a component of the 40S ribosomal subunit, is able to promote mRNA/ribosome interaction during the early stage of translation. Previous studies have demonstrated that RPS15A regulates cell growth and is involved in several types of human cancer. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of RPS15A in acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Lentivirus?delivered short hairpin RNA (shRNA) was used to silence RPS15A expression in the U937 AML cell line. Subsequently, the effects of RPS15A silencing on cell viability, cell cycle progression and apoptosis were investigated. The results indicated that RPS15A knockdown significantly inhibited cell growth. Furthermore, flow cytometric analysis demonstrated that the majority of U937 cells were arrested in G0/G1 phase and sub?G1 phase after RPS15A knockdown, as determined using propidium iodide staining. In addition, U937 cells underwent apoptosis in response to RPS15A silencing, as determined using Annexin V/7?aminoactinomycin D staining. In conclusion, the present study provides novel evidence indicating that RPS15A modulates AML cell growth in vitro, and may be considered a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of AML."	1
"Title: Downregulation of myosin VI reduced cell growth and increased apoptosis in human colorectal cancer. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most commonly diagnosed cancer worldwide, with the mortality increasing steadily over the last decade. Myosin VI (MYO6) expression is found to be elevated in some types of human carcinoma cell types, suggesting that it may be a sensitive biomarker for the diagnosis and follow-up. In this study, we first used the Oncomine database to explore the expression of MYO6 in CRC tissues, and then constructed a plasmid of RNA interference targeting MYO6 gene. After transfection of lentivirus targeting MYO6 into SW1116 cells, cell viability and proliferation were measured with 3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide and colony formation assay. Cell cycle distribution was assayed by flow cytometry and apoptosis was evaluated by Annexin V. MYO6 expression was detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis. It was found that MYO6 mRNA was upregulated in CRC tissues using data mining of public Oncomine microarray datasets. Depletion of MYO6 significantly inhibited cell proliferation and colony formation. In addition, knockdown of MYO6 slightly arrested cell cycle in G0/G1 phase, but remarkably increased the proportion of the sub-G1 phase of cell with the increase of apoptotic cells. These results suggest that MYO6 may promote cell growth and may be used as a potential target for anticancer therapy of CRC."	1
"Title: Activation of ERK/IER3/PP2A-B56?-positive feedback loop in lung adenocarcinoma by allelic deletion of B56? gene. Abstract: In order to investigate the involvement of the IER3/PP2A-B56?/ERK-positive feedback loop, which leads to sustained phosphorylation/activation of ERK in carcinogenesis, we immunohistochemically examined the expression of IER3 and phosphorylated ERK in lung tumor tissues. IER3 was overexpressed in all cases of adenocarcinomas examined, but was not overexpressed in squamous cell carcinomas. Phosphorylated ERK (pERK) was also overexpressed in almost all adenocarcinomas. EGFR and RAS, whose gene product is located upstream of ERK, were sequenced. Activating mutation of EGFR, which is a possible cause of overexpression of IER3 and pERK, was found only in 5 adenocarcinomas (42%). No mutation of RAS was found. We further examined the sequences of all exons of B56? gene (PPP2R5C) and IER3, but no mutation was found. Using a single nucleotide insertion in intron 1 of PPP2R5C, which was found in the process of sequencing, allelic deletion of PPP2R5C was examined. Eight cases were informative (67%), and the deletion was found in 4 of them (50%). Three cases having deletion of PPP2R5C did not have EGFR mutation. Finally, PPP2R5C deletion or EGFR mutation that could be responsible for IER3/pERK overexpression was found in at least 8 cases (67% or more). This is the first report of a high incidence of deletion of PPP2R5C in human carcinomas."	1
"Title: Rhapontigenin inhibits TGF-?-mediated epithelial?mesenchymal transition via the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway and is not associated with HIF-1? degradation. Abstract: The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a pivotal event in cancer cell invasion and metastasis. Emerging evidence suggests that rhapontigenin (Rha) may impede the progression of cancer by disrupting angiogenesis and the EMT. However, the underlying mechanism of Rha has not yet been clarified. In this study, we used transforming growth factor ? (TGF-?) to trigger EMT in diverse types of cancer cells and revealed that Rha inhibited TGF-?-induced EMT and derived?cell invasiveness. The effects of TGF-? were blocked by Rha via interference with the PI3K/AKT/mTOR/GSK3?/??catenin signaling pathway. Furthermore, Rha also inhibited TGF-??induced expression of transcription regulators Snail and hypoxia-inducible factor 1? (HIF-1?) by causing their degradation by the 26S proteasome. Surprisingly, although HIF-1? was degraded with Snail as a result of Rha exposure, HIF-1? was not a key factor involved in TGF-?-mediated EMT induced by Rha. Knocking-down Snail expression, but not HIF-1? expression, by RNA interference dramatically reversed TGF-?-mediated EMT. Moreover, Rha abolished TGF-?-triggered cell invasiveness. Our results demonstrate that Rha inhibits TGF-?-induced EMT in cancer cells by suppressing the activity of the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway. Therefore, Rha may represent a new route for therapeutic intervention in cancer patients and merits future studies to assess its potential."	1
"Title: Prediction of key genes in ovarian cancer treated with decitabine based on network strategy. Abstract: The objective of the present study was to predict key genes in ovarian cancer before and after treatment with decitabine utilizing a network approach and to reveal the molecular mechanism. Pathogenic networks of ovarian cancer before and after treatment were identified based on known pathogenic genes (seed genes) and differentially expressed genes (DEGs) detected by Significance Analysis of Microarrays (SAM) method. A weight was assigned to each gene in the pathogenic network and then candidate genes were evaluated. Topological properties (degree, betweenness, closeness and stress) of candidate genes were analyzed to investigate more confident pathogenic genes. Pathway enrichment analysis for candidate and seed genes were conducted. Validation of candidate gene expression in ovarian cancer was performed by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assays. There were 73 nodes and 147 interactions in the pathogenic network before treatment, while 47 nodes and 66 interactions after treatment. A total of 32 candidate genes were identified in the before treatment group of ovarian cancer, of which 16 were rightly candidate genes after treatment and the others were silenced. We obtained 5 key genes (PIK3R2, CCNB1, IL2, IL1B and CDC6) for decitabine treatment that were validated by RT-PCR. In conclusion, we successfully identified 5 key genes (PIK3R2, CCNB1, IL2, IL1B and CDC6) and validated them, which provides insight into the molecular mechanisms of decitabine treatment and may be potential pathogenic biomarkers for the therapy of ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-205 acts as a tumor suppressor in osteosarcoma via targeting RUNX2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are a class of small non-coding RNAs, and negatively regulate gene expression through directly binding to the 3'-untranslational region (UTR) of their target mRNA, which further leads to translational repression or mRNA degradation. Recently, various miRs have been implicated in the development and progression of osteosarcoma (OS). However, the underlying mechanism has not been fully uncovered. Our study aimed to reveal the exact role of miR-205 in OS, as well as the regulatory mechanism. In this study, we found that the expression of miR-205 was significantly reduced in a total of 34 OS tissue specimens compared to their matched adjacent normal tissues. Besides, it was also remarkably downregulated in OS cell lines (Saos-2, U2OS, SW1353, and MG63) compared to human osteoblast hFOB1.19 cells. Overexpression of miR-205 caused a significant decrease in the proliferation, migration and invasion of MG63 and U2OS cells. Runt-related transcription factor 2 (RUNX2) was further identified as a target gene of miR-205. Moreover, the mRNA and protein expression of RUNX2 was reduced after miR-205 overexpression, but increased after knockdown of miR-205 in MG63 and U2OS cells. Furthermore, overexpression of RUNX2 effectively reversed the suppressive effect of miR-205 on the proliferation, migration, and invasion of MG63 and U2OS cells. The RUNX2 level was significantly increased in OS tissues compared to their matched adjacent normal tissues, as well as in OS cell lines compared to hFOB1.19 cells. In addition, the RUNX2 level was reversely correlated with the miR-205 level in OS tissues. Taken together, our data demonstrate that miR-205 acts as a tumor suppressor in OS via directly targeting RUNX2. Therefore, we suggest that the miR-205/RUNX2 axis may serve as a potential target for the treatment of OS."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated knockdown of TSP50 suppresses the growth of non-small cell lung cancer cells via G0/G1 phase arrest. Abstract: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as the most frequently diagnosed lethal cancer remains the major cause of overall cancer-related death worldwide. Testes-specific protease 50 (TSP50) has been proved as a critical biomarker in various cancers, and we previously reported that TSP50 protein expression is overexpressed in clinical resected NSCLC tumor tissues and related to poor prognosis in NSCLC patients. Hence, the present study was designed to further investigate the potential oncogenesis mechanism of TSP50 in NSCLC cells. Real-time quantitative PCR, immunohistochemical assay and western blot analysis were used to analyze the TSP50 mRNA and protein expression in 20 NSCLC cases, and TSP50 expression was observed to have high levels in the NSCLC specimens and paired metastatic lymph node tissues when compared to the levels in corresponding normal lung tissues and normal lymph nodes. In the experiments in NSCLC cell lines, lentiviral short hairpin RNA (shRNA) delivery system was applied to knock down TSP50 in 95D cells, and the following investigations revealed that downregulation of TSP50 expression markedly reduced cell proliferation, colony formation and migration ability in vitro. Furthermore, the inhibition of TSP50 induced G0/G1-phase arrest and decreased expression levels of cell cycle relative markers CDK4, CDK6, and CyclinD1 and increased expression of p21 and p53 in 95D cells. In conclusion, this study indicates that TSP50 plays a significant role in NSCLC cell proliferation and may act as a novel oncogene in the development and progression of NSCLC, offering a potential cancer therapeutic target for the treatment of NSCLC."	1
"Title: miR-494 inhibits ovarian cancer cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis by targeting FGFR2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) have been reported to be key regulators in numerous types of cancer. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of miR-494 in ovarian cancer. Expression of miR-494 was analyzed in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). miR-494 mimic or negative control was transiently transfected into A2780 and SKOV3 cell lines. A cell counting kit-8 assay was performed to assess the effects of miR-494 on cell proliferation, and flow cytometry was used to evaluate the apoptotic rate. The target gene of miR-494 was detected by luciferase assay. Expression of fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) was identified using RT-qPCR and western blotting. In the present study, decreased expression of miR-494 was observed in ovarian cancer samples and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-494 inhibited ovarian cancer cell proliferation by inducing apoptosis. Additional investigation indicated that FGFR2 was a direct target of miR-494. Taken together, the results of the present study suggested that miR-494 suppressed ovarian cancer cell proliferation by inducing apoptosis via targeting FGFR2."	1
"Title: Gold-conjugated resveratrol nanoparticles attenuate the invasion and MMP-9 and COX-2 expression in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) with antitumorigenic effects obstruct the initiation, development and progression of tumors via the regulation of various processes, such as proliferation and apoptosis. However, the effects of AuNPs on breast cancer metastasis have not been well studied, and their response to 12-O-tetradecanoylphorbol-13-acetate (TPA) stimulation remains unclear. Therefore, we synthesized resveratrol-capped gold nanoparticles (Rev-AuNPs) using green nanotechnology and investigated their potential anti-invasive properties in human breast cancer cells in response to TPA stimulation. The Rev-AuNPs formed spherical nanoparticles of 22.28±2.98 nm in diameter. Next, we found that non-cytotoxic concentrations of Rev-AuNPs significantly suppressed the TPA-induced migration and invasion abilities of breast cancer cells. Rev-AuNPs suppressed TPA-induced enzymatic activity and the expression of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 and cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2). Furthermore, Rev-AuNP treatment remarkably downregulated TPA-induced nuclear translocation and transcriptional activation of nuclear transcription factor-?B (NF-?B) and activator protein-1 (AP-1). Rev-AuNPs reduced the phosphorylation of phosphoinositide 3-kinase/Akt (PI3K/Akt) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK)1/2 signaling, but did not affect the phosphorylation of Jun N-terminal kinase (JNK) or p38 MAPK in the TPA-stimulated breast cancer cells. Notably, Rev-AuNPs generally showed better anti-invasive activity than resveratrol without cytotoxicity. The inhibitory effect of Rev-AuNPs on MMP-9, COX-2, NF-?B, AP-1, PI3K/Akt and ERK activation was stronger than that of resveratrol for the same concentrations. We also demonstrated that Rev-AuNPs induced heme oxygenase-1 (HO-1) expression and that the inhibition of MMP-9 and COX-2 expression and MMP-9 enzymatic activity of Rev-AuNPs were abrogated by siRNA knockdown of HO-1 expression. Our findings revealed that the anti-invasive effects of Rev-AuNPs in response to TPA-stimulation were mediated by the suppression of MMP-9, COX-2, NF-?B, AP-1, PI3K/Akt and ERK and/or the activation of HO-1 signaling cascades. This novel finding emphasizes the pharmacological ability of Rev-AuNPs to treat breast cancer metastasis."	1
"Title: Silencing of long non-coding RNA ANRIL inhibits the development of multidrug resistance in gastric cancer cells. Abstract: The development of multidrug resistance (MDR) is a crucial cause of therapy failure in gastric cancer, which results in disease recurrence and metastasis. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been proven to be critical in carcinogenesis and metastasis of gastric cancer. However, little is known about the roles of ANRIL (antisense non-coding RNA in the INK4 locus) in gastric cancer MDR. The aim of our study is to identify the biological function of ANRIL in gastric cancer MDR. In our results, ANRIL was highly expressed in gastric cancer tissues of cisplatin-resistant and 5-fluorouracil (5-FU)-resistant patients, and the same upregulation trends were observed in cisplatin-resistant cells (BGC823/DDP) and 5-FU-resistant cells (BGC823/5-FU). In addition, BGC823/DDP and BGC823/5-FU cells transfected with ANRIL siRNA and treated with cisplatin or 5-FU, respectively, exhibited significant lower survival rate, decreased invasion capability, and high percentage of apoptotic tumor cells. The influence of ANRIL knockdown on MDR was assessed by measuring IC50 of BGC823/DDP and BGC823/5-FU cells to cisplatin and 5-FU, the result showed that silencing ANRIL decreased the IC50 values in gastric cancer cells. Moreover, qRT-PCR and western blotting revealed that ANRIL knockdown decreased the expression of MDR1 and MRP1, both of which are MDR related genes; regression analysis showed that the expression of ANRIL positively correlated with the expression of MDR1 and MRP1, resprectively In summary, knockdown of lncRNA ANRIL in gastric cancer cells inhibits the development of MDR, suggesting an efficacious target for reversing MDR in gastric cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated inhibition of USP39 suppresses the growth of gastric cancer cells via PARP activation. Abstract: Gastric cancer (GC) is the second most common cause of cancer-associated mortality worldwide. Ubiquitin-specific peptidase 39 (USP39) has important roles in mRNA processing and has been reported to be involved in the growth of breast cancer cells. However, the roles of USP39 in GC have remained to be investigated, which was the aim of the present study. A lentivirus expressing short hairpin RNA targeting USP39 was constructed and transfected into MGC80?3 cells. Suppression of USP39 expression significantly decreased the proliferation and colony forming ability of MGC80?3 cells as indicated by an MTT and a clonogenic assay, respectively. In addition, flow cytometric cell cycle analysis revealed that depression of USP39 induced G2/M?phase arrest, while an intracellular signaling array showed that the cleavage of PARP at Asp214 was increased following USP39 knockdown. These results suggested that USP39 is involved in the proliferation of GCs and may be utilized as a molecular target for GC therapy."	1
"Title: S100A8 facilitates the migration of colorectal cancer cells through regulating macrophages in the inflammatory microenvironment. Abstract: Previous studies have shown that S100 calcium-binding protein A8 (S100A8) contributes to the survival and migration of colorectal cancer (CRC) cells. However, whether S100A8 participates in the progression and metastasis of CRC via the regulation of macrophages in the tumor inflammatory microenvironment remains unknown. In this study, phorbol myristate acetate (PMA) was used to induce the differentiation of THP-1 monocytes to macrophages. MTT assay, western blot analysis, immunofluorescence staining, semi-quantitative RT-PCR (semi-PCR), quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR), Gaussia luciferase activity assay and ELISA were performed to analyze the roles and molecular mechanisms of S100A8 in the modulation of macrophages. MTT assay, flow cytometric analysis, Hoechst staining, wound healing and Transwell migration assay were used to test the effect of S100A8 on the viability and migration of CRC cells co-cultured with macrophages in the inflammatory microenvironment. We found that THP-1 monocytes were induced by PMA and differentiated to macrophages. S100A8 activated the NF-?B pathway in the macrophages and promoted the expression of miR-155 and inflammatory cytokines IL-1? and TNF-? in the inflammatory microenvironment mimicked by lipopolysaccharides (LPS). Furthermore, S100A8 contributed to augment the migration but not the viability of the CRC cells co-cultured with the macrophages in the inflammatory microenvironment. Altogether, our study demonstrated that S100A8 facilitated the migration of CRC cells in the inflammatory microenvironment, and the underlying molecular mechanisms may be partially attributed to the overexpression of miR-155, IL-1? and TNF-? through activation of the NF-?B pathway in macrophages."	1
"Title: Overexpression of PAD4 suppresses drug resistance of NSCLC cell lines to gefitinib through inhibiting Elk1-mediated epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: It is reported that epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) could induce resistance in tumor cells, and knockdown of peptidylarginine deiminase IV (PAD4) induces the activity of EMT. However, the role of PAD4 in gefitinib?acquired resistance in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains unclear. In this study, we aimed to investigate the role of PAD4 in the resistance of NSCLC to gefitinib. The cells resistant to gefitinib were established in accordance with the literature, and were derived from NSCLC cell lines HCC827 and H1650. Real-time quantitative PCR and western blot results showed that PAD4 was obviously downregulated in the cells resistant to gefitinib. Overexpression of PAD4 distinctly inhibited gefitinib resistance, whereas PAD4 downregulation had the opposite effect. Further data indicated that PAD4 upregulation could restrain EMT activity via controlling the expression of ETS-domain containing protein (Elk1). Conversely, inhibition of PAD4 showed the reverse function compared with PAD4 upregulation. Above all, our study showed that overexpression of PAD4 constrains the activity of EMT via suppressing Elk1 expression, and inhibits resistance of NSCLC to gefitinib."	1
"Title: T-box transcription factor brachyury promotes tumor cell invasion and metastasis in non-small cell lung cancer via upregulation of matrix metalloproteinase 12. Abstract: T-box transcription factor brachyury and matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) play important roles in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell invasion and metastasis. However, the association between Brachyury and the MMP family has not yet been fully investigated. The present study aimed to assess the influence of Brachyury on the expression of 23 MMP members and to further explore the mechanisms involved in the promotion of NSCLC cell invasion by Brachyury and MMPs in the H460 and H1299 stable cell lines. The protein expression levels and correlations between the brachyury transcription factor and the targeted MMPs were also validated in 52 NSCLC patient tissue samples. We observed that brachyury significantly upregulated MMP12 expression to promote NSCLC cell invasion. We also found a potential binding site for the brachyury transcription factor in the MMP12 promoter."	1
"Title: Isoquercitrin inhibits bladder cancer progression in vivo and in vitro by regulating the PI3K/Akt and PKC signaling pathways. Abstract: Bladder cancer is the most common malignancy of the urinary system and is also one of the 10 most common cancers of the human body. Currently, clinical treatment of bladder cancer mainly utilizes partial or total cystectomy, supplemented by conventional chemotherapy. However, such treatment has not fully improved the prognosis of patients and is associated with various side effects. Studies have found that flavonoids extracted from plants can be used in radiotherapy and chemotherapy for the prevention of postoperative recurrence and metastasis but also alone for the treatment of advanced tumors. Both applications can ameliorate clinical symptoms, improve the quality of life, and prolong the survival of patients. Based on the above information, the present study investigated the effect of isoquercitrin, a type of flavonoid found in Bidens pilosa L. extracts, on bladder cancer progression, with the goal of understanding the biological characteristics of isoquercitrin by which it participates in bladder cancer progression. Using in vitro experiments, we found that therapeutic doses of isoquercitrin significantly inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis in human bladder cancer cells and that the cell cycle was arrested in the G1 phase. Isoquercitrin inhibited phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K) and Akt phosphorylation expression levels, thus inhibiting proliferation and inducing apoptosis in the cancer cells. In addition, we found that isoquercitrin reduced protein kinase C (PKC) protein expression levels in the human bladder cancer cell lines. We also showed via in vivo experiments that isoquercitrin inhibited xenograft tumor growth in nude mice. In conclusion, our study confirmed that isoquercitrin inhibits bladder cancer progression in vivo and demonstrated that the molecular mechanism of this inhibition may be closely associated with the PI3K/Akt and PKC signaling pathways."	1
"Title: STAT3 regulates hypoxia-induced epithelial mesenchymal transition in oesophageal squamous cell cancer. Abstract: Hypoxia plays a key role in tumour initiation and metastasis; one of the mechanisms is to induce epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) is involved in EMT by regulating the transcriptional regulators of E-cadherin, the biomarker of EMT. Until now, however, few studies have focused on the effects of STAT3 in hypoxia-induced EMT in tumour cells. The goal of this study was to investigate the roles of STAT3 in hypoxia-induced EMT in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). The ESCC cells, TE-1 and EC-1, were incubated in normoxia, or in CoCl2, which was used to mimic hypoxia. With CoCl2, the ESCC cells showed increased migration and invasion abilities, accompanied with upregulation of HIF-1?, STAT3, and vimentin, and downregulation of E-cadherin. Knockdown of STAT3 inhibited EMT of ESCC cells and downregulated HIF-1? in vitro and in vivo. In ChIP assays, STAT3 bound to the promoter of HIF-1?, suggesting that STAT3 regulates transcription of HIF-1?. In conclusion, hypoxia induces EMT of ESCC, and STAT3 regulates this process by promoting HIF-1? expression."	1
"Title: Ursolic acid inhibits proliferation and reverses drug resistance of ovarian cancer stem cells by downregulating ABCG2 through suppressing the expression of hypoxia-inducible factor-1? in vitro. Abstract: Hypoxia in tumors is closely related to drug resistance. It has not been verified whether hypoxia-inducible factor-1? (HIF-1?) or ABCG2 is related to hypoxia-induced resistance. Ursolic acid (UA), when used in combination with cisplatin can significantly increase the sensitivity of ovarian cancer stem cells (CSCs) to cisplatin, but the exact mechanism is unknown. The cell growth inhibitory rate of cisplatin under different conditions was evaluated using Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) in adherence and sphere cells (SKOV3, A2780, and HEY). The expression of HIF-1? and ABCG2 was tested using quantitative PCR, western blotting, and immuno-fluorescence under different culture conditions and treated with UA. Knockdown of HIF-1? by shRNA and LY294002 was used to inhibit the activity of PI3K/Akt pathway. Ovarian CSCs express stemness-related genes and drug resistance significantly higher than normal adherent cells. Under hypoxic conditions, the ovarian CSCs grew faster and were more drug resistant than under normoxia. UA could inhibit proliferation and reverse the drug resistance of ovarian CSC by suppressing ABCG2 and HIF-1? under different culture conditions. HIF-1? inhibitor YC-1 combined with UA suppressed the stemness genes and ABCG2 under hypoxic condition. The PI3K/Akt signaling pathway activation plays an important functional role in UA-induced downregulation of HIF-1? and reduction of ABCG2. UA inhibits the proliferation and reversal of drug resistance in ovarian CSCs by suppressing the expression of downregulation of HIF-1? and ABCG2."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-744 inhibited cervical cancer growth and progression through apoptosis induction by regulating Bcl-2. Abstract: Growing evidence suggests that microRNA plays an essential role in the development and metastasis of many tumor progressions, including cervical cancer. Aberrant miR-744 expression has been indicated in many growth of tumor, the mechanism of miR-744 inhibits both the proliferation and metastatic ability for cervical cancer remains unclear. Accumulating evidences reported that Bcl-2 signal pathway plays an important role in the cellular process, such as apoptosis, cell growth and proliferation. The goal of this study was to identify miR-744 that could inhibit the growth, migration, invasion, proliferation and metastasis of gastric cancer through targeting Bcl-2 expression. Real-time PCR (RT-qPCR) was used to quantify miR-744 expression in vitro and vivo experiments. The biological functions of miR-744 were determined via cell proliferation. Our study indicated that miR-744 targeted on Bcl-2, which leads to the inactivation of apoptosis signaling and the cell proliferation of cervical cancer cells, ameliorating cervical cancer growth and progression. In addition, both up-regulation of miR-744 and down-regulation of Bcl-2 could stimulate Caspase-3 expression, promoting apoptosis of cervical cancer cells. Therefore, our research revealed the mechanistic links between miR-744 and Bcl-2 in the pathogenesis of cervical cancer through modulation of Caspase-3, leading to the inhibition of cervical cancer cell growth. And targeting miR-744 could be served as a novel strategy for future cervical cancer therapy clinically."	1
"Title: Clinicopathological implications of vascular endothelial growth factor 165b expression in oral squamous cell carcinoma stroma. Abstract: Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is one of the most important angiogenic factors. VEGF165b was recently isolated as the anti-angiogenic VEGF splice variant. In the present study, we examined the association between VEGF165b expression and clinicopathological characteristics in order to determine how VEGF165b produced from oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) affects the stromal cell biological activity. We examined the relationships between the expressions of both VEGF isoforms in normal human dermal fibroblasts (NHDFs) and OSCC cell lines (HSC2, 3, 4 and SAS). Our analyses indicated that both the mRNA and protein expression levels of VEGF165b in the HSC2 and SAS cells were higher than those in the NHDFs. VEGF165b did not promote cell growth or invasive capabilities, but it induced the cell adhesive capabilities to ECM. Although strong expression of the VEGF165 isoforms in tumor cells of OSCC tissues was observed, there was no significant difference in the VEGF165b expression level among the various degrees of malignancy. OSCC cells secrete VEGF165b into the stroma, and this factor may contribute to the process of anti-angiogenesis by inhibiting gelatinase-expressing cells and activating cell adhesive capabilities to ECM, such as that of fibroblasts surrounding tumor cells."	1
"Title: miR-145 sensitizes gallbladder cancer to cisplatin by regulating multidrug resistance associated protein 1. Abstract: Gallbladder cancer (GBC) is the most common malignancy in biliary tract with poor prognosis. Due to its high chemoresistance, systemic chemotherapies have had limited success in treating GBC patients. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are emerging novel regulators of chemoresistance, which modulate the expression of drug resistance-related genes. In this study, we investigated the association between miR-145 expression and cisplatin sensitivity by both in vivo and in vitro analysis. Quantitative PCR (q-PCR) analysis indicated an increased miR-145 expression in GBC tissues. In addition, studies on GBC cell lines suggested an increased cisplatin efficacy with miR-145 overexpression, whereas decreasing miR-145 expression reduced cisplatin sensitivity. Further, we found that miR-145 accelerated MRP1 mRNA degradation by directly targeting its 3'-UTR and therefore caused increased cisplatin toxicity in GBC cells. Moreover, lower miR-145 and higher MRP1 expression levels predicted poor prognosis in GBC patients who received chemotherapy. Collectively, our findings established a rationale for using miR-145 expression as a biomarker to identify cisplatin-resistant GBC patients and propose that treatment strategies increasing the expression of miR-145 could be a new therapeutic approach for GBC patients."	1
"Title: Proteasome inhibitor MG132 potentiates TRAIL-induced apoptosis in gallbladder carcinoma GBC-SD cells via DR5-dependent pathway. Abstract: TRAIL is a tumor-selective apoptosis-inducing cytokine playing a vital role in the surveillance and elimination of some tumor cells. However, some tumors are resistant to TRAIL treatment. Proteasome inhibitor MG132 exhibits anti-proliferative and pro-apoptotic properties in many tumors. In this study, we demonstrated that proteasome inhibitor MG132 in vitro and in vivo potentiates TRAIL-induced apoptosis in gallbladder carcinoma GBC-SD cells. MG132 was able to inhibit the proliferation of GBC-SD cells and induce apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner. The induction of apoptosis by proteasome inhibitor MG132 was mainly through the extrinsic apoptotic pathways of caspase activation such as caspase-8, caspase-3 and PARP cleavage. In addition, this process was also dependent on the upregulation of death receptor 5 (DR5), which promoted TRAIL-induced apoptosis in GBC-SD cells. Taken together, these findings indicate that MG132 possesses anti-gallbladder cancer potential that correlate with regulation of DR5-dependent pathway, and suggest that MG132 may be a promising agent for sensitizing GBC-SD cells to TRAIL-induced apoptosis."	1
"Title: Incomplete radiofrequency ablation accelerates proliferation and angiogenesis of residual lung carcinomas via HSP70/HIF-1?. Abstract: Radiofrequency ablation (RFA) therapy has been proved effective and feasible for lung cancer. However, the molecular mechanisms of local lung cancer recurrence following RFA are poorly understood. The present study aimed to evaluate the ability of HSP70/HIF-1? to affect the proliferation and angiogenesis of non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) following insufficient RFA to uncover the molecular mechanisms of local recurrence. In vitro heat treatment was used to establish sublines of NCI-H1650 cells. The NCI-H1650 subline that was established by heat treatment at 54?C had a relatively higher viability and significantly elevated heat tolerance (compared to the parental strain). After treatment with the HSP70 inhibitor VER-155008, the HIF-1? inhibitor YC-1 and PI3K/Akt inhibitor wortmannin, the viability and proliferation rate of the cells was measured. At the same time, HSP70, HIF-1? and Akt were detected by real-time PCR and western blotting. In vivo xenograft tumors were created by subcutaneously inoculating nude mice with NCI-H1650 cells. HSP70, HIF-1? and Akt were detected by western blotting, and CD34 expression was detected by immunohistochemistry before and after RFA or treatment with the VER-155008, YC-1 or wortmannin inhibitors. The heat-adapted NCI-H1650 subline established in vitro had a higher viability and proliferative activity compared to parental cells. Inhibiting HSP70/HIF-1? abolished this difference. Blocking the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway decreased HSP70/HIF-1? expression levels. In vivo, we found that incomplete RFA treatment promoted HSP70/HIF-1? and CD34 expression. Additionally, the combination of RFA and treatment targeting HSP70/HIF-1? resulted in a synergistic reduction in tumor growth compared to incomplete RFA alone. The PI3K/Akt signaling pathway is also involved in regulating HSP70/HIF-1? expression during this process. We conclude that the accelerated proliferation and angiogenesis potential of residual lung carcinomas following RFA treatment was induced by HSP70/HIF-1?, expression of which is regulated by the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Artesunate attenuates glioma proliferation, migration and invasion by affecting cellular mechanical properties. Abstract: Glioma is one of the most common malignant brain tumors. Current chemotherapy is far from providing satisfactory clinical outcomes for patients with glioma. More efficient drugs are urgently needed. Artesunate (ART) is clinically used as an anti-malarial agent and exhibits potent antiproliferative activity as a traditional Chinese medicine. In addition, ART has been shown to exert a profound cytotoxic effect on various tumor cell lines, presenting a novel candidate for cancer chemotherapy. However, its anticancer effect on glioma by altering cell biomechanical properties remains unclear. The present study aimed to identify the anticancer effects of ART on human glioma SHG44 cells by assessing cell proliferation, migration/invasion, the expression of claudin-1 and the biomechanical properties of ART-treated SHG44 cells. The proliferation of the SHG44 cells was assessed by MTT assay. The cell apoptosis was detected by flow cytometry. For cell migration and invasion assays, the Transwell was used. The expression of the gene claudin-1 was detected by polymerase chain reaction. The cell membrane and biomechanical properties, as targets of ART action, were investigated by atomic force microscopy (AFM). ART significantly inhibited the proliferation of SHG44 cells in a dose- and time-dependent manner. After treatment with 30 mg/l ART, the level of cell apoptosis was significantly increased (from 6.88±0.062 to 23.7±4.16%). Furthermore, the cell migration and invasion abilities of the SHG44 cells were markedly inhibited after treatment with 30 mg/l ART. Compared with the control group (0 mg/l ART), the SHG44 cells treated with 30 mg/l ART exhibited upregulated expression of claudin-1, increased adhesive force (from 2,400±300 to 3,600±500 pN), increased high connection among SHG44 cells, increased cytomembrane roughness (from 0.118±0.011 to 0.269±0.015 µm) and reduced elasticity (from 23±8 to 3.5±1.1 MPa). The present study demonstrated that ART could alter the biomechanical properties of the glioma cells to inhibit cell proliferation, migration and invasion."	1
"Title: miR-24 promotes the proliferation, migration and invasion in human tongue squamous cell carcinoma by targeting FBXW7. Abstract: Recent studies suggest that aberrant expression of miR-24 is linked to various human cancers, including tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC). F-box and WD-40 domain protein 7 (FBXW7), a tumor-suppressor gene, is responsible for the degradation of several proto-oncogenes. However, the function and mechanism of miR-24 and FBXW7 in TSCC remains unclear. In the present study, we found that miR-24 was increased in TSCC tissues and cell lines, and that upregulation of miR-24 was associated with advanced clinical stage and a shorter overall survival of TSCC patients. Inhibition of miR-24 significantly suppressed the proliferation, migration and invasion of TSCC cells in vitro. Furthermore, miR-24 repressed FBXW7 expression by directly binding to the 3-untranslated region of FBXW7. Moreover, the suppression of FBXW7 increased the proliferation, migration and invasion of TSCC cells, and the restoration of FBXW7 substantially attenuated the oncogenic effects of miR-24. In conclusion, our results demonstrated that upregulation of miR-24 was associated with tumor progression and poor prognosis in TSCC patients, and that overexpression of miR-24 was correlated with the proliferation, migration and invasion of TSCC cells in vitro, at least partially through regulation of its functional target FBXW7. Thus, miR-24 may serve as a novel potential biomarker for the prognosis of TSCC patients."	1
"Title: COL11A1 is overexpressed in recurrent non-small cell lung cancer and promotes cell proliferation, migration, invasion and drug resistance. Abstract: Collagen type XI ?1 (COL11A1), a minor fibrillar collagen, has been demonstrated to be involved in cell proliferation, migration and the tumorigenesis of many human malignancies. Previous studies have shown that COL11A1 may be a valuable diagnostic marker for non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC). However, its biological function in NSCLC progression remains largely unclear. In the present study, we investigated the expression levels of COL11A1 in different human NSCLC samples, and found that COL11A1 was overexpressed in NSCLC with lymph node metastasis and in recurrent NSCLC tissues. We also revealed that COL11A1 promoted the cell proliferation, migration and invasion of NSCLC cell lines in vitro. Furthermore, our results highlighted the importance of COL11A1 in chemoresistance to cisplatin. Mechanistically, we found that the effects of the overexpression of COL11A1 in NSCLC cells were mediated by Smad signaling. Collectively, our findings suggest that COL11A1 may sever as a biomarker for metastatic NSCLC, and can be used to predict recurrence after surgical resection. Therapeutic approaches targeting COL11A1 may facilitate the optimization of cisplatin treatment of NSCLC by overcoming chemoresistance."	1
"Title: DNA hypomethylation of CD133 promoter is associated with recurrent glioma. Abstract: Gliomas are the most common type of brain tumor in the central nervous system of adults, and are highly aggressive, resistant to treatment, and prone to recurrence. Brain tumor stem cells (BTSCs) are implicated in tumor initiation and recurrence. Cluster of differentiation (CD)133 is currently the most widely used BTSC marker; however, its role in glioma development and progression is largely unknown. In this study, we evaluated CD133 expression in pairs of primary and recurrent human glioma specimens from 24 patients. We found that recurrent gliomas have aberrantly upregulated CD133 levels. To clarify the mechanism underlying this observation, we assessed CD133 promoter (P)2 methylation status by bisulfite sequencing and found that P2 hypomethylation was associated with the increase in CD133 expression and glioma recurrence. These results suggest that CD133 overexpression in BTSCs due to P2 hypomethylation underlies glioma recurrence, which may provide insight into the mechanism of glioma recurrence and provide a basis for novel therapies for glioma treatment."	1
"Title: miR-10b Inhibits Apoptosis and Promotes Proliferation and Invasion of Endometrial Cancer Cells via Targeting HOXB3. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small RNA that are tightly interrelated with the initiation, development, and metastasis of cancers. Studies have shown that miR-10b is increased in various cancers. However, the underlying mechanisms of miR-10b in the occurrence and metastasis of endometrial cancer are poorly understood. To investigate its roles and correlations with Homeobox box 3 (HOXB3) in endometrial cancer, cancer tissues and adjacent normal endometrium tissues from 20 patients with endometrial cancer were studied. miR-10b expression was significantly up-regulated (p < 0.01) in endometrial cancer tissue, whereas HOXB3 was lowly expressed. The silence of miR-10b resulted in significantly enhanced cell apoptosis, and remarkably reduced cell proliferation, migration, and invasion (p < 0.05). Moreover, the protein levels of HOXB3 were increased in KLE cells with silenced miR-10b, and dual-luciferase reporter assay suggested that miR-10b could directly target HOXB3. Furthermore, overexpression of HOXB3 promoted cell apoptosis but inhibited cell proliferation, migration, and invasion (p < 0.01). To conclude, miR-10b might control cell apoptosis, proliferation, migration, and invasion in endometrial cancer via regulation of HOXB3 expression."	1
"Title: TIM-3 promotes the metastasis of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by targeting epithelial-mesenchymal transition via the Akt/GSK-3?/Snail signaling pathway. Abstract: T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain-con-taining protein-3 (TIM-3), a negative regulator of antitumor immune response, has been demonstrated to be involved in the onset and progression of several types of malignancies. The present study aimed to determine whether and how TIM?3 plays such a role in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). TIM-3 expression was analyzed by immunohistochemistry and real?time fluorescence quantitative PCR (qRT?PCR) in ESCC and matched adjacent normal tissues. Functional experiments in vitro were performed to elucidate the effect of TIM?3 knockdown on the proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in Eca109 and TE?1 cell lines. Our data revealed that TIM?3 expression was significantly elevated at both the mRNA and protein levels in ESCC tissues compared with the levels in the matched adjacent normal tissues (both P<0.001). TIM?3 expression was significantly associated with lymph node metastasis (P=0.008), tumor?node?metastasis (TNM) stage (P=0.042) and depth of tumor invasion (P=0.042). In addition, we observed a strong correlation between high TIM?3 expression and a worse overall survival of ESCC patients (P=0.001). Functional study demonstrated that TIM?3 knockdown markedly inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion of ESCC cell lines without affecting apoptosis. In addition, TIM?3 depletion was associated with downregulation of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9 and upregulation of tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase (TIMP)-1, and with reversion of EMT, as reflected by higher levels of the epithelial marker E?cadherin and lower levels of the mesenchymal markers N?cadherin and vimentin. Further study found that TIM?3 depletion suppressed the signaling pathway involving p?Akt, p?GSK?3? and Snail. Taken together, these results suggest that TIM?3 is a novel therapeutic target and prognostic biomarker for ESCC and promotes metastasis of ESCC by inducing EMT via, at least partially, the Akt/GSK-3?/Snail signaling pathway."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-497 inhibits the proliferation, migration and invasion of human bladder transitional cell carcinoma cells by targeting E2F3. Abstract: Accumulating evidence indicates that microRNAs (miRNAs) play critical roles in regulating cellular processes, such as cell growth and apoptosis, as well as cancer progression and metastasis. Low expression of miR-497 has been observed in breast, colorectal and cervical cancers. Human bladder transitional cell carcinoma (BTCC) progression typically follows a complex cascade from primary malignancy to distant metastasis, but whether the aberrant expression of miR-497 in BTCC is associated with malignancy, metastasis or prognosis remains unknown. In the present study, we found that miR-497 was markedly downregulated in BTCC tissue samples when compared with that noted in adjacent normal tissues, and low expression of miR-497 was correlated with poor prognosis in BTCC patients. We also found that overexpression of miR-497 inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion of bladder cancer cells by downregulating E2F3 (an miR-497 target gene) mRNA and protein and that siRNA against E2F3 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion, which was similar to the effect of miR-497 overexpression in the BTCC cells. Our experimental data indicated that miR-497 mediates the in vitro proliferation, migration and invasion of BTCC cells. Together, these results suggest that miR-497 may represent a novel prognostic indicator, a biomarker for the early detection of metastasis and a target for gene therapy of BTCC."	1
"Title: MYO6 knockdown inhibits the growth and induces the apoptosis of prostate cancer cells by decreasing the phosphorylation of ERK1/2 and PRAS40. Abstract: Prostate cancer is the second most frequently diagnosed cancer among males around the world. Myosin VI (MYO6), as a motor protein, has been reported to be implicated in cancer-related cell migration and cellular functions. To investigate the role of MYO6 in prostate cancer, immunohistochemical analysis was firstly applied to prostate cancer tissues and revealed that MYO6 was closely related with the Gleason score in prostate cancer. Then we used specific short hairpin RNA (shRNA) to downregulate MYO6 expression in DU145 and PC-3 cells and found that decreased MYO6 expression significantly suppressed cell proliferation, as determined by MTT and colony formation assays. Flow cytometry confirmed that the suppression of MYO6 promoted cell cycle arrest at the G2/M and sub-G1 phase in the DU145 cells. Furthermore, PathScan intracellular signaling array analysis demonstrated that the phosphorylation of ERK1/2 and PRAS40 was downregulated in the DU145 cells following MYO6 knockdown. Knockdown of MYO6 downregulated the expression of AKT3 and upregulated the expression of PARP, as confirmed by western blot analysis. These results suggest that MYO6 plays an essential role in the progression of prostate cancer and silencing of MYO6 may be a promising therapeutic approach for prostate cancer."	1
"Title: Inhibition of miR-7 promotes angiogenesis in human umbilical vein endothelial cells by upregulating VEGF via KLF4. Abstract: Recent lentiviral-based microRNA (miRNA) library screening has identified miRNA-7 (miR-7) as an anti?angiogenic miRNA in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs). However, the underlying mechanism of miR-7 in the suppression of angiogenesis remains largely unknown. In the present study, we report that miR-7 inhibition promoted angiogenesis by upregulating vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and directly targeting Krüppel-like factor 4 (KLF4). Downregulation of miR-7 promoted tube formation of HUVECs, accompanied by upregulation of mRNA and protein levels of both VEGF and KLF4. miR-7 directly targeted KLF4 as demonstrated by luciferase reporter assay and miR-7 mimics decreased KLF4. Furthermore, bioinformatic analysis revealed the presence of multiple DNA-binding elements of KLF4 in the VEGF promoter. Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) demonstrated that the KLF4 antibody specifically pulled down the VEGF promoter in the HUVECs. Furthermore, ectopic overexpression of KLF4 induced VEGF mRNA and protein levels. In addition, KLF4 silencing inhibited the angiogenesis induced by the miR-7 inhibitor in the HUVECs. Our results demonstrated that KLF4 is a direct target of miR-7 and a transcription activator of VEGF. These findings indicate that the miR-7-KLF4-VEGF signaling axis plays an important role in the regulation of angiogenesis in HUVECs, suggesting that miR-7 is a potential agent for the development of anti-angiogenic therapeutics in vascular diseases and solid tumors."	1
"Title: Isoalantolactone inhibits the migration and invasion of human breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cells via suppression of the p38 MAPK/NF-?B signaling pathway. Abstract: Isoalantolactone is a bioactive sesquiterpene lactone isolated from the flowering plant Inula helenium L. This study was conducted to assess the anti-migratory and anti-invasive activities of isoalantolactone in MDA-MB-231 cells, and to explore the underlying mechanisms. Wound-healing and Transwell chambers assays demonstrated that isoalantolactone inhibited the adhesion, migration and invasion of MDA-MB-231 cells. The activity and expression of MMP-2 and MMP-9 were downregulated by isoalantolactone in a dose-dependent manner. Additionally, isoalantolactone markedly decreased the p-p38 MAPK level, whereas no significant change in p-ERK1/2 and p-JNK1/2 was noted. The downregulation of MMP-2 and MMP-9 protein expression and suppression of in vitro invasion might be associated with the blockade of p38 MAPK activation. Furthermore, isoalantolactone blocked the translocation of NF-?B p65 from the cytoplasm into the nucleus. These results revealed that isoalantolactone inhibited the adhesion, migration and invasion of MDA-MB-231 cells via suppression of the p38 MAPK/NF-?B signaling pathway, and isoalantolactone might be an alternative treatment for breast cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-520a attenuates proliferation of Raji cells through inhibition of AKT1/NF-?B and PERK/eIF2? signaling pathway. Abstract: Burkitt's lymphoma (BL) is a fast growing cancer of the human lymphatic system, and an extremely invasive B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. We explored the mechanism of apoptosis in Raji cells associated with the post-transcriptional regulation factors. To confirm that the predicted microRNA-520a (miR-520a) is matched with AKT1, 3' untranslated region (UTR) luciferase activity of AKT1 was used in the assessment. In the presence of the mimics or inhibitors of miR-520a, cell function of Raji, such as proliferation, growth and apoptosis were analyzed. The expression of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress?related proteins were examined. Luciferase reporter analysis showed that miR?520a leads to decreased activity of luciferase gene fused with AKT1 3'UTR. Therefore, AKT1 is a direct target of miR?520a. Our data indicated that the mimics of miR?520a inhibited growth, proliferation of Raji cells and promoted its apoptosis, which was related to downregulation of AKT1, NF??B and ER stress response mediated by PERK/eIF2? pathway. On the contrary, the inhibitors of miR?520a promoted growth, proliferation of Raji cells and inhibited its apoptosis, which was related to AKT1/NF??B and PERK/eIF2? pathway. We identified miR?520a, which specifically binds to AKT1 mRNA 3'UTR. miR?520a is a crucial mediator for proliferation and ER stress in Raji cells through regulating the AKT1/NF??B or PERK/eIF2? signaling pathway. Our findings suggest that targeting miR?520a is a promising therapeutic strategy in BL."	1
"Title: MiR-335 regulates the chemo-radioresistance of small cell lung cancer cells by targeting PARP-1. Abstract: The role of miR-335 in the regulation of chemosensitivity and radiosensitivity of small cell lung cancer (SCLC) was investigated. miR-335 was significantly downregulated in multi-drug-resistant SCLC H69AR and H446DDP cells compared with parental cells as detected by qRT-PCR. Then, we demonstrated the negative correlation between miR-335 expression and the chemo-radiosensitivity of SCLC cells, including cell proliferation, cell clonality and cell apoptosis. In addition, miR-335 overexpression inhibited cell migration in vitro and tumor growth in vivo, whereas inhibition of miR-335 promoted cell migration and tumor growth. The underlying mechanism was further studied. Poly [ADP-ribose] polymerase 1 (PARP-1) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-335 in SCLC by bioinformatics analysis and validated via luciferase reporter assay. Overexpression of miR-335 decreased the expression of PARP-1 mRNA and protein, and NF-?B protein levels were correspondingly downregulated, thus regulating the chemo-radiosensitivity of SCLC. Taken together, these findings indicate that miR-335 may serve as a critical regulator of chemo-radiotherapy resistance in SCLC and a new potential therapeutic target."	1
"Title: Ovol2 gene inhibits the Epithelial-to-Mesenchymal Transition in lung adenocarcinoma by transcriptionally repressing Twist1. Abstract: Associated with recent achievements in therapy for advanced lung adenocarcinoma, there will still be an unmet medical need for effective treatment of stage IIIb/IV, and the prognosis of lung cancer is not optimistic till now. Objective: In order to obtain some essential evidences for a potential targeted therapy in lung adenocarcinoma, the effects of Ovol2 gene on Epithelial-to-Mesenchymal Transition (EMT) was observed and the probable mechanisms were analyzed. Methods: Ovol2 expression was previously evaluated by immunochemistry in lung adenocarcinoma tissue, and Ovol2 was overexpressed by lentivirus infection in A549 cells. Subsequently, the migration and invasion ability of A549 cells was tested by Transwell and Wound healing experiments. The mRNA level of genes correlated to EMT was detected by Real-time PCR, and the expression of reasonable makers was probed by Western Blot. Finally, rescue experiment, Luciferase assay, and chromatin immunoprecipitation assay were performed to explore the probable mechanisms. Results: After treated with Ovol2 overexpression, the expression level of E-cadherin was increased, while the expression level of Vimentin and Twist1 was declined not only in the mRNA level but also in the protein level. Moreover, we found that Ovol2 represses transcription of Twist1 by binding to its promoter directly. Wound healing and Transwell assays indicate that the migration and invasion ability were downregulated by Ovol2 in A549 cells. Conclusion: Ovol2 can suppress migration and invasion ability of A549 cells, and prevent EMT by inhibition of Twist1 transcription directly."	1
"Title: MiR-7 inhibits progression of hepatocarcinoma by targeting KLF-4 and promises a novel diagnostic biomarker. Abstract: MicroRNAs are 22-24 nt non-coding RNAs that bind to the 3' UTR of target mRNAs, thereby inducing mRNA degradation or inhibiting mRNA translation. Due to their implication in the regulation of post-transcriptional processes, the role of miRNAs in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) has been extensively studied. However, the function of miR-7 in HCC remains to be demonstrated. Methods: 50 paired HCC tissues and matched peritumor tissues from patients were collected. The mRNA level of miR-7 was detected by qRT-PCR. The protein level of Kruppel-like factor 4 (KLF-4) was determined by western blot. Cell proliferation and invasive ability were measured using MTT and transwell invasion assay, respectively. Results: We demonstrated that miR-7 was downregulated in 50 HCC tissues and the low expression of miR-7 was significantly correlate with tumour size. Moreover, overexpression of miR-7 significantly inhibited the proliferation and invasion of HCC cells. Over 100 target genes of miR-7 were predicted by Targetscan, and KLF-4 was indicated as the most promising candidate. Luciferase report assay showed that KLF-4 could be silenced by miR-7, so as to restore the impairment of cell proliferation and invasion in HCC cells. Conclusions: In summary, we revealed a role of miR-7-KLF-4 axis in HCC cells, and the combination of both biomarkers might improve HCC diagnosis."	1
"Title: Loss of the Opa interacting protein 5 inhibits breast cancer proliferation through miR-139-5p/NOTCH1 pathway. Abstract: Opa interacting protein 5 (OIP5) has been reported to be over-expressed in several kinds of human cancer. However, the biological function and clinical significance of OIP5 in human breast cancer remains unknown. In this study, we found that OIP5 was notably over-expressed in breast cancer tissues compared with their corresponding nontumorous tissues. Statistical analysis showed a significant correlation of OIP5 expression with advanced clinical stage. Ablation OIP5 inhibited the proliferation of breast cancer cells. OIP5 over-expression inhibited hsa-miR-139-5p expression, antagonized its functions and led to the de-repression of its endogenous target NOTCH1, which was a core oncogene in promoting breast cancer progression. Our results suggested that OIP5 is a potential diagnosis biomarker and therapeutic target for breast cancer."	1
"Title: Upregulation of microRNA-574-3p in a human gastric cancer cell line AGS by TGF-?1. Abstract: The mechanisms that regulate miR-574-3p expression in cells remain elusive. In the present study, we used real-time PCR assay to demonstrate TGF-?1-induced miR-574-3p upregulation in AGS cells, which was inhibited by TGF-? receptor I inhibitor SB431542. We used a computer search to identify Smad binding sites upstream of the miR-574-3p precursor sequence. We demonstrated that silencing Smad4, but not Smad2 or Smad3, significantly inhibited the TGF-?1-induced miR-574-3p upregulation in AGS cells. Furthermore, TGF-?1 significantly increased the activity of a dual-luciferase reporter that contains the Smad binding sites upstream of the miR-574 precursor sequence. Silencing Smad4 significantly inhibited the TGF-?1-induced increase in the activity of the reporter in AGS cells. ChIP assay showed that Smad4 directly bound to the promoter of miR-574-3p. MiR-574-3p inhibition was effective in eliminating the inhibition of AGS cell proliferation induced by TGF-?1, suggesting that TGF-?1 inducing upregulation of miR-574-3p is functionally significant."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-134-3p is a novel potential inhibitor of human ovarian cancer stem cells by targeting RAB27A. Abstract: The cluster of microRNAs (miRNAs) in the DLK1-DIO3 genomic imprinted region contains several miRNAs that have a significant regulatory role in tumor proliferation and invasion. One of these miRNAs is miR-134-3p, and its expression changes significantly in human ovarian cancer stem cells (OCSCs) and in CD44-/CD133- ovarian cancer. The results of a luciferase assay showed that miR-134-3p silenced RAB27A by binding to the 3'-UTR of RAB27A mRNA. Overexpression of miR-134-3p in human OCSCs can not only inhibit the expression of RAB27A but also can effectively downregulate the expression of some tumor proliferation and invasion genes. Overexpression of miR-134-3p can not only inhibit the in vitro proliferation and cell cycle progression of human OCSCs but also can decrease the tumorigenicity in nude mice."	1
"Title: Development and evaluation of a novel RT-qPCR based test for the quantification of HER2 gene expression in breast cancer. Abstract: Accurate measurement of Human epidermal growth factor receptor (HER2) gene expression is central for breast or stomach cancer therapy orientation and prognosis. The current standards testing methods for HER2 expression are immunohistochemistry (IHC) and fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH). In the current study, we explored the use of quantitative real time reverse transcription-PCR (RT-qPCR) as a potential method for the accurate relative quantification of the HER2 gene using formalin fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) breast cancer biopsy samples. The main aim of the current study is to measure the level of concordance of RT-qPCR based quantification of HER2 overexpression with both IHC and FISH. Accordingly, an endogenous control gene (ECG) is required for this relative quantification and should ideally be expressed equivalently across tested samples. Stably expressed ECGs have been selected from a panel of seven genes using GenEx V6 software which is based on geNorm and NormFinder and statistical methods. Quantification of HER2 gene expression was performed by our RT-qPCR-based test and compared to the results obtained by both IHC and FISH methods. HER2 gene quantification using RT-qPCR test was normalized using the two ECGs (RPL30 and RPL37A) that were successfully identified and selected from a panel of seven genes as the most stable and reliable ECGs. We evaluated a total of 216 FFPE tissue samples from breast cancer patients. The results obtained with RT-qPCR in the current study were compared to both IHC and FISH data collected for the same patients. In addition to an internal evaluation, an external evaluation of this assay was also performed in a recognized pathology center in Europe (Clinic Barcelona Hospital Universitari, Spain) using 116 FFPE breast cancer tissue samples. The results demonstrated a high concordance between RT-qPCR and either IHC (98%) or FISH (72%) methods. Accordantly, the overall concordance was 85%. To our knowledge, this is the first study using the specific combination of RPL30 and RPL37 as reference genes for an accurate HER2 gene quantification in FFPE biopsy samples. Although further clinical validation regarding evolution and therapeutic response using RT-qPCR for the quantification of HER2 expression are still needed, the present study constitutes definitely a factual element that the RT-qPCR based assay may constitute a valid complementary test to accurately measure HER2 expression for a better treatment orientation."	1
"Title: Variants of estrogen receptor alpha and beta genes modify the severity of sporadic breast cancer. Abstract: Reproductive factors pose a risk for sporadic breast cancer (BC) development owing to the lifetime exposure to estrogen, a hormone responsible for cell proliferation in the breast. Because variants of the estrogen receptor (ER) alpha and beta genes have been associated with BC risk in numerous populations, the objective of the study was to determine whether the risk and severity of sporadic BC was associated with the rs2228480 (ESR1) and rs4986938 (ESR2) variants in a Brazilian population. Methods: A total of 253 DNA samples from sporadic BC patients and 257 DNA samples from healthy controls were studied. The samples were genotyped by PCR-RFLP. Epidemiological, clinical, and reproductive factors were analyzed. Statistical tests conducted included the ? 2 test, Fisher's exact test, and Mann-Whitney and Kruskal-Wallis tests or their parametric equivalents. Results: There was a high frequency of the rs2228480*GG genotype among the ER-positive tumors (OR=2.13; 95% CI=1.189-3.816) and it showed minor association with clinical stage 0 (OR=0.324; 95% CI=0.116-0.904). The rs2228480*GA genotype was associated with minor ER expression, whereas rs2228480*GG was associated with high expression of the progesterone receptor (PR). The frequency of rs4986938*GA was high among women who breastfed (OR=2.11; 95% CI=1.203-3.702), and it showed high association with clinical stage 0 (OR=4.383; 95% CI=1.606-11.96) whereas it had minor association with systemic arterial hypertension (OR=0.53; 95% CI=0.319-0.880). The rs2228480*GG/rs4986938*GG haplotype occurred at a low frequency among women who breastfed (OR=0.525; 95% CI=0.298-0.924) but it was associated with a high expression of PR. Conclusion: The rs2228480 and rs4986938 variants did not alter sporadic BC risk, but they did modulate the BC severity."	1
"Title: Single nucleotide polymorphisms, haplotype association and tumour expression of the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) gene with lung carcinoma. Abstract: VEGF contains several polymorphic sites known to influence its expression. We examined the possible association between+405(-634)C>G,+936C>T,-2578C>A and lung cancer in 199 Kashmiri patients and 401 healthy controls. VEGF+405CG,+936CT+TT and-2578CA genotypes were significantly associated with lung cancer risk compared to VEGF+405CC,+936CC and-2578AA+CC genotypes [OR=0.07 (0.04-0.13), P<0.0001, OR=0.36 (0.25-0.52), P<0.0001 and 0.08 (0.05-0.13), P<0.0001]. Haplotype analysis revealed that CGA and TGA haplotypes of VEGF gene conveys the risk for lung cancer [OR=0.18 (0.10-0.33), P<0.0001 and 0.07 (0.03-0.13), P<0.0001]. VEGF expression revealed non-significant association with the genotypes of the three SNPs. In conclusion, the SNPs examined appear to influence lung cancer susceptibility while as genotypes of the SNPs don't appear to have significant association with VEGF mRNA expression in lung tumours."	1
"Title: miR-130b-3p inhibits cell invasion and migration by targeting the Notch ligand Delta-like 1 in breast carcinoma. Abstract: Breast carcinoma is the most common malignancy in women, and the incidence rate has increased dramatically in recent years. Metastasis is responsible for most advanced breast cancer mortality, but the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood despite extensive research. Recently, short non-coding RNA molecules, including miRNAs, which mediate changes in signalling pathways, have emerged as metastatic regulators of the breast carcinoma. Previous reports have suggested that miR-130b-3p has both oncogenic and tumour suppressor functions in a cancer type-dependent manner. However, the roles and underlying molecular mechanisms of miR-130b-3p in the development of metastasis in breast carcinoma remain unclear. Here, we reported for the first time that miR-130b-3p was differentially expressed in early-stage non-invasive MCF-7 human breast carcinoma cells and aggressive late-stage MDA-MB-231 cells. In gain-of-function and loss-of-function studies, we demonstrated that miR-130b-3p could inhibit breast carcinoma cell invasion and migration by directly targeting the Notch ligand Delta-like 1 (DLL1). Our data also indicated that MMP-9, MMP-13, and VEGF were regulated by miR-130b-3p and may be involved in the inhibition of cell invasion and migration in breast carcinoma. Collectively, our findings reveal a new regulatory mechanism of miR-130b-3p and suggest that miR-130b-3p may be a potential target against human breast cancer metastasis."	1
"Title: miR-218-5p restores sensitivity to gemcitabine through PRKCE/MDR1 axis in gallbladder cancer. Abstract: Gallbladder cancer (GBC) is one of the most common malignancy of the biliary tract characterized by its high chemoresistant tendency. Although great progresses have been made in recent decades for treating many cancers with anticancer drugs, effective therapeutics methods for anti-GBC are still lacking. Therefore, investigations into identifying the mechanisms underlying the drug resistance of GBC are greatly needed. In this study, we show that miR-218-5p plays a critical role in gemcitabine resistance of GBC. miR-218-5p levels were significantly lower in GBC than adjacent non-cancer tissues, and which were also associated with patient prognosis. While miR-218-5p overexpression abrogated gemcitabine resistance of GBC cells, silencing of which exhibited the opposite effects. Via six microRNA targets prediction algorithms, we found that PRKCE is a potential target of miR-218-5p. Moreover, miR-218-5p overexpression repressed the luciferase activity of reporter constructs containing 3'-UTR of PRKCE and also reduced PRKCE expression. Further studies revealed that miR-218-5p promotes sensitivity of gemcitabine by abolishing PRKCE-induced upregulation of MDR1/P-gp. Taken together, our results imply that an intimate correlation between miR-218-5p and PRKCE/MDR1 axis abnormal expression is a key determinant of gemcitabine tolerance, and suggest a novel miR-218-5p-based clinical intervention target for GBC patients."	1
"Title: The herbal medicine Melissa officinalis extract effects on gene expression of p53, Bcl-2, Her2, VEGF-A and hTERT in human lung, breast and prostate cancer cell lines. Abstract: Earlier, we verified that Melissa officinalis extract (MOE) elicits potent antiproliferative effects on different human cancer cells. To gain insights into the molecular mechanisms accounting for the cytotoxic effects of MOE, we assessed the expression patterns of several prominent molecules with therapeutic potential in cancer by Quantitative PCR (Q-PCR). Methods: A549, MCF-7 and PC3 cancer cells were grown in complete RPMI 1640 and seeded in 24 well micro plates. After incubation for 72h, 100?g/ml of MOE was added and the cells were further incubated for 72h. Afterwards, the cells were subjected to RNA extraction for the means of Q-PCR. Results: Our results indicated that in PC3 cancer cells, MOE resulted in a significant downregulation of VEGF-A (0.0004 fold), Bcl-2 (0.001 fold), Her2 (0.02 fold), and hTERT (0.023 fold) compared to the untreated control. In addition, VEGF-A and hTERT mRNA were significantly downregulated in MCF-7 and A549 cancer cells, as well. Notably, high anti-angiogenic activity was closely associated with a high anti-telomerase activity of MOE in studying cancer cells. The decrease in VEGF-A expression was significantly superior than that of hTERT downregulation, as PC3 cancer cells with the highest hTERT down regulation (0.023) presented the highest anti VEGF activity (0.0004 fold), whereas MCF-7 cells with the lowest hTERT inhibition (0.213) showed the lowest VEGF inhibition(0.0435) among the three studied cancer cells. We noticed that the modulation of VEGF-A and hTERT gene expression can be considered as a common target, accounting for the therapeutic potential of MOE on human breast, lung and prostate cancer cells. Conclusion: Altogether, it is suggested that the potent antiproliferative activity of the hydroalcoholic extract of Melissa officinalis is somehow explainable by its high potency to inhibit expression of the prominent oncogenes Bcl2, Her2, VEGF-A and hTERT in prostate cancer. In tumors with functional p53, including MCF-7 and A549 cancer cells, the role of p53, Bcl2 and Her2 is less significant. It appears that MOE exerts its antiproliferative effects in these cancer cells partly via concurrent downregulation of VEGF-A and hTERT. Additional studies are needed to clarify the role of other active molecules in cancer cells harboring functional p53."	1
"Title: HOTAIR genetic variants are associated with prostate cancer and benign prostate hyperplasia in an Iranian population. Abstract: Prostate cancer and benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) are heterogeneous disorders with a wide array of clinical presentations and high prevalence among men. Several protein coding genes as well as non-coding genes have been shown to contribute in prostate cancer and BPH risk. Among non-coding genes whose contribution in tumorigenesis has been identified is HOX transcript antisense RNA (HOTAIR). In the present study we aimed at identification of the associations between three HOTAIR polymorphisms (rs12826786, rs1899663 and rs4759314) and risk of prostate cancer and BPH by the means of tetra-primer ARMS-PCR in a population of 128 Iranian prostate cancer patients, 143 BPH patients and 250 normal male controls. The study showed that rs1899663 T allele was associated with BPH risk. Comparison between prostate cancer and BPH groups showed that rs1899663 is associated with cancer risk in co-dominant, dominant and recessive inheritance models. The rs12826786 T allele was significantly more presented in both BPH and prostate cancer groups compared with healthy subjects. This SNP was associated with both BPH and prostate cancer risk in co-dominant and recessive models. However, rs4759314 showed no significant difference in allele or genotype frequencies between three mentioned groups. In addition, some haplotypes within this gene were associated with increased prostate cancer and BPH risk. Consequently, HOTAIR can be suggested as a risk locus for prostate cancer and BPH in Iranian population."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-223-3p Regulates Ovarian Cancer Cell Proliferation and Invasion by Targeting SOX11 Expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) often display different expression in many cancers and other diseases in current research studies. miR-223 expression is upregulated in rheumatoid arthritis. Also, miR-223 expression has been demonstrated to be highly expressed in pancreatic cancer and gastric cancer in comparison with normal tissue. However, whether miR-223 displays different expression in ovarian cancer and what its underlying functions are in ovarian cancer have remained unclear. In this study, we demonstrated that miR-223-3p was upregulated in ovarian cancer tissue. Next, we explored the functional role of miR-223-3p in ovarian cancer using SKOV3 and OVCAR3 cell lines. Our results suggested that miR-223-3p mimic promoted ovarian cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro. However, miR-223-3p inhibitor displayed the opposite effects. In addition, we demonstrated that miR-223-3p mimic promoted tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore, we found SOX11 (sex determining region Y-box 11) was inversely expressed with miR-223-3p in ovarian cancer (OC) cell lines and tissue specimens. miR-223-3p mimic decreased SOX11 expression. Overexpressing SOX11 inhibited ovarian cancer cell proliferation and invasion, which indicated that miR-223-3p regulated OC cell proliferation and invasion through targeting SOX11 expression. In conclusion, the findings of the present study demonstrated that miR-223-3p could be a potential therapeutic for ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: microRNA-130a is an oncomir suppressing the expression of CRMP4 in gastric cancer. Abstract: Gastric cancer is one of the most common causes of death worldwide, although its incidence has steadily declined in recent years. There is strong evidence that aberrantly expressed microRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in gastric cancer tumorigenesis. Furthermore,CRMP4is closely associated with the occurrence and development of gastric cancer, and our predictions suggest that miR-130a, which can promote gastric cancer tumorigenesis, is a potentialCRMP4regulator. In this study, we investigated the expression ofCRMP4and miR-130a in human gastric cancer cell lines by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blot (WB) examination and direct interactions between miR-130a andCRMP4by dual-luciferase reporter assay. We also evaluated the biological roles of miR-130a andCRMP4in gastric cancer cells by flow cytometry, MTT assay, soft agar colony formation assay, and Transwell tests and confirmedCRMP4function in vivo, using a tumor xenograft model. Our results demonstrated thatCRMP4expression was significantly decreased at both the gene and protein levels, while miR-130a expression was notably increased, in five human gastric cancer cell lines compared with human gastric epithelial cells. Dual-luciferase reporter assays indicated thatCRMP4was the direct target of miR-130a. Moreover, an inverse regulatory relationship between miR-130a andCRMP4was verified by qRT-PCR and WB, and overexpression of miR-130a in BGC823 cells enhanced apoptosis and cell proliferation, arrested the cell cycle in G0/G1, and facilitated cell colony formation, invasion, migration, and adhesion, while upregulation ofCRMP4had opposite effects. Finally, the growth and weight of transplanted tumors derived from BGC823 cells in whichCRMP4was knocked down were remarkably reduced. These data indicate that miR-130a is an oncomir targetingCRMP4and could be developed as a potential prognostic factor and a novel therapeutic target in gastric cancer."	1
"Title: MiR-30b-5p functions as a tumor suppressor in cell proliferation, metastasis and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition by targeting G-protein subunit ?-13 in renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: Increasing evidence has demonstrated that aberrant microRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the pathogenesis of most human malignancies. The purpose of this study was to explore the role of miR-30b-5p in human RCC. In the current study, we firstly found that the expression levels of miR-30b-5p were lower in both RCC tissues and cell lines. Then, we found that enforced miR-30b-5p expression and knockdown of GNA13 significantly suppressed the proliferation, invasion, migration and EMT of RCC cell lines. In addition, miR-30b-5p directly targeted GNA13 and repressed its expression. Furthermore, re-expression of GNA13 (without the 3'-UTR) could partially abrogate the miR-30b-5p-induced cell proliferation and metastasis inhibition. Taken together, these findings indicated that miR-30b-5p acts as a novel tumor suppressor to regulate RCC cell proliferation, metastasis and EMT through downregulation of GNA13 expression. Therefore, miR-30b-5p may be considered a potential biomarker for the diagnosis of RCC."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA PCAT-1 over-expression promotes proliferation and metastasis in gastric cancer cells through regulating CDKN1A. Abstract: Prostate cancer-associated transcript1 (PCAT-1) is a novel lncRNA that involved in cell apoptosis and proliferation of prostate cancer. However, the role of PCAT-1 on gastric cancer remains unclear. In the present study, we found that PCAT-1 was increased in gastric cancer tissues and cell lines. Over-expression of PCAT-1 was correlated with poor overall survival in gastric cancer patients. PCAT-1 knockdown through shRNA in AGS and MGC-803 cells inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion by regulating CDKN1A. Our data suggested that PCAT-1 could play an oncogenic role in gastric cancer progression. Silencing PCAT-1 is a potential novel therapeutic approach for gastric cancer."	1
"Title: IRF2-INPP4B axis participates in the development of acute myeloid leukemia by regulating cell growth and survival. Abstract: Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a highly heterogeneous disease, which results in the fact that patient management has remained disappointingly uniform. Therefore, the molecular mechanism underlying AML needs to be further investigated. Here in this study, we identify the interferon-regulatory factor 2 (IRF2) as a novel regulator in human AML. We show that IRF2 knockdown inhibits growth, colony formation of OCI/AML-2, OCI/AML-3, and THP-1 cells. In addition, IRF2 knockdown induces apoptosis of AML cells by regulating the apoptotic effectors Bcl-2, Bax and Caspase 3. Further mechanism analysis shows that inositol polyphosphate-4-phosphatase, type-II (INPP4B) contributes to the effects of IRF2 on apoptosis and growth of AML cells. IRF2 binds INPP4B promoter and promotes INPP4B expression in AML cells. Restoration of the expression of INPP4B blocks the effects of IRF2 knockdown on apoptosis and colony formation in OCI/AML-2 and OCI/AML-3 cells. In conclusion, IRF2 serves as an important regulator in AML by targeting INPP4B. Therefore, IRF2 may be a potential target for AML treatment."	1
"Title: Prognostic significance of SOCS3 and its biological function in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is a common malignant tumor, in which the inflammatory microenvironment plays an important role. STAT3 signaling pathway is regarded as the ""bridge"" between inflammation and cancer, and involved in the development of CRC. SOCS3 is a key negative feedback regulator of JAK/STAT signaling pathway. Studies about SOCS3 gene in CRC are rarely reported. The purpose of this study is to determine the expression of SOCS3 in CRC tissue and its correlation with the clinical pathological characteristics and prognosis of colorectal cancers. The effects of SOCS3 on biological behavior such as apoptosis, proliferation, migration, invasion and tumor formation in nude mice were studied. We observed that SOCS3 expression was down-regulated in CRC tissues, while IL-6, pSTAT3 were up-regulated. Inflammatory cytokines IL-6 can promote the expression of STAT3 signaling pathways while inhibit the expression of SOCS3 by promoting hypermethylation of SOCS3 gene promoters. 5-Aza-cdR treatment can reverse IL-6/STAT3 signaling pathway mediated down-regulation of SOCS3 in colorectal cancer cells. Low expression of SOCS3 was correlated with lymph node metastasis and advanced clinical stage. Patients with high expression of SOCS3 in colorectal cancers often indicated a relatively good prognosis. Overexpression of SOCS3 inhibited proliferation, migration, invasion and tumorigenic ability of CRC cells while increased cell apoptosis. This study demonstrated that IL-6/STAT3 signaling activation negatively regulated SOCS3 expression, which led to imbalance and sustained activation of STAT3 signaling pathway. Reduced expression of SOCS3 promoted the growth and metastasis of colorectal cancer. Thus, targeting IL-6/STAT3/SOCS3 signaling pathway may become an important treatment strategy of colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: ICT1 predicts a poor survival and correlated with cell proliferation in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Abstract: Immature colon carcinoma transcript-1 (ICT1) is a crucial member of the large mitoribosomal subunit in mitochondrial ribosome, which has been shown to be closely related to tumorigenesis. Its expression and function in human diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), however, remained elusive. In this study, analysis of public available Oncomine database suggested that the expression levels of ICT1 mRNA was significantly upregulated in DLBCL tissues. Consistently, we described ICT1 was remarkably upregulated in fresh DLBCL samples compared with the corresponding normal tissues using quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blotting. Moreover, ICT1 overexpression was associated with the poor overall survival (OS) of DLBCL patients. Finally, we used DLBCL cell lines to further probe the potential mechanisms, and found shRNA-mediated knockdown of ICT1 significantly suppressed DLBCL cell proliferation, induced cell cycle arrest at G0/G1 phase and apoptosis in vitro. Further verification showed that inhibition of ICT1 gene expression caused the upregulation of the p21, Bad and caspase-3, and downregulation of PCNA, Survivin, CDK4, CDK6 and Cyclin D1. Taken together, this study suggested that ICT1 may play an oncogenic role in human DLBCL by promoting cell proliferation and it might be a biomarker of unfavorable prognosis in DLBCL patients."	1
"Title: Systemic analysis of different colorectal cancer cell lines and TCGA datasets identified IGF-1R/EGFR-PPAR-CASPASE axis as important indicator for radiotherapy sensitivity. Abstract: Insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF-1R) is proved to contribute the development of many types of cancers. But, little is known about its roles in radio-resistance of colorectal cancer (CRC). Here, we demonstrated that low IGF-1R expression value was associated with the better radiotherapy sensitivity of CRC. Besides, through Quantitative Real-time PCR (qRT-PCR), the elevated expression value of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was observed in CRC cell lines (HT29, RKO) with high radio-sensitivity compared with those with low sensitivity (SW480, LOVO). The irradiation induced apoptosis rates of wild type and EGFR agonist (EGF) or IGF-1R inhibitor (NVP-ADW742) treated HT29 and SW480 cells were quantified by flow cytometry. As a result, the apoptosis rate of EGF and NVP-ADW742 treated HT29 cells was significantly higher than that of those wild type ones, which indicated that high EGFR and low IGF-1R expression level in CRC was associated with the high sensitivity to radiotherapy. We next conducted systemic bioinformatics analysis of genome-wide expression profiles of CRC samples from the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA). Differential expression analysis between IGF-1R and EGFR abnormal CRC samples, i.e. CRC samples with higher IGF-1R and lower EGFR expression levels based on their median expression values, and the rest of CRC samples identified potential genes contribute to radiotherapy sensitivity. Functional enrichment of analysis of those differential expression genes (DEGs) in the Database for Annotation, Visualization and Integrated Discovery (DAVID) indicated PPAR signaling pathway as an important pathway for the radio-resistance of CRC. Our study identified the potential biomarkers for the rational selection of radiotherapy for CRC patients."	1
"Title: Novel variant of OCT4B4 is differentially expressed in human embryonic stem and embryonic carcinoma cells. Abstract: POU domain proteins are an important family of transcription factors that regulates cell type-specific gene expression. One of the most crucial members of this family that maintains pluripotency and self-renewal of embryonic stem cells is POU5F1/OCT4. The OCT4 gene can generate several variants under different situations/cell types includes OCT4A that is the major factor sustains pluripotency in embryonic stem and embryonic carcinoma cells, and also OCT4B and OCT4B1, which are transcribed from a different potential promoter located in intron1 and are expressed in various tissues and cell types. In present study, during expression check of OCT4B1 in embryonic carcinoma cells (NT2), we discovered a novel OCT4 transcript for the first time and designated it as OCT4B4. This variant is expressed in various human pluripotent cells and its expression is down-regulated upon induction of differentiation. Moreover, knocking down of OCT4B4 by shRNA resulted in increased accumulation of transfected cells in G0/G1 phase compared to the mock-transfected control cells."	1
"Title: Annexin A2 contributes to cisplatin resistance by activation of JNK-p53 pathway in non-small cell lung cancer cells. Abstract: Development of resistance to therapy continues to be a serious clinical problem in lung cancer management. We previously identified that Annexin A2 is significantly up-regulated in cisplatin-resistant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) A549/DDP cells. However, the exact function and molecular mechanism of Annexin A2 in cisplatin resistance of NSCLCs has not been determined. Methods: Western blot and qRT-PCR were performed to analyze the protein and mRNA level of indicated molecules, respectively. Immunohistochemistry was performed to analyze the expression of Annexin A2 in NSCLC tissue samples. MTS assay, Colony formation assays, AnnexinV/PI apoptosis assay, Luciferase Reporter Assay, Chromatin-immunoprecipitation, and nude mice xenograft assay were used to visualize the function of Annexin A2 on cisplatin resistance. Results: Our results demonstrated that knockdown of Annexin A2 increased cisplatin sensitivity of cisplatin-resistant A549/DDP cells both in vitro and in vivo, whereas overexpression of Annexin A2 increased cisplatin resistance of A549, H460 and H1650 cells. Moreover, we found that Annexin A2 enhanced cisplatin resistance via inhibition of cisplatin-induced cell apoptosis. Our studies showed that Annexin A2 suppressed the expression of p53 through activation of JNK/c-Jun signaling, which in turn resulted in a decrease in the expression of p53-regulated apoptotic genes p21, GADD45 and BAX, as well as p53-dependent cell apoptosis. Furthermore, we found that in NSCLC cases that Annexin A2 is highly expressed; it is positively correlated with a poor prognosis, as well as correlated with short disease-free survival for patients who received chemotherapy after surgery. Conclusions: These data suggested that Annexin A2 induces cisplatin resistance of NSCLCs via regulation of JNK/c-Jun/p53 signaling, and provided an evidence that blockade of Annexin A2 could serve as a novel therapeutic approach for overcoming drug resistance in NSCLCs."	1
"Title: Glutathione S-transferase (GSTM1, GSTT1) polymorphisms and JOAG susceptibility: A case control study and meta-analysis in glaucoma. Abstract: Glutathione S transferase (GST) polymorphisms have been considered risk factors for the development of glaucoma. The aim of the present study was to investigate the association of glutathione S-transferase GSTT1 and GSTM1 genotypes with juvenile open-angle glaucoma (JOAG) in Indian patients. Methods: A case-control study was performed to investigate the associations of GSTM1 and GSTT1 in juvenile open-angle glaucoma. The genotype of GSTM1 and GSTT1 were determined in 73 juvenile open-angle glaucoma patients, and 70 controls matched by age and sex by polymerase chain reaction method. We also performed a meta-analysis of sixteen published studies on GSTM1 and GSTT1 and evaluated the association between the GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms and glaucoma (JOAG & POAG). Published literature from PubMed and other databases were retrieved. All studies evaluating the association between GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms and glaucoma (JOAG & POAG) risk were included. Pooled odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were calculated using random- or fixed-effects model. Results: In the present study, we observed there is no association of GSTM1 (OR=0.680; 95% CI=0.323-1.433; p=0.311) or GSTT1 (OR=0.698; 95% CI=0.307-1.586; p=0.391) with JOAG. In the present meta-analysis, significantly increased glaucoma (JOAG & POAG) risk was found among subjects carrying GSTM1 null genotype (OR=1.177; 95% CI=1.028-1.348; p=0.018) but not among subjects carrying GSTT1 deletion genotype (OR=1.186; 95% CI=0.992-1.417; p=0.061). Conclusions: The present case-control study found that GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphism are not associated with JOAG risk in North Indian population. The present meta-analysis suggested that there might be a significant association of GSTM1 null genotype with glaucoma (JOAG & POAG) risk. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study in the world to investigate role of GSTM1 and GSTT1 polymorphisms with JOAG susceptibility. Given the limited sample size, the associations between GST polymorphism and glaucoma risk needs further investigation."	1
"Title: The role of C/EBP? phosphorylation in modulating membrane phospholipids repairing in LPS-induced human lung/bronchial epithelial cells. Abstract: Acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ALI/ARDS) is a common critical emergency with high mortality in clinical practice. The key mechanism of ALI/ARDS is that the excessive inflammatory response damages the integrity of alveolar and bronchial cell membrane and thus affects their basic function. Phospholipids are the main component of cell membranes. Phospholipase A2 (PLA2), which catalyzes the cleavage of membrane phospholipids, is the most important inflammatory mediator of ALI. However, clara cell secretory protein 1 (CCSP1), an endogenous PLA2 inhibitor can increase the self-defense of membrane phospholipids. Thus, CCSP1 up-regulation and PLA2 inhibition constitutes an effective method for ensuring the stability of membrane phospholipids and for the treatment of ALI/ARDS. In the present study, we developed an in vitro model of ALI via lipopolysaccharide (LPS) stimulation of a human bronchial epithelial cell line, BEAS-2B, and assessed the mRNA and protein levels of CCSP1 and PLA2 in the model cells. The results demonstrated LPS induction inhibited the transcription and protein expression of CCSP1, but only the protein level of membrane associated PLA2 was increased, suggesting that in the in vitro ALI model, abnormally regulated CCSP1 transcription plays a crucial role in the damage of cell membrane. To find out the reason that CCSP1 expression was decreased in the ALI model, we predicted, by means of bioinformatics, putative transcription factors which would bind to CCSP1 promoter, examined their background and expression, and found that a transcription factor, CCAAT/enhancer binding protein ? (C/EBP ?), was correlated with the transcription of CCSP1 in the in vitro ALI model, and its phosphorylation in the model was decreased. CHIP-PCR and luciferase reporter assay revealed that C/EBP ? bound to CCSP1 promoter and facilitated its transcription. Therefore, we conclude that there is a C/EBP ?/CCSP1/PLA2 pathway in the in vitro ALI model. The study of underlying mechanism show that the activity of C/EBP ? depends on its phosphorylation:LPS stimulation reduced C/EBP ? phosphorylation and suppressed the transcription of CCSP1 in BEAS-2B cells, which resulted in enhanced PLA2 and the consequent membrane damage. And further study shows that overexpression of CDK2(Cyclindependent kinase 2), promoted the phosphorylation of C/EBP ? and inhibited PLA2 through the C/EBP ?/CCSP1/PLA2 pathway, so as to attenuate membrane damage. The significance of this study lies in that artificial C/EBP ? phosphorylation regulation may ease the membrane damage in ALI and improve membrane repair."	1
"Title: Hypomethylation of BORIS is a promising prognostic biomarker in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: The brother of the regulator of the imprinted site (BORIS), an 11 zinc finger (ZF) protein, is a paralogue of CCCTC-binding factor (CTCF), involves in a few crucial events of chromatin functions, complex transcription regulation during spermatogenesis. As a novel tumor oncogene, abnormal expression of BORIS is observed in human hepatocellular carcinoma, however, the underlying mechanisms remain largely unexplored. In this study, the methylation status of BORIS was tested by methylation specific polymerase chain reaction (MSP) in human HCC cell lines and 43 pairs of tissue specimens. Frequently demethylation of BORIS in HCC was significantly higher than that in the paired adjacent non-tumor tissues (P=0.019), and it was correlated with tumor size (P=0.025) and clinical TNM stage (P=0.035). Patients with hypomethylated BORIS had a shorter disease free survival than those without demethylated BORIS (P=0.006). Further, analyses using Cox regression have indicated that the BORIS demethylation status was an independent risk to the reduced overall survival rate of HCC patients (P=0.035). These findings provide clues to clarify whether the demethylation may lead to activation of the promoter for upregulation expression of BORIS. In conclusions, aberrant BORIS hypomethylation is a promising biomarker for the prognosis of HCC."	1
"Title: Histone methylase MLL1 coordinates with HIF and regulate lncRNA HOTAIR expression under hypoxia. Abstract: Hypoxia signaling plays a critical role in tumor growth, angiogenesis, metastasis cancer, and aging. Under hypoxia, hypoxia-inducible factors (HIFs) are stabilized and they coordinate the process of hypoxia-induced gene expression and cell signaling leading to increased tumor growth. Recent studies indicate that non-coding RNAs which are closely associated with cancer are abnormally expressed under hypoxia. Here, we have investigated the transcriptional regulation of a cancer associated long non-coding RNA (lncRNA), HOTAIR, under hypoxic conditions. Our studies demonstrate that HOTAIR expression is upregulated under hypoxia in colon cancer and several other types of cancer cells. HOTAIR transcription is regulated by HIF1? which binds to the hypoxia response elements (HRE) present in the HOTAIR promoter under hypoxia. HIF1? knockdown results in decreased HOTAIR expression under hypoxia. Along with HIF1?, histone methylases MLL1 and histone acetylase p300 are enriched at the HOTAIR promoter under hypoxia. The levels of H3K4-trimethylation and histone acetylation are also enriched at the HOTAIR promoter. Furthermore, knockdown of MLL1 downregulated the hypoxia-induced HOTAIR expression, indicating key roles of MLL1 in hypoxia-induced HOTAIR expression. Overall, our studies demonstrate that histone methyl-transferase MLL1 coordinates with HIF1? and histone acetyltransferase p300 and regulate hypoxia-induced HOTAIR expression. The hypoxia-induced upregulation of HOTAIR expression may contribute to its roles in tumorigenesis."	1
"Title: miR-141 regulation of EIF4E expression affects docetaxel chemoresistance of non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: The present study investigated the role of miR-141 regulation of eukaryotic initiation factor-4E (EIF4E) expression in docetaxel chemoresistance of human non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The expression of miR-141 in docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs was markedly higher than those of non-docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs. The expression of EIF4E in docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs was markedly lower than those of non-docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs. Downregulation of miR-141 suppressed cell proliferation, induced cell death and increased caspase-3 activity in H1299 or H2009/docetaxel cells. Downregulation of miR-141 also increased the protein expression of EIF4E, VEGF, c-Myc and Bax in H1299 or H2009/docetaxel cells. Conversely, up-regulation of miR-141 promoted cell proliferation, inhibited cell death and caspase-3 activity in H1299 or H2009/docetaxel cell. Upregulation of miR-141 suppressed EIF4E, VEGF, c-Myc protein expression and inhibited Bax in H1299 or H2009/docetaxel cells. Thus, the present study is the first to show the induction of miR-141/EIF4E expression in an acquired model of docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs. This serves as a mechanism of acquired docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs, possibly through direct interactions with VEGF, c-Myc, and Bax, therefore presenting a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of docetaxel chemoresistant patients with NSCLCs."	1
"Title: Suppression of LASP-1 attenuates the carcinogenesis of prostatic cancer cell lines: Key role of the NF-?B pathway. Abstract: Prostate cancer (PCa) is one of the most frequently diagnosed cancers among males worldwide and causes a considerable number of deaths each year. One of the newly explored targets for the development of therapies against PCa is LIM and SH3 protein 1 (LASP-1). In the present study, the function of LASP-1 in the oncogenesis and metastasis of PCa was investigated using a series of in vitro experiments. Moreover, the mechanism through which LASP-1 exerted its effect on the carcinogenesis of PCa was also explored. The expression levels of LASP-1 in clinical PCa specimens were determined both at the mRNA and protein levels. Afterwards, the activity of LASP-1 in human PCa cell lines PC3 and DU145 was inhibited using a short hairpin RNA (shRNA) interfering method. The effects of LASP-1 knockdown on the cell growth, apoptosis, cell cycle distribution, migration and invasion were assessed. It was demonstrated that the expression of LASP-1 was significantly higher in the clinical PCa tissues than the level in the corresponding para-carcinoma tissues. Following the knockdown of the LASP-1 gene in human PCa cell lines, the viability, migration and invasion of the cancer cells were decreased. It was also demonstrated that the change in the cell viability and motile ability were associated with an induction of cell apoptosis and G1 phase cell cycle arrest. Based on the results of the detection of the expression of NF-?B-related factors, it was indicated that LASP-1 may affect the carcinogenesis of PCa through a NF-?B inhibition-dependent manner. Although the detailed explanation of the mechanism of LASP-1 in the carcinogenesis of PCa requires further elucidation, the present study highlights the potential of LASP-1 as a promising therapeutic target to ameliorate the oncogenesis and metastasis of PCa."	1
"Title: miR-503 inhibits proliferation making human hepatocellular carcinoma cells susceptible to 5?fluorouracil by targeting EIF4E. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), a disease that is a major health care issue across the globe, includes the deviant expression of miRNAs in its development, progression, and resistance to treatment. We focused our study on miR?503 expression and its role in HCC. miR?503 was found in HCC tissues and cell lines using quantitative real-time PCR (RT?qPCR). Western blot analyses and the luciferase reporter assay were used to determine the miR?503 potential target in the HCC cells. We used MTT to analyze cell proliferation activity and noted that there was a considerable decrease of miR?503 in HCC tissues and cell lines when measured against the controls. miR?503 upregulation decreased expression of eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4E (EIF4E), and reduced HCC cell proliferation and sensitized HCC cells to anticancer drugs. miR?503 overexpression hindered luciferase activity of EIF4E 3' untranslated region-based reporter construct among HepG2, BEL-7402, and SMMC-7721 cells, revealing that miR?503 may increase sensitivity to therapies at least partially through targeting EIF4E suppression of HCC proliferation."	1
"Title: Silencing of CKIP-1 promotes tumor proliferation and cell adhesion-mediated drug resistance via regulating AKT activity in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. Abstract: Casein kinase 2 interacting protein-1 (CKIP-1; also known as PLEKHO1) is involved in regulating many processes such as cell proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis. CKIP-1 also plays an important role in many types of cancer, such as colon, breast cancer and human osteosarcoma. In the present study, we found that CKIP-1 was reversely associated with the proliferation of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (NHL) and cell adhesion mediated drug resistance (CAM-DR). We demonstrated that knockdown of CKIP-1 promoted the proliferation of NHL cells through interacting with Akt and suppressing Akt phosphorylation. In addition, adhesion of lymphoma cells to fibronectin or stroma cells (HS-5 cells) decreased CKIP-1 expression, which led to the upregulation of Akt phosphorylation. Importantly, we showed that the phosphorylation of Akt was correlated with CAM-DR phenotype in NHL cells. Taken together, the present study shed new light on the molecular mechanism of CAM-DR in NHL and targeting CKIP-1 may be a novel therapeutic target for NHL."	1
"Title: Expression of angiogenic growth factors VEGF, bFGF and ANG1 in colon cancer after bevacizumab treatment in vitro: A potential self-regulating mechanism. Abstract: The present study aimed to examine changes in the expression of angiogenic growth factors in vascular endothelial cells isolated from colon cancer after bevacizumab treatment in vitro, and to explore a potential mechanism of their self-regulation as a possible mechanism for antiangiogenic therapy failure in clinics. Vascular endothelial cells were isolated from tumors of colon cancer patients and transfected with recombinant adeno-associated virus type 2-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) or pGIPZ-VEGF RNA interference in order to upregulate or downregulate VEGF expression. Changes in VEGF expression and its correlation with the expression of angiogenesis-related factors, including basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) and angiopoietin 1 (ANG1), after treatment with bevacizumab in vitro, were investigated. The results showed that in cells with VEGF overexpression, bFGF and ANG1 were downregulated, whereas in cells in which VEGF was knocked down, upregulation of bFGF and ANG1 was detected. In cells treated with bevacizumab, a significant upregulation of VEGF and downregulation of bFGF and ANG1 were observed. Our data indicate that after bevacizumab treatment, a potential self-regulating mechanism of angiogenic growth factors in colon cancer-derived endothelial cells is activated, which may explain why current antiangiogenic therapy with bevacizumab has limited effects in prolonging the survival of colon cancer patients."	1
"Title: Silencing of ANXA3 expression by RNA interference inhibits the proliferation and invasion of breast cancer cells. Abstract: The present study aimed to explore the expression of Annexin A3 (ANXA3) in breast cancer cells and the mechanisms involved in the regulatory effects of ANXA3 on proliferation, invasion and migration of breast cancer cells. Fluorescence quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and western blotting were used to measure the expression of ANXA3 mRNA and protein in two breast cancer cell lines (MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7). Three ANXA3 silencing shRNA plasmids (ANXA3-sh1-3) and one negative control plasmid were constructed, and the Lipofectamine transfection method was used for transfecting human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231. Flow cytometry was used to measure the transfection efficiency. The expression of ANXA3 protein was measured by western blotting. Cell cycle distribution and apoptosis were assessed by flow cytometry. Migration and invasion of the transfected cells were evaluated using wound healing and Transwell assays, respectively. The expression levels of ANXA3 mRNA and protein were significantly higher in the MDA-MB-231 cells than levels in the MCF-7 cells. Western blotting showed that the ANXA3 protein level was significantly lower in the MDA-MB-231-Sh cells than that in the MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-231-NC cells. In addition, the percentage of G0/1 cells and the apoptosis rate were significantly higher, while the cell proliferation rate was significantly lower, in the MDA-MB-231-Sh cells when compared with the MDA-MB-231-NC and MDA-MB-231 cells. The cell migration and invasion abilities were also lower in the MDA-MB-231-Sh cells than these abilities in the MDA-MB-231-NC and MDA-MB-231 cells. The present study investigated the relationships between ANXA3 and proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion of breast cancer cells to elucidate the mechanisms involved in the development, progression, invasion and metastasis of breast cancer."	1
"Title: Trichostatin A increases radiosensitization of tongue squamous cell carcinoma via miR?375. Abstract: Trichostatin A (TSA), a histone deacetylase inhibitor, is used as an anti-carcinogenic and radiosensitizing agent in various cancers. However, the role and mechanism underlying its radiosensitization of tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC) remains unclear. Thus, in this study we aimed to confirm the promotion of miR?375 expression by TSA, and to investigate the effects of TSA and miR?375 in the radiosensitivity of TSCC cells. The results showed that TSA had significant radiosensitizing effects on TSCC cells and miR?375 overexpression had effects similar to TSA in sensitizing these cells to radiotherapy. By contrast, miR?375 knockdown attenuated apoptosis induced by radiation combined with TSA. Mechanistically, the histone acetylation status of the miR?375 promoter region was increased by TSA, resulting in the upregulation of miR?375, which led to a decline of PDK1 and phosphorylated AKT. Taken together, our data suggest that TSA increases the radiosensitization and apoptosis in TSCC cells at least partially via miR?375, and TSA or miR?375 in combination with radiotherapy may provide a valuable approach for the treatment of TSCC."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA TUC338 is functionally involved in sorafenib-sensitized hepatocarcinoma cells by targeting RASAL1. Abstract: Development of novel targeted therapy holds promise for conquering chemotherapy resistance, one of major hurdles in current liver cancer treatment. We found that long non-coding RNA TUC338 is involved in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and sorafenib resistance. HCC cell lines were transfected with siTUC338, then cell proliferation and invasion ability were investigated by MTT and Transwell assay. Sorafenib resistance HepG2 cells were generated to test the role of TUC338 in sorafenib sensitivity. Intratumoral delivering of siTUC338 was used to analyze the sorafenib treatment response in HepG2/Sor xenografts in vivo. Higher levels of TUC338 were found both in HCC tissues and cell lines, knockdown of TUC338 was accompanied with increased expression of RASAL1 in HCC cell line with increased proliferation and invasion ability, knockdown of TUC338 could activate the RASAL1 pathway and inhibit tumor growth genes by directly targeting RASAL1 3'-UTR. Furthermore, knockdown of TUC338 in HepG2 sorafenib sensitized its reaction to the treatment of sorafenib, which was accompanied by increased expression RASAL1; intratumoral delivering of siTUC338 could also restore sorafenib treatment response in HepG2/Sor xenografts in vivo. These findings provide direct evidence that the TUC338/RASAL1 axis might play an essential role in sorafenib-resistance of liver cancer cells, suggesting the signaling cohort could serve as a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of chemotherapy resistant liver cancer."	1
"Title: Suberoyl bis-hydroxamic acid activates Notch1 signaling and induces apoptosis in anaplastic thyroid carcinoma through p53. Abstract: Anaplastic thyroid cancer (ATC), usually derived from well-differentiated thyroid cancers is one of the most lethal human endocrine malignancies. In the present study, we report that in human ATC tumor tissue samples exist undetectable Notch1 and the active Notch1 intracellular domain could not be detected in ATC-CAL-62 cells. Interesting, suberoyl bis-hydroxamic acid (SBHA) administration could induce Notch1 intracellular domain levels in a dose-dependent manner, coupled with the increase of p53 and p21. Furthermore, ectopic expression of Notch1 or deletion of p53 with small-interfering RNA was able to abolish the effects of SBHA to elevation of Notch1 and p53 in ATC cells. As a result, SBHA treatment efficiently induced ATC cell apoptosis. These results indicate that SBHA may play antitumor functions via regulating Notch1/p53 signals, and highlight that SBHA could have clinical potential to benefit the therapy of ATC patients."	1
"Title: miR-20a-directed regulation of BID is associated with the TRAIL sensitivity in colorectal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, non-coding RNAs that play important roles in cancer processes. Although miR-20a has been reported to be altered in a range of cancers, the role of miR-20a in colorectal cancer is not fully characterized, and the relationship between miR-20a dysregulation and the tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (TRAIL) sensitivity is not defined. In the present study, we demonstrated significant upregulation of miR-20a in the serum of colorectal cancer patients, tumor tissues and cell lines by quantitative RT-PCR analysis. Furthermore, we found that the TRAIL-induced apoptosis was associated with the expression level of miR-20a in colorectal cancer. The knockdown of miR-20a by inhibitors increased the antitumor effect of TRAIL via caspase-8 dependent pathway. BID, which is a pro-apoptotic member of the Bcl-2 family, was found to be directly regulated by miR-20a in SW480 cells. The knockdown of miR-20a inhibited the translocation of tBID to the mitochondria, which induced the mitochondrial pathway of apoptosis. Notably, we found that the knockdown of miR-20a also reversed the resistance of TRAIL in established TRAIL-resistant SW480 cells by tBID-mitochondria pathway. Therefore, our results suggest that miR-20a acts as a tumor promoter in colorectal cancer, and the understanding of the miR-20a might be a potential therapeutic target for colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: Pseudolaric acid B inhibits neuroglioma cell proliferation through DNA damage response. Abstract: Human neuroglioma is one of the most common malignant intracranial tumors in neurosurgery, and accounts for more than 50% of all brain cancer cases. Thus, a clinically effective drug with which to treat neuroglioma is urgently required. Pseudolaric acid B (PAB), a diterpene acid isolated from the root and trunk bark of Pseudolarix kaempferi Gordon (Pinaceae), was found to inhibit cell growth in a variety of cancer cell lines, but to date the effect of PAB on neuroglioma remains unclear. MTT analysis confirmed that PAB inhibited neuroglioma A172 cell growth in a time- and dose-dependent manner. In addition, PAB influenced the aggregation of tubulin in A172 cells. Meanwhile following PAB treatment, a higher percentage of cells accumulated in the G2/M phase from 12 to 48 h, while at 36 h, cell cycle slippage into the G0/G1 phase, and at 48 h, slippage into the S phase was observed using flow cytometric analysis. Corresponding protein expression was consistent with the cell cycle alteration as detected by western blotting, and it was speculated that cell cycle slippage was related to reduced effectiveness of PAB which warrants further investigation. Meanwhile PAB induced cell death by regulating p38, ERK and JNK expression and activating the DNA damage response. Therefore, PAB plays an antitumor role in A172 cells, and may be a candidate drug for neuroglioma therapy."	1
"Title: FGF8 promotes cell proliferation and resistance to EGFR inhibitors via upregulation of EGFR in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells. Abstract: Fibroblast growth factor 8 (FGF8), a member of the fibroblast growth factor (FGF) family, is upregulated in several human cancers, including HCC (HCC). Previous studies have demonstrated that FGF8 increased cell growth and invasion of tumor cells. In the present study we investigated whether FGF8 is involved in the cell proliferation and resistance to several drugs in human HCC cells. We stably overexpressed FGF8 by lentiviral transfection. In addition, we also added recombinant FGF8 instead of stably overexpressing FGF8 in human HCC cells. Stable overexpression of FGF8 or exogenous recombinant FGF8 resulted in significantly enhanced cell proliferation in human HCC cells. With the use of CellTiter-Glo assay for the determination of cell viability, we found that FGF8 increased the resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitors in human HCC cells. Additionally, the expression of EGFR was also upregulated by stably overexpressing FGF8 or exogenous recombinant FGF8. Yes-associated protein 1 (YAP1) was reported to upregulate the expression of EGFR. Moreover, we also found that FGF8 increased the expression of YAP1 and knockdown of YAP1 eliminated the upregulation of EGFR and the resistance to EGFR inhibition induced by FGF8. Our study provides evidence that FGF8 plays an important role in the resistance to EGFR inhibition of human HCC cells."	1
"Title: Downregulation of microRNA-196a inhibits human liver cancer cell proliferation and invasion by targeting FOXO1. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the most common type of primary liver cancer in adults and effective therapy for human liver cancer remains a difficult clinical concern. Researchers have demonstrated that microRNAs play important roles in the tumorigenesis and tumor progression of human liver cancer; therefore, regulation of microRNAs may be a new strategy for HCC therapy. MicroRNA-196a (miR-196a) has been reported to be overexpressed in many types of cancers. However, the regulatory effects of miR-196a in human liver cancer are not fully understood. In the present study, we found that miR-196a was overexpressed in human liver cancer cells compared to that observed in normal liver cells. MTT and colony formation assays indicated that downregulation of miR-196a inhibited liver cancer cell proliferation which was due to the induction of cell apoptosis. A mouse model demonstrated that downregulation of miR-196a also inhibited human liver cancer cell migration and invasion in vivo. Further study indicated that FOXO1 is a direct target of miR-196a, and inhibition of FOXO1 promoted human liver cancer cell growth. Taken together, the present study demonstrated that the expression of miR-196a in human liver cancer cells was upregulated; downregulation of miR-196a regulated human liver cancer cell biological functions which could benefit the clinical therapy of human liver cancer in the future."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA MEG3 inhibits cell growth of gliomas by targeting miR-93 and inactivating PI3K/AKT pathway. Abstract: Gliomas are the most common cancers in the brain, accompanied with high morbility, occurrence, disability and mortality. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been proposed as promoter or inhibitor in many cancer processes. Previous findings have indicated that lncRNA-maternally expressed gene 3 (MEG3) is involved in tumorigenesis of several cancers, including glioma. However, the underlying mechanism of MEG3 in glioma remains elusive. In our study, MEG3 was found downregulated in glioma tissues compared with normal brain tissues. Downregulated expression of MEG3 was also detected in two human glioma cell lines (U-251, M059J) compared with normal astrocyte cells. MEG3 was then overexpressed by ligating to a lentiviral vector. Overexpressed MEG3 inhibited the proliferation of U-251 cells, and restrained the expression of proliferation marker proteins Ki67 and proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA). However, cell apoptosis rate of U-251 cells and the expression of apoptosis marker proteins (caspase-3 and caspase-9) were elevated by MEG3. Furthermore, miR-93 was predicted a direct target of lncRNA-MEG3 by bioinformatics analysis. Overexpressed MEG3 counteracted the role of miR-93 in facilitating proliferation and inhibiting apoptosis in U-251 cells. Moreover, MEG3 restained the activation of phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase/protein kinase B (PI3K/AKT) pathway by reducing cytomembrane translocation of AKT. Finally, the in vivo experiment revealed that MEG3 strongly reduced tumor growth, tumor volume and the expression of Ki67 and PCNA. lncRNA-MEG3 also inhibited the level of miR-93 and the expression of PI3K/AKT pathway related proteins in vivo. Taken together, our research indicated a MEG3-miR-93-PI3K-AKT pathway in regulating the growth of glioma, providing a promising therapy for glioma."	1
"Title: Upregulation of GNL3 expression promotes colon cancer cell proliferation, migration, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition via the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. Abstract: G protein nucleolar 3 (GNL3), a nucleolar GTP-binding protein, is highly expressed in progenitor cells, stem cells, and various types of cancer cells. Therefore, it is considered to have an important role in cancer pathogenesis. GNL3 has been reported to play crucial roles in cell proliferation, cell cycle regulation, inhibition of differentiation, ribosome biogenesis, and the maintenance of stemness, genome stability and telomere integrity. Furthermore, GNL3 has recently been shown to be involved in cancer invasion and metastasis. However, the biological significance of GNL3 in the invasion and metastasis of colon cancer remains unclear. This study was performed to address this gap in knowledge. GNL3 expression was upregulated in colon cancer tissue specimens and correlated with tumor differentiation, invasion and metastasis. GNL3 overexpression promoted cell proliferation, invasion, migration and the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in colon cancer cells. Moreover, inhibition of the EMT and the Wnt/??catenin signaling pathway induced by GNL3 knockdown was partially reversed by lithium chloride (LiCl). Based on these data, GNL3 promotes the EMT in colon cancer by activating the Wnt/??catenin signaling pathway. In summary, GNL3 is upregulated in colon cancer and plays an important role in tumor growth, invasion and metastasis. Strategies targeting GNL3 are potential treatments for colon cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-144-3p suppresses tumor growth and angiogenesis by targeting SGK3 in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: In our previous studies, the Illumine Soledad massively parallel signature sequencing of miRNomes in non?tumor and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues revealed that microRNA (miR)-144-3p was significantly downregulated in HCC, but its role in HCC development, especially angiogenesis, remains unclear. In this investigation, we found recovering miR?144?3p expression can significantly suppress the growth, migration and induced angiogenic capacity of HCC cells through both in vivo and in vitro experiments. Moreover, clinical correlation analysis showed that low expression of miR?144?3p was positively correlated to poor disease-free survival (DFS) of HCC patients. Mechanistically, serum and glucocorticoid kinase 3 (SGK3), the putative targets of miR?144?3p, was predicted by Target Scan database and identified to be suppressed by miR?144?3p so that inhibiting the activation of mTOR-VEGF downstream signals was activated by the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)-independent pathway. Hence, we concluded that miR?144?3p, which is frequently downregulated in HCC, can inhibit proliferation, migration and repress angiogenesis by regulating SGK3 activation with PI3K independent signal pathway, and acts as a prognostic factor for HCC patients."	1
"Title: FTO expression is associated with the occurrence of gastric cancer and prognosis. Abstract: Fat mass and obesity associated (FTO) is a protein-coding gene. FTO gene is an obesity related gene, also known as the obesity gene. It has been reported previously that FTO is associated with a variety of malignant cancers, such as breast, thyroid and endometrial cancer. The aim of the present study was investigate the FTO expression of human gastric cancer and to investigate its clinical value. FTO expression was determined by immunohistochemical analysis with tissue microarrays in GC tissues and corresponding adjacent non-tumor tissues. Moreover, the results in protein and mRNA level were confirmed by the real-time PCR and western blot analysis. The relationship between the FTO expression and the pathological characteristics of GC patients was also explored. In addition, by using MTT, clone formation and transwell assays, we studied the effects of FTO expression on biological function of GC cells in vitro. The Kaplan-Meier method and the log-rank test were used to compare the overall survival rate between the FTO high-expression group and the low-expression group. We affirmed repeatedly upregulation of FTO expression in both protein and mRNA levels in GC tissues compared to corresponding adjacent non-tumor tissues. Immunohistochemistry by tissue microarray of FTO expression was remarkably increased in GC tissues (72 of 128, 56.3%) compared with adjacent non-tumor tissues (24 of 62, 38.7%). FTO expression level was closely related to low differentiation (P<0.001), lymph node metastasis (P=0.029). The expression of FTO was positively correlated with TNM stage (P<0.001). the Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that high FTO expression was significantly associated with poor prognosis in GC patients. Downregulation of FTO expression significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion of GC cell lines. On the contrary, overexpression of FTO promoted the proliferation, migration and invasion of GC cell lines. This study indicates that FTO expression may have an important role in promoting the occurrence of GC, and it may be an vital molecular marker in the diagnosis and prognosis of GC patients."	1
"Title: Knockdown of tripartite motif-59 inhibits the malignant processes in human colorectal cancer cells. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to clarify the clinical implication and functional role of tripartite motif-59 (TRIM59) in colorectal carcinoma (CRC) and explore the underlying mechanism of aberrant high expression of TRIM59 in cancer. We validated that TRIM59 was upregulated in CRC samples, and also demonstrated that its upregulation was associated with advanced tumor stage of CRC patients; and its high expression indicated shorter overall survival and faster recurrence. Knockdown of TRIM59 significantly inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Cell cycle analysis showed that TRIM59-depleted cells accumulated in S-phase. In addition, the cell cycle regulators CDC25C, cyclin B1 and cyclin D1 were decreased by TRIM59 siRNA mediated knockdown. Furthermore, the depletion of TRIM59 promoted apoptosis in cell culture as indicated by the cleavage of caspase-3 and PARP when TRIM59 was depleted. These results suggested that TRIM59 is upregulated in human colorectal tumors compared with non-tumor tissues. The level of TRIM59 is correlated with malignant features of CRC and may serve as potential therapeutic and preventive strategies for CRC."	1
"Title: Long non?coding RNA AK001796 contributes to cisplatin resistance of non?small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Cisplatin (DDP)?based chemotherapy is the most widely used therapy for non?small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the existence of chemoresistance has become a major limitation in its efficacy. Long non?coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been shown to be involved in chemotherapy drug resistance. The aim of the present study was to investigate the biological role of lncRNA AK001796 in cisplatin?resistant NSCLC A549/DDP cells. Reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT?qPCR) analysis was performed to monitor the differences in the expression of AK001796 in cisplatin-resistant (A549/DDP) cells and parental A549 cells. Cellular sensitivity to cisplatin and cell viability were examined using an MTT assay. Cell apoptosis and cell cycle distribution were measured using flow cytometry. The expression levels of cell cycle proteins cyclin C (CCNC), baculoviral IAP repeat containing 5 (BIRC5), cyclin?dependent kinase 1 (CDK1) and G2 and S phase?expressed 1 (GTSE1) were assessed using RT?qPCR and western blot analyses. It was found that the expression of AK001796 was increased in A549/DDP cells, compared with that in A549 cells. The knockdown of AK001796 by small interfering RNA reduced cellular cisplatin resistance and cell viability, and resulted in cell?cycle arrest, with a marked increase in the proportion of A549/DDP cells in the G0/G1 phase. By contrast, the knockdown of AK001796 increased the number of apoptotic cancer cells during cisplatin treatment. It was also shown that the knockdown of AK001796 positively induced the expression of cell apoptosis?associated factors, CCNC and BIRC5, and suppressed the expression of cell cycle?associated factors, CDK1 and GTSE5. Taken together, these findings indicated that lncRNA AK001796 increased the resistance of NSCLC cells to cisplatin through regulating cell apoptosis and cell proliferation, and thus provides an attractive therapeutic target for NSCLC."	1
"Title: Downregulation of MACC1 inhibits the viability, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in esophageal carcinoma cells through the phosphatase and tensin homolog/phosphoinositide 3-kinase/protein kinase B signaling pathway. Abstract: As an oncogene, MACC1 serves an important function in cancer progression and metastasis. However, the effect of MACC1 in esophageal carcinoma (EC) remains to be fully understood. The present study assessed the association between MACC1 expression and the progression of EC cells. A small interfering (si)RNA was delivered into EC cells to downregulate MACC1 expression. The MTT assay demonstrated that EC cell viability was reduced by siRNA-MACC1. Decreasing MACC1 expression increased the apoptotic rate of EC cells compared with control cells. Transwell and Matrigel assays demonstrated that EC cell migration and invasion, respectively, were downregulated by siRNA-MACC1. Furthermore, knocking down MACC1 suppressed the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (Akt) signaling pathway by upregulating the expression of phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN), a tumor suppressor. The results of the present study revealed that MACC1 expression affected cellular functions of the EC cells through the PTEN/PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Therefore, MACC1 may potentially serve as a novel biomarker and therapeutic target for EC."	1
"Title: A mutation in NOTCH1 ligand binding region detected in patients with oral squamous cell carcinoma reduces NOTCH1 oncogenic effect. Abstract: NOTCH1 is known as an oncogenic or tumor suppressive gene in solid cancer. NOTCH1 mutations in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) frequently occur near the ligand-binding region. These mutations change the domain structure of this protein and affect the ligand binding activity. When NOTCH1 is activated by ligand binding, NOTCH1 intracellular domain (NICD) is cleaved from the cell membrane. This study investigated the functional change induced by a NOTCH1 mutation detected in OSCC clinical samples using stable transformant analysis. HEK293 cell lines expressing NOTCH1 wild-type (WT cells) or p.A465T NOTCH1 (A465T cells) were established. NOTCH1 expression was analyzed by flow cytometry, western blotting, and immunofluorescence using an anti-human NOTCH1 antibody. mRNA expression levels in WT and A465T cells were determined by quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR). Cell proliferation was analyzed by using cell growth assays and a xenograft tumor assay. Flow cytometry indicated that NOTCH1 expression on the cell membrane was lower in A465T cells than that in WT cells. NOTCH1 and NICD were both detected by western blot in WT and A465T cells. The immunofluorescence signal for NICD was detected in the nucleus of WT cells, while it was localized mainly in the cytoplasm of A465T cells. HES1 and HEY1 mRNA expression levels were lower in A465T than in WT cells. The cell growth of WT cells was significantly higher than that of HEK293 cells (3-fold, P<0.01), while that of A465T cells was significantly lower than that of HEK293 cells (37%, P<0.01). In a xenograft model, the tumor cell implantation rate of WT cells was 80%, while that of A465T cells was 0%. This study indicates that NOTCH1 acts as an oncogene and that the NOTCH1 mutation (p.A465T) in the ligand-binding region causes the loss of tumorigenicity by downregulating the NOTCH1 pathway."	1
"Title: The long non-coding RNA MIAT regulates zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1 expression by sponging miR-150 and promoteing cell invasion in non-small-cell lung cancer. Abstract: The myocardial infarction associated transcript (MIAT), a long non-coding RNA (lncRNA), was originally identified as a candidate gene for myocardial infarction, and was recently shown to participate in the progression of cancer and the process of metastasis. However, the biological role of MIAT and the underlying mechanisms that mediate its role in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remain unclear. Here, we have shown that the expression of MIAT in NSCLC tissues was upregulated. Knockdown of MIAT substantially inhibited the invasive ability of NSCLC cells. Moreover, the knockdown of MIAT significantly downregulated the expression of the zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1 (ZEB1), that was upregulated in NSCLC and that promoted cell invasion. Rather than by direct interactions, we found that MIAT indirectly regulated ZEB1 expression through sponging and suppressing microRNA (miR)-150, which represses ZEB1 and interacts with MIAT in a sequence-specific manner. Thus, MIAT may inhibit ZEB1 expression and promote cell invasion of NSCLC cells via the miR-150/ZEB1 pathway. Taken together, our findings suggested that MIAT plays an oncogenic role in NSCLC through the ZEB1 signaling pathway by sponging miR-150, and MIAT may therefore serve as a valuable prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target for NSCLC."	1
"Title: Dermokine contributes to epithelial-mesenchymal transition through increased activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Dermokine (DMKN) was first identified in relation to skin lesion healing and skin carcinoma. Recently, its expression was associated with pancreatic cancer tumorigenesis, although its involvement remains poorly understood. Herein, we showed that DMKN loss of function in Patu-8988 and PANC-1 pancreatic cancer cell lines resulted in reduced phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3, and increased activation of ERK1/2 and AKT serine/threonine kinase. This decreased the proliferation ability of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cells. In addition, DMKN knockdown decreased the invasion and migration of PDAC cells, partially reversed the epithelial-mesenchymal transition, retarded tumor growth in a xenograft animal model by decreasing the density of microvessels, and attenuated the distant metastasis of human PDAC in a mouse model. Taken together, these data suggested that DMKN could be a potential prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target in pancreatic cancer."	1
"Title: miR106b regulates retinoblastoma Y79 cells through Runx3. Abstract: MicroRNAs are increasingly recognized as important regulators of cancer. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of miR-106b in the regulation of Y79 retinoblastoma. Y79 cells were transfected with antisense oligonucleotides (ASO) against miR-106b (ASO-miR-106b) or ASO-control. After transfection, the levels of miR-106b were monitored with real-time PCR (RT-PCR). The effects of ASO-miR-106b transfection on cell viability was evaluated by Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) analysis at 24, 48 and 72 h after transfection. Subsequently, the cells were stained with Annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide (PI) and subjected to flow cytometry to assess cell apoptosis. Transwell assay was used to analyze cell migration. Changes in Runt-related transcription factor 3 (Runx3) mRNA and proteins levels were also evaluated. miR-106b was downregulated by ASO-miR-106b at 48 and 72 h after transfection, accompanied by a decrease in cell viability and proliferation, as well as an increase in cell apoptosis. Transwell analysis indicated that cells treated with ASO-miR-106b exhibited significantly lower cell migratory abilities. The mRNA and protein level of Runx3 were upregulated after transfection. These results demonstrated that suppression of miR-106b inhibited Y79 cell proliferation and migration. The upregulation of Runx3 after miR-106b suppression ascertained that Runx3 is a tumor-suppressor in retinoblastoma and is a target of miR-106b."	1
"Title: miR-133b acts as a tumor suppressor and negatively regulates ATP citrate lyase via PPAR? in gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) are a class of small noncoding RNAs that negatively regulate protein expression by binding to protein-coding mRNAs and suppressing translation. Accumulating evidence suggests that miRNAs are involved in the development and progression of cancer by regulating cancer metabolism. Meanwhile, the cytosolic enzyme ATP citrate lyase (ACLY) is a promising target in the prevention and treatment of cancer. In the present study we revealed by western blot analysis and reverse transcription?quantitative PCR that miR-133b was downregulated in human gastric cancer (GC) tissues and cell lines, while ACLY was upregulated. The overexpression of miR-133b could decrease the proliferation and invasion of MKN-74 cells by inhibiting the expression and activation of ACLY. Furthermore, the nuclear distribution of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-? (PPAR?) in GC tissues and cell lines was markedly decreased, and overexpression of miR-133b could increase the levels of nuclear PPAR? in MKN-74 cells. Additionally, miR-133b decreased the transcriptional activity of ACLY in a PPAR?-dependent manner, as determined by a dual-luciferase reporter assay. These results indicate that miR-133b targets ACLY and inhibits GC cell proliferation by regulating the expression of PPAR?, suggesting that miR-133b may serve as a tumor-suppressive target in GC therapy."	1
"Title: Regulation of UHRF1 by microRNA-378 modulates medulloblastoma cell proliferation and apoptosis. Abstract: A previous study revealed that ubiquitin-like with PHD and RING finger domains 1 (UHRF1) promoted cell proliferation and was a potential biomarker in medulloblastoma (MB). In the present study, we reported that miR-378 inhibited the expression of UHRF1 to affect the proliferation of MB through competitive binding to the same region of its 3'-UTR. We found that the expression of miR-378 was significantly downregulated in MB tissues and inversely correlated with the expression of UHRF1. Western blot analysis revealed that overexpression of miR-378 led to the suppression of UHRF1. Moreover, a dual-luciferase assay demonstrated that miR-378 negatively regulated the activity of target gene UHRF1 by binding to its 3'-UTR. An in vitro assay revealed that overexpression of miR-378 suppressed MB cell proliferation and promoted cell apoptosis. Ectopic expression of UHRF1 rescued miR-378-suppressed cell proliferation and miR-378-promoted cell apoptosis. Collectively, the present study demonstrated that miR-378 could inhibit the proliferation of MB by downregulation of UHRF1 and act as a potential therapeutic target against MB."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA PCAT-1 contributes to tumorigenesis by regulating FSCN1 via miR-145-5p in prostate cancer. Abstract: Prostate cancer associated lncRNA transcript 1 (PCAT-1) has been identified as an oncogenic long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) in some solid tumors, including prostate cancer (PC). However, the molecular mechanism of PCAT-1 involved in PC is poorly defined. In this study, we found that PCAT-1 expression was up-regulated and miR-145-5p expression was down-regulated in PC tissues and cells. Function analysis indicated that PCAT-1 overexpression promoted proliferation, migration, invasion and inhibited apoptosis of PC cells. Rescue experiments demonstrated that miR-145-5p restoration attenuated the promotive effects of PCAT1 on PC progression, while Fascin-1 (FSCN1) upregulation relieved the anti-cancer role of miR-145-5p in PC. Mechanical analysis discovered that PCAT-1 could act as a miR-145-5p sponge to modulate FSCN1 expression. In conclusion, these findings suggested that PCAT-1 accelerated PC cell proliferation, migration, invasion and suppressed apoptosis by up-regulating FSCN1 mediated via miR-145-5p, hinting a potential therapeutic strategy for PC patients."	1
"Title: miR-181c contributes to cisplatin resistance in non-small cell lung cancer cells by targeting Wnt inhibition factor 1. Abstract: miRNAs are implicated in drug resistance of multiple cancers including non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), highlighting the potential of miRNAs as chemoresistance regulators in cancer treatment. This study aims to explore the relationship between miR-181c and chemoresistance of NSCLC cells. Methods: qRT-PCR was conducted to examine the expression of miR-181c in NSCLC tissues, and parental and cisplatin (DDP)-resistant NSCLC cells. MTT assay and flow cytometry were performed to detect the survival rate and apoptosis in NSCLC cells. Luciferase reporter assay was performed to confirm the potential target of miR-181c. Xenograft tumor experiment was applied to confirm the effect of miR-181c on DDP sensitivity of DDP-resistant NSCLC cells in vivo. Results: miR-181c was upregulated in NSCLC tissues, and parental and DDP-resistant NSCLC cells. miR-181c downregulation or WIF1 overexpression increased DDP sensitivity of DDP-resistant NSCLC cells by decreasing survival rate and promoting DDP-induced apoptosis. miR-181c was demonstrated to be able to bind to WIF1 and negatively regulate the expression of WIF1. WIF1 knockdown abolished anti-miR-181c-induced DDP sensitivity. Moreover, anti-miR-181c suppressed the Wnt/?-catenin pathway by regulating WIF1. XAV939 treatment reversed miR-181c-induced increase in IC50 value and miR-181c-triggered decrease in apoptosis. Finally, anti-miR-181c improved DDP sensitivity of DDP-resistant NSCLC cells in vivo. Conclusion: miR-181c contributed to DDP resistance in NSCLC cells through activation of the Wnt/?-catenin pathway by targeting WIF1, providing a potential therapeutic application for the treatment of patients with DDP-resistant NSCLC in the future."	1
"Title: MiRNA-155 promotes proliferation by targeting caudal-type homeobox 1 (CDX1) in glioma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the tumorigenesis of glioma. Recent studies showed that miR-155 expression was increased in types of cancer, including glioma. However, the underlying mechanism of miR-155 on glioma is still unclear. In the present study, expression of miR-155 and caudal-type homeobox 1 (CDX1) was determined in glioma tissues by qRT-PCR, and the regulatory axis was further studied in glioma cells. We showed that miR-155 expression was significantly increased in glioma tissues while CDX1 expression was decreased. Correlation analysis revealed that miR-155 was negatively correlated with CDX1 expression in glioma tissues. Moreover, Kaplan-Meier analysis indicated that patients with high miR-155 expression had a poor overall survival. In addition, our results showed that the translation of CDX1 expression could be suppressed by miR-155 mimics. And miR-155 mimics promoted glioma cell proliferation could be reversed by CDX1 overexpression. In vivo assay, we showed that miR-155 overexpression promoted the progress of tumor formation. Therefore, we suggested that miR-155 might promote glioma cell growth partially by targeting CDX1, which provided a novel therapeutic strategy for glioma patients."	1
"Title: VEGFR3 inhibition chemosensitizes lung adenocarcinoma A549 cells in the tumor-associated macrophage microenvironment through upregulation of p53 and PTEN. Abstract: In lung adenocarcinoma, loss of p53 and PTEN in tumors are associated with decreased response to chemotherapy and decreased survival. A means to pharmacologically upregulate p53 and PTEN protein expression could improve the prognosis of patients with p53- and PTEN-deficient tumors. In the present study we revealed that vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 3 (VEGFR3) inhibition in lung adenocarcinoma cells was associated with improved expression levels of both p53 and PTEN in the tumor-associated macrophage (TAM) microenvironment. Inhibition of VEGFR3 in lung adenocarcinoma cells was associated with growth arrest and decreased migration and invasion. The upregulation of p53 and PTEN protein expression after VEGFR3 inhibition decreased chemotherapy resistance and improved chemosensitivity in co-cultured A549 cells in which p53 and PTEN expression were decreased. Finally, we demonstrated that TAMs promoted the expression of VEGF-C and its receptor VEGFR3. Western blot analysis revealed the co-cultured A549 cells with TAMs are a primary source of VEGF-C and VEGFR3 in the tumor microenvironment. Our studies revealed that VEGFR3 inhibition may be a pharmacological means to upregulate p53 and PTEN protein expression and improve the outcome of patients with p53- and PTEN-deficient tumors."	1
"Title: Novel transduction of nutrient stress to Notch pathway by RasGRP3 promotes malignant aggressiveness in human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: In the process of enlarging of tumors, the dissolving tissue structures and remodeling endothelial cells for restoring gas exchange and nutritional support, further facilitate tumor cell invasion and metastasis. Activation of Ras plays a critical role in the development of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), but the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood. We therefore investigated whether Ras guanyl-releasing protein 3 (RasGRP3), a Ras activator, could promote metastasis by inducing vascular regeneration and further epithelial-mesenchymal transition under nutrient stress (NS). In the present study, we explored that the accumulation of RasGRP3 regulated vascular endothelial growth factor-A production, co-stimulated Notch pathway with high expression of Notch intracellular domain (NICD) and Hes1. Moreover, ESCC cells under NS increased the expression of vimentin, Snail, Slug and MMP9 proteins; while inhibition of Notch activation by DAPT (a ?-secretase inhibitor) or RasGRP3-targeted RNA interference prevented from the effect. In conclusion, these findings provide a new insight into the upregulation of RasGRP3 involved in Notch pathway activation in the development of ESCC, especially under nutrient deprivation."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?337 inhibits colorectal cancer progression by directly targeting KRAS and suppressing the AKT and ERK pathways. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer and the fourth most common cause of cancer-related death worldwide. Tumour progression and development in CRC is a multi-step process involving a large number of genetic and epigenetic alterations. Previous studies indicated that abnormally expressed microRNAs play critical roles in CRC through regulation of oncogenic and tumour-suppressor genes. Hence, determination of the function of microRNAs may provide novel therapeutic targets for CRC diagnosis and treatments. MicroRNA?337 (miR?337) has been reported to be downregulated in several cancer types. However, the expression, function and underlying mechanisms of miR?337 in CRC have not been clearly elucidated. In this study, miR?337 was significantly decreased in CRC tissues and cell lines. Low miR?337 expression level was correlated with lymph node metastasis, distant metastasis and TNM stage of CRC patients. In addition, upregulation of miR?337 suppressed cell proliferation and invasion and promoted apoptosis in CRC. Based on bioinformatics analysis, we assumed that Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (KRAS) was directly modulated by miR?337 in CRC. Luciferase reporter assay demonstrated the direct interaction between miR?337 and 3'?UTR of KRAS mRNA. Furthermore, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis indicated that miR?337 could negatively regulate endogenous KRAS expression in CRC cells at both mRNA and protein levels. Moreover, KRAS was highly expressed in CRC tissues and inversely correlated with miR?337 expression in CRC tissues. KRAS knockdown recapitulates effects similar to those induced by miR?337 overexpression in CRC cells, whereas KRAS overexpression partially restored the tumour suppressive effects of miR?337. Besides, ectopic expression of miR?337 inactivates the AKT and ERK signalling pathways in CRC. These results suggested that miR?337 may act as a tumour suppressor during the process of CRC malignant transformation by interacting with KRAS."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-345 inhibits metastasis and epithelial-mesenchymal transition of gastric cancer by targeting FOXQ1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a group of critical players in gastric cancer (GC). Among numerous cancer-related miRNAs, the expression level and functional role of miR-345 in GC has not been investigated. This study showed that miR-345 expression was decreased in GC. Decreased expression level of miR-345 was associated with occurrence of lymph metastasis and advanced TNM stage of GC patients. Patients with low expression level of miR-345 had reduced overall survival (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS). In vitro experiments showed that miR-345 could inhibit the migration and invasion of GC cells. In vivo experiments showed that miR-345 knockdown could promote lung metastasis of GC cells in nude mice. miR-345 was found to prevent the metastasis by inhibiting epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of GC cells. Furthermore, FOXQ1 was confirmed to be the downstream target of miR-345 in GC cells. Forced expression of FOXQ1 could reverse the inhibitory effects of miR-345 on GC metastasis, while knockdown of FOXQ1 prevented the promoting effects of miR-345 knockdown on GC metastasis. In summary, this study demonstrates miR-345 is a promising biomarker and therapeutic target in GC."	1
"Title: Decreased expression of the augmenter of liver regeneration results in growth inhibition and increased chemosensitivity of acute T lymphoblastic leukemia cells. Abstract: Augmenter of liver regeneration (ALR) plays crucial roles in cell survival and growth. Previous studies have demonstrated that ALR exerts a protective effect on toxic agent?induced cell death in acute T lymphoblastic leukemia cells and ALR knockdown can sensitize cancer cells to radiation. However, the biological functions of ALR against drug resistance in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia are mostly unknown. In the present study, we investigated the effect of small interfering RNA (siRNA)-induced ALR silencing on cell proliferation and sensitivity to vincristine (VCR) of Jurkat cells. We found that ALR siRNA effectively decreased the ALR expression, then inhibited cell growth and increased sensitivity to VCR in Jurkat cells. Flow cytometry assay revealed that the downregulation of ALR expression promoted cell apoptosis and regulated cell cycle distribution. Following incubation with VCR, apoptosis-related proteins, such as pro-PARP, pro-caspase 8, pro-caspase 3 and Bcl-2 were downregulated in the siRNA/ALR group. Pretreatment with siRNA/ALR in combination with VCR resulted in prolonged G2/M arrest, accompanied by downregulation of cdc25c and cdc2 expression and dissociation of cyclin B1. In conclusion, the results of this study demonstrated that targeted inhibition of the ALR expression in Jurkat cells triggered cell growth inhibition and sensitized cells to VCR via promoting apoptosis and regulating the cell cycle."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-154 as a prognostic factor in bladder cancer inhibits cellular malignancy by targeting RSF1 and RUNX2. Abstract: Recent studies have demonstrated that microRNA-154 (miR-154) is involved in tumorigenesis, progression, invasion and metastasis in several types of human cancer. However, whether it plays a role in bladder cancer (BC) is unclear. The aim of the present study was to determine miR-154 levels in human BC tissues and investigate the correlation between miR-154 levels and clinicopathological characteristics as well as patient outcome. Using RT-qPCR, we found that the expression levels of miR-154 were significantly lower in BC tissues compared to adjacent normal tissues. We also demonstrated that downregulation of miR-154 was associated with advanced clinicopathological features and worse prognoses for patients with BC. Using a variety of integrated approaches, we demonstrated that both runt-related transcription factor 2 (RUNX2) and remodeling and spacing factor 1 (RSF1) were miR-154 targets. Notably, there was an inverse correlation between RSF1, RUNX2 and miR-154 expression in BC tissues. The biological functions of miR-154 were examined in vitro using Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), wound healing, and Transwell assays with T24 human bladder carcinoma cells transfected with miR-154 mimics or negative controls. These assays demonstrated that miR-154 significantly suppressed proliferation, migration and invasion of T24 cells (P<0.05). Furthermore, overexpression of RSF1 and RUNX2 rescued miR-154-induced inhibition of these aggressive behaviors. Our results indicated that miR-154, and its downstream targets RSF1 and RUNX2, are promising options for future BC therapies."	1
"Title: Suppression of STIM1 inhibits the migration and invasion of human prostate cancer cells and is associated with PI3K/Akt signaling inactivation. Abstract: Store-operated calcium entry (SOCE) plays an important role in the invasion and migration of cancer cells. Stromal-interacting molecule 1 (STIM1) is a critical component in the SOCE. STIM1 has been attracting more and more attention due to its oncogenic potential. STIM1 inhibition suppresses cell proliferation, migration and invasion in a variety of cancer models both in vitro and in vivo. However, the role of STIM1 in prostate carcinogenesis, in particular, in tumor migration and invasion is unclear. Herein, we downregulated STIM1 in prostate cancer cells by lentivirus-mediated short hairpin (shRNA), and then studied its impacts on cell migration and invasion. We found that migration and invasion of prostate cancer cells were significantly inhibited after the suppression of STIM1. Furthermore, we demonstrated that the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway was inactivated by STIM1 knockdown. The PI3K inhibitor LY294002 synergized with STIM1 knockdown to inhibit cell motility. Our results revealed that STIM1 may act as a novel regulator to promote migration and invasion of prostate cancer cells and is associated with the activation of the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway."	1
"Title: miR?146b?5p suppresses glioblastoma cell resistance to temozolomide through targeting TRAF6. Abstract: Temozolomide (TMZ), as a kind of alkylating agent, is widely utilized for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM). However, temozolomide resistance (TR) often develops quickly and results in tumor recurrence and poor outcome. Recent advances have demonstrated that miRNAs exert critical roles in chemoresistance. Downregulation of miR?146b?5p promotes glioma cell proliferation, reduces apoptosis, and correlates with poor survival of patients. Nonetheless, the function of miR?146b?5p in temozolomide resistance remains unclear. In the present study, we successfully generated U87 and U251?TR cells, and found that miR?146b?5p was downregulated in TR cells. Overexpression of miR?146b?5p restored sensitivity of U87/U251?TR cells to TMZ by targeting tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 (TRAF6). The levels of TRAF6 were inversely related to miR?146b?5p levels, and overexpression of TRAF6 in miR?146b?5p?OE cells enhanced the resistance against TMZ. Moreover, temozolomide-resistant GBM cells had a higher level of phosphorylated protein kinase B (AKT) and P65. Overexpression of miR?146b?5p or TRAF6 knockdown significantly decreased the level of p?AKT and p?p65. Collectively, our data demonstrated that miR?146b?5p, as a tumor suppressor, mediated temozolomide resistance in GBM cells through negatively regulating TRAF6 expression, indicating that miR?146b?5p and its targeted genes would be potential therapeutic targets for glioma therapy."	1
"Title: SNHG15 affects the growth of glioma microvascular endothelial cells by negatively regulating miR-153. Abstract: Malignant glioma, the most common intracranial primary tumor, is characterized by increased angiogenesis. Accumulating evidence has shown that long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) play an important role in a variety of biological behaviors of tumors. However, the role of lncRNAs in the regulation of glioma vascular endothelial cell function remains to be investigated. To simulate the glioma microenvironment, we applied glioma conditioned medium (GCM) to human cerebral microvascular endothelial cells (hCMECs). In the present study, the lncRNA SNHG15 was found to be highly expressed in glioma vascular endothelial cells. Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), migration and tube formation assays demonstrated that knockdown of SNHG15 inhibited glioma vascular endothelial cell proliferation, migration and tube formation in vitro. Furthermore, knockdown of SNHG15 downregulated the expression of VEGFA and Cdc42, which are known to promote angiogenesis. Bioinformatics software and dual-luciferase system analysis confirmed that SNHG15 affected endothelial cell function by targeting miR-153. Additionally, the present study showed that miR-153 targeted the 3'?untranslated region of VEGFA and Cdc42 and downregulated their expression. In conclusion, knockdown of SNHG15 downregulated the expression of VEGFA and Cdc42 by targeting miR-153, consequently suppressing glioma vascular endothelial cell proliferation, migration and tube formation. Therefore, SNHG15 and miR-153 are new potential therapeutic targets for anti-angiogenesis treatment of glioma."	1
"Title: miR-146a and miR-146b in the diagnosis and prognosis of papillary thyroid carcinoma. Abstract: The present study investigated the relationship between the expression of miR-146a and miR?146b with the occurrence and prognosis of papillary thyroid carcinoma. Experiments in vitro were also used to explore the effect of the knocked down expression of the miRNAs on growth and migration of papillary thyroid carcinoma cells. A total of 73 patients with papillary thyroid carcinoma admitted to Yidu Central Hospital of Weifang from September 2013 to September 2015 were enrolled in the study. Carcinoma samples were obtained from each patient, and adjacent tissues were used as control samples to determine expression levels of miR-146a and miR146b by semi-quantitative RT-PCR. An analysis was conducted to find possible correlations between the miRNAs expression levels and clinicopathological features in the patients followed up for one year after diagnosis. Additionally, to examine the function of miR-146a and miR?146b on TPC-1 cells, the expression of miRNAs was knocked down using specific siRNAs. MTT and Transwell assays were used to evaluate cell proliferation and migration, respectively, in the miRNA cell lines. Finally, western blot analysis was used to analyze the expression of IRAK1 in PTC cancer cells. Our results showed that the expression levels of miR-146a and miR-146b in carcinoma tissues were significantly higher than the levels in cancer-free tissues (p<0.01). The relative expression levels of miR-146a and miR-146b in cancerous tissues could be associated with the pathological type and presence or absence of lymph node metastasis (p<0.05). Compared with the siRNA-control cell, MTT and Transwell assays showed that the cell growth and migration of TPC-1 cells were decreased in miR-146a and miR-146b low expression cells (p<0.01). Western blot analysis showed that the expression of IRAK1 in papillary thyroid carcinoma was higher than in adjacent tissue (p<0.01). Based on our findings, the expression of miR-146a and miR-146b correlates with the occurrence and prognosis of papillary thyroid carcinoma, and the expression levels of miR-146a and miR-146b seem to affect the cell proliferation and migration and regulate the expression of IRAK1 protein in cancer cells. Further studies are needed to validate our results to provide new targets for prevention and treatment of papillary thyroid carcinoma."	1
"Title: SP1 promotes tumor angiogenesis and invasion by activating VEGF expression in an acquired trastuzumab?resistant ovarian cancer model. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most common gynecologic cancers and the leading cause of mortality in women worldwide. HER2/neu is overexpressed in various types of cancers and is most commonly associated with decreased survival. Trastuzumab is a humanized anti-HER2 monoclonal antibody for the treatment of HER2-positive breast cancers. However, primary and/or acquired resistance occurs in up to 62% patients during the first year of treatment. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is a well?known angiogenesis factor involved in many physiological and pathological processes. Its significance has been implicated in promoting tumor growth and metastasis via angiogenesis. In the present study, we demonstrated that the upregulation of SP1 enhanced expression of VEGF promoting the angiogenesis and migration of trastuzumab-resistant ovarian cancer cell line SKOV3-T. Our in vitro and in vivo results both gave evidence that the SP1-VEGF axis was responsible for the enhanced malignancy, angiogenesis and migration in the acquired trastuzumab-resistant ovarian cancer cell model."	1
"Title: Leptin induces ROS via NOX5 in healthy and neoplastic mammary epithelial cells. Abstract: NADPH oxidase (NOX) complexes (a family of seven isoforms) drive cellular ROS production in patho-logical processes such as cancer. NOX-driven ROS production is involved in cell mechanisms from signalling to oxidative stress. Leptin, an adipokine overexpressed in obese patients, has been investigated in studies on breast carcinogenesis, but its effects on oxidative stress remain largely unexplored, especially in breast cancer. The study used three human mammary epithelial cell models presenting different neoplastic status (healthy primary HMECs, neoplastic MCF-7 cells and neoplastic MDA-MB-231 cells) to determine the effects of leptin on short-term ROS production and to characterize the enzymes involved. All three cell models significantly expressed NADPH oxidase isoform 5 (NOX5) in our culture conditions. All models showed induced ROS production regardless of leptin concentration (10 ng/ml mimicking good health, 100 ng/ml mimicking obesity). Cell treatment with either siRNA against NOX5, NOX inhibitor DPI or a calcium channel blocker (verapamil) confirmed the putative involvement of the NOX5 isoenzyme in ROS production. Moreover, cell treatments suppressed ROS production under leptin at both concentrations. Neoplastic cells appeared unable to downregulate NOX5 mRNA expression under leptin. Leptin emerged as a potential activator of ROS production in human epithelial mammary cells, where the ROS production was apparently linked to NOX5 activation. This novel finding could shed light on the potential role of obesity-associated hyperleptinemia in mammary cells via the activation of NOX enzymes."	1
"Title: PADI2-Mediated Citrullination Promotes Prostate Cancer Progression. Abstract: Onset of castration-resistance prostate cancer (CRPC) after long-term androgen deprivation therapy remains a major obstacle in the treatment of prostate cancer. The peptidylarginine deiminase PADI2 has been implicated in chronic inflammatory diseases and cancer. Here we show thatPADI2is an androgen-repressed gene and is upregulated in CRPC. PADI2 expression was required for survival and cell-cycle progression of prostate cancer cells, and PADI2 promoted proliferation of prostate cancer cells under androgen-deprived or castration conditionsin vitroandin vivoCytoplasmic PADI2 protected the androgen receptor (AR) against proteasome-mediated degradation and facilitated AR binding to its target genes after nuclear translocation and citrullination of histone H3 amino acid residue R26. In contrast, mutant PADI2 D180A failed to affect AR stability, nuclear translocation, or transcriptional activity. PADI2 mediated AR control in a manner dependent on its enzymatic activity and nuclear localization, as correlated with increased histone H3 citrullination. Notably, coadministration of the PADI inhibitor Cl-Amidine and the AR signaling inhibitor enzalutamide synergized in inhibiting CRPC cell proliferationin vitroand tumor growthin vivoOverall, our results establish PADI2 as a key mediator for AR in prostate cancer progression, especially CRPC, and they suggest PADI as novel therapeutic targets in this disease setting.Cancer Res; 77(21); 5755-68. ©2017 AACR."	1
"Title: miR-145 targets the SOX11 3'UTR to suppress endometrial cancer growth. Abstract: To explore the functions ofSOX(Sex determining Region Y-related HMG-box) family genes in endometrial cancer (EC) and determine the influence of miR-145/SOX11on EC cell functions. The relationship between miR-145 andSOX11was confirmed using TargetScan, miRNA databases and dual-luciferase reporter gene assays. The expression ofSOX11mRNA in tissue specimens was examined using RT-qPCR, whileSOX11protein expression in tissues and cell lines were detected through immunohistochemistry (IHC) and western blotting. After transfection using Lipofectamine 2000, the proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis of ECC-1 and HEC-1-A cells were assessed through colony formation, transwell and flow cytometry assays. The correlation ofSOX11expression with the prognosis outcomes of patients was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier analysis and the log-rank test.SOX11showed high expression in EC, which is negatively correlated with a poor prognostic outcome of EC patients. The expression of miR-145 was lower in EC tissues than in adjacent tissues. MiR-145 significantly reduced the expression ofSOX11. In ECC-1 cells, miR-145 suppressed the propagation, migration, and invasion of cells and promoted cell apoptosis. MiR-145 also inhibited the proliferation, migration, and invasion of HEC-1-A cells and facilitated cell apoptosis by inhibitingSOX11. MiR-145 targeted site 3 (3615) of theSOX113'UTR to affect the expression ofSOX11. MiR-145 and its target geneSOX11could serve as diagnostic markers for EC. MiR-145 targets theSOX113'UTR to inhibit its expression and suppress the propagation and metastasis of EC cells."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-429 sensitizes pancreatic cancer cells to gemcitabine through regulation of PDCD4. Abstract: One of the features for pancreatic cancer is that it is often resistant to chemotherapy treatment, which is one of the major hindrances in the treatment of this malignancy. Previous studies indicated that the microRNAs (miRNAs) could mediate resistance of tumor cells to chemotherapy drug in the cancer progression. In the present study, we are aimed to examine whether microRNA-429 was involved in mediating the chemo-resistance of pancreatic cancer cells to gemcitabine. Firstly, a gemcitabine-resistant pancreatic cancer cell line (SW1990/GZ) derived from cell line (SW1990) was constructed and found to possess a decreased expression of miR-429 when it is compared to the original cell line. Ectopic expression of miR-429 in SW1990/GZ increased the cellular sensibility to the treatment of gemcitabine, which is coincided with increased expression of PDCD4. As a tumor suppressor, we found that PDCD4 knockdown in SW1990/GZ cells increased its own chemo-resistance to GZ, which indicates PDCD4 also play a regulative role on the GZ-resistance in the pancreatic cancer. To further confirm the function of miR-429 and PDCD4 in gemcitabine-resistant pancreatic cancer, a xenograft nude mouse model was utilized to examine whether miR-429 can restore treatment response of gemcitabine in gemcitabine-resistant xenografts, while protein levels of PDCD4 were up-regulated. Together with those results, these findings collectively provided that miR-429 could enhancer GZ sensitivity via regulation of PDCD4 expression in pancreatic cancer cells, which may offer a novel therapeutic target for the chemotherapy resistance in pancreatic cancer."	1
"Title: FGF1 and IGF1-conditioned 3D culture system promoted the amplification and cancer stemness of lung cancer cells. Abstract: Lung cancer stem cells (LCSCs) are considered as the cellular origins of metastasis and relapse of lung cancer. However, routine two-dimensional culture system (2D-culture) hardly mimics the growth and functions of LCSCs in vivo and therefore significantly decreases the stemness activity of LCSCs. In this study, we constructed a special BME-based three-dimensional culture system (3D-culture) to amplify LCSCs in human lung adenocarcinoma cell line A549 cells and found 3D-culture promoted the enrichment and amplification of LCSCs in A549 cells displaying higher proliferation potential and invasion activity, but lower apoptosis. The expression and secretion levels of FGF1 and IGF1 were dramatically elevated in 3D-culture compared to 2D-culture. After growing in FGF1 and IGF1-conditioned 3D-culture, the proportion of LCSCs with specific stemness phenotypes in A549 cells significantly increased compared to that in conventional 3D suspension culture system. Further results indicated that FGF1 and IGF1 promoted the amplification and cancer stemness of LCSCs dependent on MAPK signaling pathway. Our data firstly established a growth factors-conditioned 3D-culture for LCSCs and demonstrated the effects of FGF1 and IGF1 in promoting the enrichment and amplification of LCSCs which might provide a feasible cell model in vitro for both mechanism study and translational research on lung cancer."	1
"Title: Formyl peptide receptor 2 expression predicts poor prognosis and promotes invasion and metastasis in epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Formyl peptide receptor 2 (FPR2) has been identified as a member of the G protein-coupled chemoattractant receptor (GPCR) family and has been implicated as playing a role in both inflammation and cancer development. Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) has been suggested to be correlated with both infectious and non-infectious inflammation. To date, the role of FPR2 in EOC remains poorly understood and controversial. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the potential of FPR2 in regulating EOC. We performed immunohistochemistry and RT-qPCR to analyzed expression of FPR2 in EOC tissues and the correlation between FPR2 and EOC clinicopathological characteristics as well as prognosis were also analyzed. To test the role of FPR2 in EOC cell migration, we established FPR2-knockdown SKOV3 cells and performed wound-healing, Transwell and angiogenesis assays to detect the metastatic potential of these EOC cells. Our studies found that FPR2 was overexpressed in EOC tissues and was positively correlated with EOC clinicopathological characteristics including the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stage, histological grade and ovarian cancer type. Survival analyses suggested that FPR2 overexpression indicated the poorer prognosis of EOC patients and FPR2 may act as an independent risk factor for EOC prognosis. FPR2 knockdown decreased the migration potential of the ovarian cancer cells. Moreover, serum amyloid A (SAA) may stimulate the migration of SKOV3 cells through FPR2. The present study suggested that FPR2 promoted the invasion and metastasis of EOC and it could be a prognostic marker for EOC."	1
"Title: LARP1 is regulated by the XIST/miR-374a axis and functions as an oncogene in non-small cell lung carcinoma. Abstract: La-related protein 1 (LARP1) is a conserved RNA-binding protein and is known to regulate 5'-terminal oligopyrimidine tract (TOP) mRNA translation. Dysregulated LARP1 has been reported to be related to the development of several cancers. However, the exact function and mechanism of LARP1 in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is largely unknown. In the present study, we found that the mRNA levels of LARP1 were increased in NSCLC cells compared to those in normal control cells. Knockdown of LARP1 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion in NSCLC cells and tumourigenicity in H520 cells. Both in vitro and in vivo analyses confirmed that STAT3 signalling was inactivated by the knockdown of LARP1. Moreover, LARP1 was identified as a direct target of miR-374a. Overexpression of miR-374a attenuated the promotor effects of LARP1 by inhibiting proliferation, metastasis and STAT3 signalling. Clinically, LARP1 was markedly overexpressed in NSCLC tissues, and upregulated LARP1 was correlated with tumour progression and poor survival. The expression of miR-374a was negatively correlated with the expression of LARP1 in NSCLC tissues. Furthermore, we found that XIST functioned as a competing endogenous RNA to suppress miR-374a, which regulated its downstream target LARP1. In summary, we suggest that the dysfunction of the XIST/miR-374a/LARP1 axis contributes to NSCLC and may serve as a promising therapeutic strategy for treatment."	1
"Title: Downregulation of miR-874-3p promotes chemotherapeutic resistance in colorectal cancer via inactivation of the Hippo signaling pathway. Abstract: Overcoming resistance to chemotherapy is an arduous challenge in the treatment of colorectal cancer (CRC), particularly since the underlying molecular mechanisms remain obscure. In the present study, we reported that miR?874-3p was markedly downregulated in CRC tissues compared with that in adjacent normal colorectal epithelial tissues. Upregulation of miR-874-3p attenuated the chemoresistance of CRC cells to 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) in vitro and in vivo. Conversely, inhibition of miR-874-3p yielded an opposite effect. Furthermore, our results demonstrated that miR-874-3p directly inhibited the expression of transcriptional co-activators YAP and TAZ of the Hippo signaling pathway, resulting in the inactivation of the TEAD transcription. Thus, our findings clarify a novel mechanism by which miR-874-3p restores chemotherapeutic sensitivity of CRC to 5-FU, indicating that offering miR-874-3p mimics in combination with 5-FU may serve as a new therapeutic strategy to circumvent the chemoresistance in CRC."	1
"Title: Quercetrin from Toona sinensis leaves induces cell cycle arrest and apoptosis via enhancement of oxidative stress in human colorectal cancer SW620 cells. Abstract: Finding effective strategies against colorectal cancer (CRC) is still an emergent health problem. In the present study, we investigated the anticancer activity of quercetrin from Toona sinensis leaves (QTL) and explored the underlying mechanism in human CRC cell line SW620. The cells were treated with various concentrations of QTL and the cytotoxic effects of QTL were determined using the MTT assay. Apoptosis and cell cycle status were detected by flow cytometry. Reactive oxygen species (ROS) levels and mitochondrial membrane potential (??m) were assessed using DCF-DA and JC-1 fluorescence spectrophotometry, respectively. Western blot analysis was used to quantify the expression of apoptosis?related proteins. RT-PCR was applied to determine the mRNA levels of glutathione peroxidase (GPx) and catalase (CAT). QTL exhibited growth inhibitory effects and caused cell cycle arrest in the G2/M phase, which was accompanied by increased expression of p53 and p21 proteins. QTL promoted apoptosis which was consistent with the upregulated expression of Bax, cytochrome c, caspase-9, Apaf-1 and caspase-3. In addition, QTL induced the loss of mitochondrial membrane potential and triggered ROS generation, as revealed by the downregulated mRNA expression and enzymatic activity of GPx and CAT. Furthermore, both N?acetyl cysteine (NAC) and GSH attenuated the QTL-induced growth inhibition observed in SW620 cells along with the increase of ROS levels. These findings revealed that QTL inhibited the growth of CRC cells and facilitated apoptosis by enhancing oxidative stress. QTL may therefore have potential for use in CRC chemotherapy."	1
"Title: Knockdown of lncRNA-XIST enhances the chemosensitivity of NSCLC cells via suppression of autophagy. Abstract: Drug resistance is the major factor contributing to the failure of chemotherapy in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients. Emerging evidence suggests that autophagy plays a vital role in the chemoresistance of many types of tumors. However, the exact mechanism underlying the chemoresistance of NSCLC is still elusive, and it is unclear whether lncRNA-XIST is involved in autophagy and chemoresistance of NSCLC. In the present study, we demonstrated that lncRNA-XIST was overexpressed in NSCLC tumor samples, and knockdown of lncRNA-XIST significantly decreased autophagy by regulation of ATG7 as determined by qPCR and by western blotting. Furthermore, we found that miR-17 was upregulated following knockdown of lncRNA-XIST, and miR-17 mimics decreased the protein levels of ATG7 by directly targeting the 3'-untranslated region of ATG7 mRNA as determined by RT-qPCR and by western blotting. Furthermore, we found that the expression level of lncRNA-XIST was markedly increased in cisplatin-resistant A549 cells as determined by q-PCR. Knockdown of lncRNA-XIST restored the chemosensitivity of cisplatin-resistant A549 cells to cisplatin, which was reversed by miR-17 inhibitor and overexpression of ATG7 as determined by CCK8 assays. This study provides evidence that lncRNA-XIST may be a potential marker of poor response to cisplatin chemotherapy in NSCLC patients and the pathway 'lncRNA-XIST/miR-17/autophagy' may be a promising target for patients with chemoresistant NSCLC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-433 inhibits cervical cancer progression by directly targeting metadherin to regulate the AKT and ?-catenin signalling pathways. Abstract: Cervical cancer is one of the most common female malignancies worldwide. Emerging data have shown that microRNAs (miRNAs) play significant roles in various human cancers, including cervical cancer. Aberrantly expressed miRNAs in cervical cancer contribute to tumour occurrence and development as either tumour suppressors or promoters. Research suggests that miRNA-433 (miR-433) possibly plays an important role in the development of various cancer types. However, no study has explored the expression patterns, roles and underlying mechanisms of miR-433 in cervical cancer. In the present study, we demonstrated significant downregulation of miR-433 in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Low miR-433 expression was found to significantly correlate with patient characteristics including tumour size, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage, lymph node and distant metastases. Functional studies showed that restoration of miR-433 inhibited cell proliferation and invasion and increased apoptosis in cervical cancer cells. Metadherin (MTDH) was also validated as a direct target gene of miR-433. MTDH mRNA expression was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and was inversely correlated with miR-433 expression. MTDH knockdown showed similar tumour-suppressive roles as miR-433 overexpression in regards to cervical cancer cell proliferation, invasion and apoptosis. Rescue experiments revealed that MTDH overexpression markedly reversed the effects of miR-433 overexpression in regards to proliferation, invasion and apoptosis of cervical cancer cells. Further investigations revealed that miR-433 inactivated AKT and ?-catenin pathways in cervical cancer. Collectively, these findings indicate the essential roles of miR-433 in suppressing cervical cancer progression and suggest its potential as a therapeutic target for the treatment of cervical cancer."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA SOX21-AS1 sponges miR-145 to promote the tumorigenesis of colorectal cancer by targeting MYO6. Abstract: Emerging evidences have proved that long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) act as important molecular regulator in the tumor progression, including colorectal cancer (CRC). LncRNA SOX21-AS1 has been verified as oncogenic molecular in other cancers and tumorigenesis. In present study, our team investigates the clinical characteristic and molecular function in CRC carcinogenesis. Results showed that lncRNA SOX21-AS1 expression was significantly over-expressed in CRC tissue samples and cells. The aberrant over-expression of SOX21-AS1 indicated poor prognosis of CRC patients. In vitro and in vivo validation experiments, SOX21-AS1 silencing inhibited the proliferation, invasion, and decreased the tumor growth of CRC cells. Moreover, miR-145 was proved to be the target of SOX21-AS1, besides, myosin VI (MYO6) was found to be one of the targets of miR-145 using bioinformatics prediction programs and rescue confirmation experiments. In summary, our study reveals the tumorigenic effect of lncRNA SOX21-AS1 in CRC cells via targeting miR-145/MYO6, providing a novel insight for CRC carcinogenesis."	1
"Title: miR-30a suppresses lung cancer progression by targeting SIRT1. Abstract: The class III histone deacetylase silent information regulator 1 (SIRT1) is frequently overexpressed in a variety of tumors, including lung cancer; however, its regulatory mechanisms are largely unknown. In this study, we found that an inconsistent trend between SIRT1 protein and mRNA levels in human lung cancer tissues, suggesting that a post-transcriptional mechanism may involved in SIRT1 regulation. Because microRNAs are important post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression, candidate miRNAs that could potentially bind SIRT1 were gained through bioinformatics analyses. We further experimentally validated SIRT1 as the direct target of miR-30a by evaluating SIRT1 expression in lung cancer cells after the overexpression or knockdown of miR-30a and by luciferase assay. Moreover, we showed that miR-30a inhibited proliferation, invasion and promoted apoptosis of lung cancer cells by inhibiting SIRT1in vitroandin vivo. Taken together, this study identified a new regulatory axis in which miR-30a and SIRT1 regulate the proliferation, invasion and apoptosis of lung cancer cells and lung tumorigenesis."	1
"Title: Krüppel-like factor 8 promotes cancer stem cell-like traits in hepatocellular carcinoma through Wnt/?-catenin signaling. Abstract: Krüppel-like factor 8 (KLF8) is highly expressed in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and contributes to tumor initiation and progression by promoting HCC cell proliferation and invasion. However, the role of KLF8 in liver cancer stem cells (LCSCs) is not known. In the current study, we investigated the role of KLF8 in LCSCs to determine if KLF8 is a novel marker of these cells. We found that KLF8 was highly expressed in primary HCC tumors, distant migrated tissues, and LCSCs. Patients with high KLF8 expression had a poor prognosis. KLF8 promoted stem cell-like features through activation of the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. Cell apoptosis was significantly increased in HCC cells with knockdown of KLF8 compared with the control cells when treated with the same doses of sorafenib or cisplatin. Taken together, our study shows that KLF8 plays a potent oncogenic role in HCC tumorigenesis by maintaining stem cell-like features through activation of the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway and promoting chemoresistance. Thus, targeting KLF8 may provide an effective therapeutic approach to suppress tumorigenicity of HCC. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-194 suppresses prostate cancer migration and invasion by downregulating human nuclear distribution protein. Abstract: Human NudC nuclear distribution protein (hNUDC) is differentially expressed between normal and cancer cells. Based on its marked altered expression and its roles in modulating cell division, cytokineses and migration, a detailed understanding of the mechanisms regulating hNUDC expression in cancer cells is critical. In this study, we identified miR-194 as a downstream target of hNUDC and linked its expression to reduced metastatic capacity and tumorigenicity of prostate cancer (PCa) cells. Using miRNA target prediction programs, hNUDC mRNA was found to contain a potential binding site for miR-194 within its 3'UTR. A Reporter assay confirmed that post-transcriptional regulation of hNUDC was dependent on the miR-194 binding site. Forced expression of miR-194 in PCa cell lines, PC-3 and DU-145, led to a decrease in the mRNA and protein levels of hNUDC. Overexpression of miR-194 in these cells inhibited cell migration and invasion, and induced multinucleated cells. Our data showed that hNUDC knockdown by siRNA significantly reduced the migration and invasion in the PC-3 and DU-145 cells, phenocopying the results of miR-194 overexpression. Furthermore, lentivirus-mediated stable expression of miR-194 in PCa cells reduced the ability of colony formation as detected by a soft agar assay and exhibited significantly less tumorigenic ability in vivo. Our results suggest a novel role for miR-194 in effectively controlling cell metastatic processes in PCa cells via the regulation of hNUDC expression."	1
"Title: Oxymatrine inhibits the migration of human colorectal carcinoma RKO cells via inhibition of PAI-1 and the TGF-?1/Smad signaling pathway. Abstract: Transforming growth factor-?1 (TGF-?1) signaling has been shown to play a critical role in the development of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). PAI-1 is one of the most important target genes in the TGF-?/Smad signaling pathway, which can hinder the degradation of ECM composition and may promote cell invasion and migration. Oxymatrine (OM) is an alkaloid extracted from the Chinese herb Sophora flavescens Ait and has been demonstrated to inhibit the growth of various types of cancer cells including colorectal cancer. However, the anticancer effect of OM in colorectal cancer remains unclear. In the present study, we detected the expression of E-cadherin, ?-SMA, FN, TGF-?1, PAI-1, Smad4, pP38 and pSmad2 in FHC, RKO and OM-treated RKO cells. We also detected pSmad2 and PAI-1 in RKO cells following the addition of SB203580 (a p38 MAPK inhibitor). The results showed that E-cadherin expression in RKO cells was significantly decreased, while PAI-1, TGF-?1, ?-SMA, FN, Smad4, pSmad2 and pP38 expression levels were significantly increased in the RKO cells compared to levels in the FHC cells, which was almost completely reversed by OM. OM alleviated EMT induced in colorectal cancer via inhibition of TGF-?1/Smad signaling pathway activation by reducing P38-dependent increased expression of PAI-1. Hence, OM could be a novel therapeutic agent for colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: miR-196b/miR-1290 participate in the antitumor effect of resveratrol via regulation of IGFBP3 expression in acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Abstract: MicroRNAs play critical roles in the progression of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Previous studies have indicated that miR-196b and miR-1290 play critical roles in T-cell ALL (T-ALL) and B-cell ALL (B-ALL), respectively. Resveratrol, a natural edible polyphenolic phytoalexin, possesses certain anticancer activities. Nevertheless, the mechanism involved in the regulation of ALL by resveratrol is still poorly understood. The present study aimed to reveal the potential mechanism underlying the antitumor effect of resveratrol in ALL focusing on miRNAs. Research indicates that insulin-like growth factor binding protein 3 (IGFBP3) plays a critical role in the aetiology of ALL. In the present study, we first demonstrated that the expression of IGFBP3 was decreased in ALL patients. We further identified that miR-196b and miR-1290 were overexpressed in T-ALL TALL-104 and B-ALL SUP-B15 cell lines, respectively. Moreover, resveratrol markedly decreased the overexpression of miR-196b/miR-1290 and elevated IGFBP3 expression in the ALL cell lines. As an miR-196b/miR-1290 inhibitor, resveratrol was further demonstrated to exert antitumor effects on ALL cells including antiproliferation, cell cycle arrest, apoptosis and inhibition of migration. Dual-luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-196b/miR-1290 directly bound to the 3'-untranslated (3'-UTR) region of IGFBP3 mRNA. Moreover, we observed that IGFBP3 short interfering RNA reversed the antitumor activity of resveratrol against ALL cells. Taken together, the present study provides evidence that resveratrol targets miR-196b and miR-1290 for its antitumor activity in T-ALL and B-ALL, respectively. The present study also confirms that both miR?196b and miR-1290 target the IGFBP3 3'-UTR and are potential therapeutic targets for ALL."	1
"Title: Elevated expression of TrpC5 and GLUT1 is associated with chemoresistance in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Reprogramming of energy metabolism (aerobic glycolysis) is thought to play an essential role in cancer. Compared to oxidative phosphorylation, aerobic glycolysis consumes more glucose through the upregulation of glucose transporters, notably glucose transporter 1 (GLUT1). Elevated glycolysis occurs in chemoresistant cancer cells, but the detailed mechanism is not well understood. The upregulation of the Ca2+-permeable transient receptor potential channel 5 (TrpC5) activates the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway in 5-fluorouracil (5-Fu)-resistant human colorectal cancer (CRC) HCT-8 (HCT-8/5-Fu) cells. In the present study, TrpC5 was overexpressed at the mRNA and protein levels along with GLUT1 in HCT-8/5-Fu cells. Suppression of TrpC5 expression with a TrpC5-specific shRNA reduced the induction of GLUT1 in the HCT-8 cells. The inhibition of the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway with XAV939 resulted in a decreased GLUT1 and nuclear c-Myc expression. Further study using clinical specimens validated the positive correlation between TrpC5 and GLUT1 protein levels and showed that a high TrpC5/GLUT1 expression was significantly correlated with chemoresistance. Taken together, we demonstrated the essential role of TrpC5 in GLUT1 induction and revealed that a high TrpC5/GLUT1 expression is associated with chemoresistance in human CRC."	1
"Title: 2-Methoxyestradiol inhibits the proliferation and migration and reduces the radioresistance of nasopharyngeal carcinoma CNE-2 stem cells via NF-?B/HIF-1 signaling pathway inactivation and EMT reversal. Abstract: Accumulating evidence indicates that cancer stem cells (CSCs) are a source of resistance to radiation therapy (RT); however, the mechanism of this resistance remains unclear. 2-Methoxyestradiol (2-ME2) is a metabolic product of estrogen in the body. Recent studies have found that 2-ME2 regulates the activation of transcription factors, including nuclear factor (NF)-?B/hypoxia-inducible factor-1 (HIF-1), thus contributing to tumor cell apoptosis and chemosensitivity. Therefore, 2-ME2 is being studied as a potential anticancer drug. The purpose of this study was to determine the effect and mechanism by which 2-ME2 inhibits nasopharyngeal carcinoma CNE-2 stem-like cell (NPCSC) proliferation and migration and reduces NPCSC radioresistance. This study has important significance for reducing the radioresistance of these cells to improve the cure rate of NPC. First, the NPCSCs were collected in a serum-free culture system and then identified by relevant experiments. The NPCSCs were treated with 2-ME2 (0-8 µM) combined with X-ray exposure and Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8), Transwell assay, colony formation assay, western blot analysis, RT-PCR, flow cytometry and RNA interference technology were used to explore the effect and mechanism of 2-ME2 on NPCSCs. The results showed that the microspheres collected in the serum?free culture system possessed CSC traits and radioresistance. 2-ME2 obviously inhibited NPCSC growth and migration and reduced NPCSC radioresistance. 2-ME2 decreased NF-?B p65 and HIF-1? protein expression, downregulated NF-?B p65 nuclear localization, and reversed epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). NF-?B p65 knockdown reduced HIF-1? expression, reversed EMT, and enhanced the suppressive effect of 2-ME2 on NPCSCs. Collectively, these data indicate that 2-ME2 inhibits NPCSC proliferation and migration and reduces the radioresistance of NPCSCs via NF-?B/HIF-1 signaling pathway inactivation and EMT reversal."	1
"Title: hsa-miR-631 resensitizes bortezomib-resistant multiple myeloma cell lines by inhibiting UbcH10. Abstract: Although bortezomib (BTZ) remains a first-line agent for multiple myeloma (MM) therapy, the development of BTZ resistance has become an indicator of poor prognosis in MM patients. It is thus urgent to develop strategies to restore the vulnerability of MM to BTZ. This study demonstrated, for the first time, that UbcH10 is highly expressed in BTZ-resistant myeloma cell lines U-266/BTZ, NCI-H929/BTZ and RPMI-8226/BTZ, which is attributed to the inactivation of post-transcriptional control. The in-depth study revealed that during the development of BTZ resistance in these cells, the hsa-miR-631 levels were decreased, which resulted in the increased expression of the target gene UbcH10. We also found that the multiple drug-resistant protein MDR1 exhibited a positive correlation with UbcH10 due to the reduced ubiquitination of MDR1, which was caused by high UbcH10 expression. Following overexpression of miR-631, both BTZ sensitivity and BTZ-induced apoptosis were enhanced in the resistant cells. Meanwhile, resensitization by miR-631 overexpression was blocked by exogenous expression of UbcH10, which was not regulated by intracellular miR-631. In conclusion, the miR-631/UbcH10/MDR1 pathway is closely associated with the development of BTZ resistance in myeloma cells, and the overexpression of miR-631 can significantly improve BTZ sensitivity in resistant myeloma cells."	1
"Title: miR-24-3p regulates bladder cancer cell proliferation, migration, invasion and autophagy by targeting DEDD. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs), a class of small non-coding RNA molecules, can regulate gene expression by interacting with the 3'-untranslated regions (3'UTR) of target genes and influence various biological processes. We investigated the potential role of miR-24-3p in the development of bladder cancer by regulating DEDD, a member of the death effector domain-containing protein family. First, we found that miR-24-3p was highly expressed and that DEDD was expressed at a low level in bladder cancer tissues compared with that in adjacent bladder tissues by qRT-PCR (P<0.0001). Second, we found that miR-24-3p promoted the proliferation ability of bladder cancer cells using the MTT assay and colony forming assay; and showed that miR-24-3p accelerated the migration and invasion of bladder cancer cells using migration and invasion assays (P<0.05). Moreover, miR-24-3p inhibited apoptosis of bladder cancer cells, as shown by flow cytometry (P<0.05). Western blot results demonstrated that miR-24-3p participated in autophagy of bladder cancer cells by DEDD. In addition, the tumor formation assay showed that miR-24-3p promoted the growth of bladder tumor in vivo. Furthermore, the luciferase reporter gene assay indicated that miR-24-3p suppressed DEDD gene transcription. Therefore, our study indicated that miR-24-3p promoted bladder cancer progression by inhibiting DEDD."	1
"Title: Effect of Annexin A1 gene on the proliferation and invasion of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma cells and its regulatory mechanisms. Abstract: The aim of this study was to examine the effect of Annexin A1 (ANXA1) on the proliferation, migration and invasion of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) cells and its possible mechanisms of action. After constructing the ANXA1 overexpression plasmid, we transfected this plasmid and/or microRNA (miRNA)?196a mimic into ESCC cells (Eca109 cell line). Methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium (MTT) assay and Transwell chamber assay were performed to determine cell proliferation, migration and invasion, respectively. Western blot analysis was used to examine the protein expression levels of ANXA1, Snail and E-cadherin. RT-PCR was used to detect the expression of miRNA-196a. Our results revealed that ANXA1 expression was upregulated in the cells transfected with the ANXA1 overexpression plasmid, and cell proliferation, migration and invasion were significantly increased (p=0.004, p<0.001 and p=0.011, respectively). In the cells transfected with the miRNA?196a mimic, miRNA?196a expression was significantly upregulated (p<0.001). However, miRNA-196a expression was downregulated in the cells transfected with the ANXA1 overexpression plasmid. In addition, in the cells transfected with the miRNA?196a mimic, cell proliferation, migration and invasion were significantly decreased (p=0.027, p=0.009 and p=0.021, respectively). In the cells transfected with the ANXA1 overexpression plasmid, the expression of Snail was upregulated and that of E-cadherin was downregulated. However, the opposite was observed in the cells transfected with the miRNA?196a mimic. Our findings thus demonstrate that ANXA1 promotes the proliferation of Eca109 cells, and increases the expression of Snail, whereas it inhibits that of E-cadherin, thus enhancing the migration and invasion of ESCC cells. miRNA-196a negatively regulates the expression of ANXA1, thereby inhibiting the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of ESCC cells."	1
"Title: miRNA-301a induces apoptosis of chronic myelogenous leukemia cells by directly targeting TIMP2/ERK1/2 and AKT pathways. Abstract: We investigated the biological functions and mechanism of miRNA?301a on apoptosis in chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The expression of miRNA?301a in patient with CML cells was higher than the expression of normal patients. Overall survival (OS) of chronic granulocytic leukemia cell patient with low miRNA?301 expression was superior to that of CML patient with high miRNA?301 expression. Moreover, the upregulation of miRNA?301a increased cell proliferation, inhibited apoptosis and caspase-3 and -9 activity of K562 cells. Next, the upregulation of miRNA?301a suppressed Bax/Bcl-2 rate and TIMP2 protein expression, increased phosphorylation-ERK1/2 and decreased phosphorylation-AKT protein expression of K562 cells. Furthermore, si?TIMP2 expression enhanced the upregulation of miRNA?301a on the promotion of cell proliferation, inhibition of apoptosis and caspase-3 and -9 activity, suppression of Bax/Bcl-2 rate, increasing phosphorylation-ERK1/2 and decreasing phosphorylation-AKT protein expression of K562 cells. Taken together, our results clearly suggested that miRNA?301a induces apoptosis of CML cells by directly targeting the TIMP2/ERK1/2 and AKT pathways."	1
"Title: Expression of glia maturation factor ? is associated with colorectal cancer metastasis and its downregulation suppresses colorectal cancer cell migration and invasion in vitro. Abstract: Glia maturation factor ? (GMFG) functions to reorganize the actin cytoskeleton and appears to play a causative role in cell migration and adherence. The present study assessed GMFG expression in colorectal cancer cells and tissue specimens and then explored the role of GMFG in colorectal cancer progression in vitro. GMFG protein was highly expressed in colorectal cancer tissues and a metastatic colon cancer cell line. Knockdown of GMFG expression using GMFG siRNA or anti-GMFG antibody decreased the capacity of colon cancer LoVo cell migration and invasion in vitro, while recombinant GMFG treatment induced LoVo cell migration. Furthermore, GMFG knockdown also decreased expression of MMP2 protein and reversed epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) phenotypes in LoVo cells. Co-culture of LoVo cells with human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) and exogenous GMFG treatment promoted LoVo cell migration and invasion. The data from the present study indicate that GMFG should be further evaluated as a biomarker for detection of colorectal cancer metastasis and that the targeting of GMFG expression or function could be a novel strategy in the future control of colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: Transforming growth factor-?1 suppresses bone morphogenetic protein-2-induced mesenchymal-epithelial transition in HSC-4 human oral squamous cell carcinoma cells via Smad1/5/9 pathway suppression. Abstract: Squamous cell carcinoma is the most common cancer in the oral cavity. We previously demonstrated that transforming growth factor-?1 (TGF-?1) promotes the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of human oral squamous cell carcinoma (hOSCC) cells; however, it remains to be clarified whether the TGF-? superfamily member bone morphogenetic protein (BMP) affects this process in hOSCC cells. Here, we examined the independent and collective effects of TGF-?1 and BMP-2 on EMT and mesenchymal?epithelial transition (MET) in a panel of four hOSCC cell lines. Notably, we found that HSC-4 cells were the most responsive to BMP-2 stimulation, which resulted in the upregulation of Smad1/5/9 target genes such as the MET inducers ID1 and cytokeratin 9 (CK9). Furthermore, BMP-2 downregulated the mesenchymal marker N-cadherin and the EMT inducer Snail, but upregulated epithelial CK9 expression, indicating that BMP-2 prefers to induce MET rather than EMT. Moreover, TGF-?1 dampened BMP-2-induced epithelial gene expression by inhibiting Smad1/5/9 expression and phosphorylation. Functional analysis revealed that TGF-?1 and BMP-2 significantly enhanced HSC-4 cell migration and proliferation, respectively. Collectively, these data suggest that TGF-? positively regulates hOSCC invasion in the primary tumor, whereas BMP-2 facilitates cancer cell colonization at secondary metastatic sites. Thus, the invasive and metastatic characteristics of hOSCC appear to be reciprocally regulated by BMP and TGF-?."	1
"Title: ELK3 promotes the migration and invasion of liver cancer stem cells by targeting HIF-1?. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the fifth most common solid cancer and the third most common cause of cancer-related mortality. HCC develops via a multistep process associated with genetic aberrations that facilitate HCC invasion and migration and promote metastasis. A growing body of evidence indicates that cancer stem cells (CSCs) are responsible for tumorigenesis, cancer cell invasion and metastasis. Despite the extremely small proportion of cancer cells represented by this subpopulation of HCC cells, CSCs play a key role in cancer metastasis and poor prognosis. ELK3 (Net/SAP-2/Erp) is a transcription factor that is activated by the Ras/extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) signaling pathway. It plays several important roles in various physiological processes, including cell migration, invasion, wound healing, angiogenesis and tumorigenesis. In the present study, we investigated the role of ELK3 in cancer cell invasion and metastasis in CD133+/CD44+ liver cancer stem cells (LCSCs). We isolated LCSCs expressing CD133 and CD44 from Huh7 HCC cells and evaluated their metastatic potential using invasion and migration assays. We found that CD133+/CD44+ cells had increased metastatic potential compared with non-CD133+/CD44+ cells. We also demonstrated that ELK3 expression was upregulated in CD133+/CD44+ cells and that this aberration enhanced cell migration and invasion. In addition, we identified the molecular mechanism by which ELK3 promotes cancer cell migration and invasion. We found that silencing of ELK3 expression in CD133+/CD44+ LCSCs attenuated their metastatic potential by modulating the expression of heat shock-induced factor-1? (HIF-1?). Collectively, the results of the present study demonstrated that ELK3 overexpression promoted metastasis in CD133+/CD44+ cells by regulating HIF-1? expression and that silencing of ELK3 expression attenuated the metastatic potential of CD133+/CD44+ LCSCs. In conclusion, modulation of ELK3 expression may represent a novel therapeutic strategy for preventing HCC metastasis and invasion."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-194 represses glioma cell epithelial?to?mesenchymal transition by targeting Bmi1. Abstract: MicroRNA-194 (miR-194) is frequently dysregulated in many types of cancer. However, the function of miR-194 in glioma remains unknown. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the biological functions of miR-194 in glioma and the potential molecular mechanism of miR-194 involved in glioma progression. We found that miR-194 expression was significantly reduced in glioma specimens and cell lines, as detected by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) analysis. The overexpression of miR-194 inhibited while the suppression of miR-194 promoted cell migration, invasion and epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT) in glioma cells. Bioinformatics analysis showed that the B cell-specific moloney murine leukemia virus insertion site 1 (Bmi1) was a direct target of miR-194, which was validated by dual-luciferase reporter assay, RT-qPCR and western blot analysis. The restoration of Bmi1 expression significantly abrogated the suppressive effect of miR-194 on glioma cell EMT. Taken together, the present study suggests that miR-194 inhibits glioma cell EMT by targeting Bmi1 providing novel insights into understanding the pathogenesis of glioma. The restoration of miR-194 may be a potential therapeutic strategy for glioma treatment."	1
"Title: Overexpression of ARF1 is associated with cell proliferation and migration through PI3K signal pathway in ovarian cancer. Abstract: ADP-ribosylation factor 1 (ARF1) is a small G protein that regulates many cellular processes such as reorganization of the actin cytoskeleton and is highly expressed in various tumor cells and tissues. However, the role of ARF1 in ovarian cancer progression remains unknown. In the present study, we explored the expression patterns of ARF1 in clinical ovarian cancer samples and adjacent noncancerous tissues. The results revealed that ARF1 overexpressed in EOC tissues and cell lines, compared with the adjacent non-tumorous tissues and normal ovarian cells. In addition, the immunoreactivity of ARF1 was positively correlated with EOC grade and Ki-67 expression. Knockdown of ARF1 expression notably inhibited cell proliferation and migration rate of EOC cells by the auxiliary of PI3K. Taken together, our findings provide new insights into the functional role of ARF1 on EOC cell growth and migration and it may serve as a diagnostic and therapeutic target."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-9 limits hepatic fibrosis by suppressing the activation and proliferation of hepatic stellate cells by directly targeting MRP1/ABCC1. Abstract: Liver fibrosis is a chronic liver disease characterized by the proliferation and activation of hepatic stellate cells (HSCs) and excessive deposition of extracellular matrix (ECM). Research suggests that microRNAs (miRNAs) are a new type of regulator of liver fibrosis. In the present study, we investigated the role of microRNA-9 (miR-9) in the process of liver fibrosis, as well as the underlying mechanism of action. Downregulated levels of miR-9 were found in fibrotic liver tissues and activated HSCs as detected by qRT-PCR; whereas, expression of multidrug resistance?associated protein 1 (MRP1/ABCC1) was upregulated in the fibrotic liver tissues and activated HSCs. CCK-8 and BrdU assays revealed that miR-9 reduced the proliferative ability of the HSCs. In addition, expression levels of ECM-related genes (?-SMA, Col-1 and Timp-1), which are markers of HSC activation, were downregulated by miR-9. Conversely, an miR-9 inhibitor promoted cell proliferation and HSC activation. In addition, a luciferase reporter assay indicated that miR-9 targets the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of MRP1 and causes a significant decrease in MRP1. miR-9 inhibited the activation of the Hedgehog (Hh) pathway and the expression of MRP1, while this suppression was rescued by the overexpression of MRP1. Finally, a CCl4-induced mouse model of liver fibrosis was used to investigate the effects of miR-9 on liver fibrosis in vivo. The results showed that miR-9 abrogated hepatic fibrosis by suppressing the expression of MRP1 in CCl4-induced liver fibrotic mice. In conclusion, the present study demonstrated that miR-9 suppresses the proliferation and activation of HSCs through the Hh pathway by targeting MRP1, which suggests that miR-9 has therapeutic potential for liver fibrosis."	1
"Title: Role of miR-647 in human gastric cancer suppression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate various oncogenes concomitantly, resulting in tumor suppression. They regulate proliferation and migration pathways in tumor development, suggesting a potential therapeutic role. In the present study, we found that miR-647 was markedly downregulated in gastric cancer (GC), and was significantly correlated with reduced tumor size and metastasis. In addition, miR-647 was also reduced in GC cell lines. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-647 in the GC cell lines inhibited cell proliferation, promoted cell cycle arrest at the G0/G1 phase and induced cell apoptosis. miR-647 also significantly inhibited tumor growth in vivo. Notably, we found that miR-647 overexpression suppressed the migration and invasion of the cancer cells, particularly liver metastasis in nude mice. miR-647 also reduced the expression levels of genes associated with proliferation and metastasis in tumors, including ANK2, FAK, MMP2, MMP12, CD44 and SNAIL1. Overall, our findings demonstrated that miR-647 exerts powerful antitumorigenic effects in vitro and in vivo, and may represent a promising therapeutic agent against GC."	1
"Title: Calcium release induced by 2-pyridinecarboxaldehyde thiosemicarbazone and its copper complex contributes to tumor cell death. Abstract: Thiosemicarbazones display significant antitumor activity and their copper complexes also exhibit enhanced biological activities in most situations, but the underlying mechanism is poorly understood. Therefore, investigation of the mechanism involved in the change upon chelation is required to extend our understanding of the effects of thiosemicarbazones. In the present study, the inhibitory effect of 2-pyridinecarboxaldehyde thiosemicarbazone (PCT) and its copper complex (PCT-Cu) on cell proliferation was investigated. The copper chelate exhibited a 3- to 10-fold increase in antitumor activity (with an IC50 <5 µM). The results showed that both PCT and PCT-Cu induced reactive oxygen species (ROS) generation in vitro and in vivo, caused cellular DNA fragmentation, depolarization of the mitochondrial membrane and cell cycle arrest. Western blotting showed that both PCT and PCT-Cu induced apoptosis. Upregulation of GRP78 in HepG2 cells following treatment with the agents indicated that endoplasmic reticulum (ER) stress occurred. Furthermore calcium release was revealed in this study, suggesting that PCT and PCT-Cu disturbed calcium homeostasis. It was noted that PCT-Cu sensitized thapsigargin?stimulated calcium release from the ER, which was correlated with the ROS level they induced, implying that the antitumor activity of PCT and PCT-Cu partly stemmed from calcium mobilization, a situation that was reported in few studies. Our findings may significantly contribute to the understanding of the anti?proliferative effect of the derivatives of thiosemicarbazones along with their antitumor mechanism."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits tumorigenesis and invasion of cervical cancer stem cells. Abstract: MicroRNA (miR)-145 has been reported to induce cancer stem cell (CSC) differentiation through down-regulation of the stem cell transcription factors (TFs) that maintain CSC pluripotency. High expression of miR-145 indicates a good prognosis in cancer patients, but its role in cervical cancer stem cells (CCSCs) is not known. We show that expression of miR-145 and core stem cell transcription factors, Sox2, Nanog and Oct4, are associated with the pluripotency of CCSCs, with increased expression of miR-145 after cervical tumorsphere (CT) differentiation. miR-145 overexpression inhibited expression of core TFs, as well as decreasing tumor invasion and colony formation, whereas miR-145 knockdown led to the opposite effects. Injection of adenovirus-miR-145 significantly reduced tumor growth in nude mice. High miR-145 expression predicted a better prognosis compared with that in patients with low miR-145 expression after analyses of The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) data. These results suggest that miR-145 is able to induce CT differentiation through enzymolyzing TFs and might be a therapeutic target for cervical carcinoma."	1
"Title: ELF5 in epithelial ovarian carcinoma tissues and biological behavior in ovarian carcinoma cells. Abstract: The expression of E74-like factor 5 (ELF5) in epithelial ovarian carcinoma tissues and its effects on biological behavior in ovarian carcinoma cells were assessed in search for a new approach for gene treatment of epithelial ovarian carcinoma. RT-PCR technology was applied to detect the expression of ELF5 mRNA in epithelial ovarian carcinoma (n=49), borderline ovarian epithelial tumor (n=19), benign ovarian epithelial tumor (n=31) and normal ovarian tissues (n=40). Then, we transfected recombinant plasmid pcDNA3.1?ELF5+EGFP into human ovarian carcinoma SKOV3 cells (recombinant plasmid group) in vitro and screened out stably transfected cells to conduct multiplication culture. Western blot analysis was performed to detect the expression of ELF5 protein in the different groups. Flow cytometry was employed to detect cell apoptosis and cycles. ELF5 mRNA in epithelial ovarian carcinoma and borderline ovarian epithelial tumor tissues were significantly lower (P<0.05) than those in benign ovarian epithelial tumor and normal ovarian tissues. ELF5 protein expression in the cells of recombinant plasmid group was significantly higher compared with empty plasmid and blank control groups. The capacity of cell reproductive recombinant plasmid group at each time point decreased (P<0.05). Flow cytometry detection showed that 67.03% of cells in recombinant plasmid group was blocked in G0/G1 phase (P<0.05), compared with empty plasmid group (37.17%) and blank control group (38.24%). Apoptotic rate of recombinant plasmid group was significantly lower (31.4±1.9%; P<0.05), compared with that of empty plasmid group (9.1±2.2%) and blank control group (8.7±1.5%), and the differences were statistically significant. In conclusion, ELF5 interfered with cell cycle of human ovarian carcinoma SKOV3 cells and promoted apoptosis of human ovarian carcinoma SKOV3 cells inhibiting their growth and invasive capacity; and thus providing a new approach to gene treatment of ovarian carcinoma."	1
"Title: Exploration of bladder cancer molecular mechanisms based on miRNA-mRNA regulatory network. Abstract: To explore the complex molecular mechanisms of bladder cancer, mRNA and miRNA expression profiles were combined for systematic analyses. A total of 18 common differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified from two mRNA expression datasets which consisted of 206 tumor and 74 normal tissues. Then, survival analysis based on the SurvExpress database showed that the common DEGs were able to significantly differentiate low- and high-risk groups in 4 public bladder cancer datasets (p<0.01). Notably, the tumor and normal samples were able to be almost clearly classified into 4 groups based on these identified common DEGs. In addition, 6 out of the 18 common DEGs, including ALDH1A1 and SRPX, are regulated by 6 reported miRNAs based on regulatory network analyses. Expression levels of the 6 DEGs were validated in 10 bladder cancer samples using RT-PCR, and the expression values were concordant with the microarray results. Collectively, our analyses indicated that various biological processes are involved in the development and progression of bladder cancer. Firstly, cell cycle checkpoints and DNA repair networks of cancer stem-like cells were regulated by high expression of ALDH1A1, and hence promoted tumor self-renewal or metastasis. Then, activation of HspB6 induced the angiogenesis process which provides necessary nutrition and oxygen for tumor cells. Moreover, downregulation of the expression of tumor-suppressor genes SRPX and FLNC further promoted apoptosis and metastasis. The identification of potential biological processes and genes can be helpful for the understanding of bladder cancer molecular mechanisms."	1
"Title: Somatic mutational spectrum analysis in a prospective series of 104 gastrointestinal stromal tumors. Abstract: Gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) are mesenchymal tumors distinguished by driver mutations in proto-oncogenes KIT or PDGFRA in 85-90% of cases. These mutations have been linked to the response to imatinib, a multikinase inhibitor, and have independent prognostic impact. Here, we describe the prospective study of the molecular characteristics of 104 GISTs from French adult patients analyzed routinely through the National Hospital Program of Molecular Cancer Diagnosis. All patients with GISTs diagnosed at the University Hospital of Besançon between August 2005 and October 2014 were prospectively included in the present study. KIT, PDGFRA and KRAS-codons 12 and 13 as well as BRAF codon 600 mutations were analyzed by Sanger sequencing or SNaPshot. KIT and PDGFRA mutations were detected in 71.2 and 19.2% of the cases, respectively. A total of 43 different mutations were detected of which 13 had never been described. As expected, KIT exon 9 and PDGFRA exon 18 mutations were associated with small bowel and gastric localizations respectively. No mutation was found in KRAS and BRAF. Molecular studies are critical to improve the management of GISTs. Our study enhances the current knowledge by describing 13 new mutations in KIT. A common molecular pattern in all KIT exon 11 substitutions is also described for the first time in this study but its significance remains unknown since genetic and environmental risk factors favoring the development of GISTs such as DNA repair defects and exposure to carcinogens are not currently known."	1
"Title: USP39 promotes colorectal cancer growth and metastasis through the Wnt/?-catenin pathway. Abstract: In the present study, we first examined the expression of USP39 protein using tissue array containing 90 colorectal cancer (CRC) tissues and 9 clinical samples, and observed that it has significantly higher expression in cancer tissues as compared to the corresponding adjacent normal tissues. Also, we tested USP39 expression level in four CRC cancer cell lines and identified that it indeed had higher expression in all these CRC cell lines. In addition, its knockdown inhibited not only the cell growth of SW480 and HT29 cells, but also the cell migration and invasion. Further analysis of its molecular mechanism suggested that the expression of four crucial proteins of Wnt/?-catenin pathway, including ?-catenin, TCF4, MMP2 and MMP9 was reduced as a result of USP39 knockdown. Taken together, all these findings demonstrated that USP39 protein plays an important role in the growth and metastasis of colorectal cancer mainly through Wnt/?-catenin pathway."	1
"Title: Epigenetic activation of WHSC1 functions as an oncogene and is associated with poor prognosis in cervical cancer. Abstract: Overexpression of Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome candidate 1 (WHSC1) is commonly observed in various types of tumors. However, the potential mechanism responsible for this molecular event is poorly understood. In the present study, we found that the mRNA levels of WHSC1 were significantly increased in cervical cancer cells, and that CpG sites were almost fully methylated in HaCaT cells, but partially methylated in HeLa and C33A cells. Clinically, the results of quantitative methylation-specific PCR (QMSP) and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR), showed that methylation levels of the WHSC1 gene were significantly decreased in cervical cancer tumors and inversely correlated with its mRNA expression levels. Both decreased methylation of WHSC1 and increased mRNA were associated with cancer progression and poor prognosis. In addition, overexpression of WHSC1 contributed to cell proliferation, migration and invasion, while cells with WHSC1 knockdown exhibited the opposite effects. AKT/metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) signaling was activated and inactivated upon overexpression and silencing of WHSC1, respectively. Silencing of WHSC1 also suppressed tumor growth in a xenograft model. In conclusion, WHSC1 is hypomethylated in cervical cancer, and consequent overexpression of WHSC1 mRNA may promote cervical carcinogenesis by activating the AKT/MMP-2 signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Cancer-associated fibroblasts enhance pancreatic cancer cell invasion by remodeling the metabolic conversion mechanism. Abstract: We investigated the mechanism of cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) in promoting the invasion and metastasis of pancreatic cancer cells in a non-vascular manner. We verified the original generation of isolated cultured CAFs and normal fibroblasts (NFs) based on the expression of ?-SMA and vimentin, and we examined the cell glycolysis level through glucose consumption and lactate production experiments. The mRNA and protein expression of CAF glycolytic enzymes, lactate dehydrogenase and pyruvate kinase m2, were examined by RT-PCR and western blotting, respectively. In vitro culture first-generation pancreatic CAFs were collected and cultured together with pancreas cancer BxPc-3 and Panc-1 cells. Cell invasion and migration were assessed using a Transwell assay and scratch test, respectively. Mitochondrial activity was assessed by experimentally determining oxidative phosphorylation (OP) activity. The aerobic oxidation index of cancer cells was also examined. Succinate dehydrogenase, fumarate hydratase (FH), and monocarboxylate transporter 1 (MCT1) expression were examined using an MCT1-specific inhibitor to remove 'tumor-stromal' metabolic coupling to observe the influence of cell interstices on pancreas cancer progression. First-generation isolated cultured CAFs and NFs both grew well, and showed active proliferation. Glucose absorption and lactate production were significantly enhanced in CAFs compared with that in NFs. PCR and western blotting showed that the lactate dehydrogenase and pyruvate kinase m2 mRNA and protein expression levels were increased in the CAFs. After indirect co-culture, OP was increased in the BxPc-3 and Panc-1 cells; correspondingly, succinate dehydrogenase, FH and MCT expression were increased. After the MCT1-specific inhibitor removed 'tumor-stromal' metabolic coupling, the migration and invasion abilities of the pancreatic cancer cells were decreased. Pancreatic CAFs can alter metabolism as well as communicate with and respond to cancer cell migration and invasion. This may be an important mechanism for promoting tumor progression in a non-vascular manner in the tumor microenvironment. The mechanism by which CAFs reshape metabolic transition requires further analysis."	1
"Title: Roles of immune inhibitory molecule B7-H4 in cervical cancer. Abstract: Recent studies have reported that the immune-regulatory protein B7-H4 is highly expressed in various types of cancer, but little is known concerning its roles in cervical cancer. In the present study, we investigated the expression of B7-H4 in human tissues and serum samples, and explored the effects of B7-H4 on proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion of cervical cancer cell lines, including SiHa and HeLa. We found that B7-H4 was mainly located in the cytoplasm of cervical cancer cells as determined by immunofluorescence staining. Serum B7-H4 (sB7-H4) was overexpressed in patients with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) and cervical cancer, and the area under the ROC curve (AUC) was 0.955. There was no statistical significance between B7-H4 expression and clinicopathological factors in cervical cancer tissue samples. B7-H4 promoted the proliferation of SiHa and HeLa cells, and protected them from apoptosis, which was related to the upregulation of E7, phosphorylated Rb (pRb), E2F, P16, P21, Bcl-2 and the downregulation of Rb, cleaved PARP and cleaved caspase-3 as determined by western blotting. In addition, B7-H4 increased the ability of cell migration and invasion by targeting angiogenic factors, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2, MMP-9 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) as determined by RT-PCR. Our findings revealed that B7-H4 has the potential to be a useful prognostic marker. In addition, B7-H4 plays important roles in proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion, indicating that B7-H4 can serve as a new therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	1
"Title: Effects of miR-145-5p through NRAS on the cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion in melanoma by inhibiting MAPK and PI3K/AKT pathways. Abstract: We aimed to detect the effects of miR-145-5p on the cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion in NRAS-mutant, BRAF-mutant, and wild-type melanoma cells, in order to figure out the potential mechanisms and provide a novel therapeutic target of melanoma. RT-qPCR and western blot were used to detect the expression of miR-145-5p and NRAS in melanoma tumor tissues and cells, respectively. Luciferase assay was performed to determine whether miR-145-5p directly targeted NRAS. After transfecting miR-145-5p mimics, miR-145-5p inhibitors, NRAS cDNA and NRAS siRNA into CHL-1, VMM917 and SK-mel-28 cells, functional assays were used to detect the proliferation, apoptosis, invasion and migration, including MTT, flow cytometry, Transwell and wound healing assays. In addition, xenograft models in nude mice were also conducted to verify the role of miR-145-5p in vivo. MiR-145-5p was able to suppress proliferation, invasion, and migration of VMM917 and CHL-1 cells and induce apoptosis by inhibiting MAPK and PI3K/AKT pathways. However, aberrant expression of miR-145-5p and NRAS has little impact on the viability and metastasis of BRAF-mutant melanoma. The higher expression of miR-145-5p in xenograft models repressed the VMM917-induced and CHL-1-induced tumor growth observably and has little effect on SK-mel-28-induced tumor growth which was consistent with the results in vitro. Through targeting NRAS, miR-145-5p could suppress cell proliferation, invasion, and migration and induce apoptosis of CHL-1 and VMM917 melanoma cells by inhibiting MAPK and PI3K/AKT pathways."	1
"Title: Overexpression of miR-203 increases the sensitivity of NSCLC A549/H460 cell lines to cisplatin by targeting Dickkopf-1. Abstract: The number of new lung cancer cases diagnosed yearly is high, and the mortality rate has not substantially declined. Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common type of lung cancer, and adenocarcinoma accounts for the largest proportion of NSCLC. Currently, platinum-based combined chemotherapy, particularly cisplatin (DDP) is still the main form of treatment for advanced NSCLC. However, cisplatin resistance often occurs in patients who receive chemotherapy. Previous studies offer various explanations for how miRNAs affect cisplatin resistance, but the underlying mechanism remains largely unknown. The present study was designed to focus on miR-203 and Dickkopf-1 (DKK1), investigating the potential mechanisms involved in cisplatin resistance in tissues of lung adenocarcinoma and A549/H460 cell lines. In DDP-sensitive NSCLC samples, miR-203 was expressed at a higher level when compared with this level in DDP-insensitive samples, while DKK1 mRNA was expressed at a relatively low level as indicated by qRT-PCR. Dual luciferase reporter assay revealed that DKK1 is a target gene of miR-203 in A549 and H460 cells. Upregulation of miR-203 reduced the IC50 value of cisplatin in the A549 and H460 cells by inhibiting cell growth and promoting cell apoptosis. Similar effects of tumor inhibition and cisplatin sensitization were verified in vivo. Further research showed that both overexpression of miR-203 and knockdown of DKK1 increased the sensitization to DDP with a lower IC50 value. Upon DKK1 knockdown, overexpression of miR-203 had no added effects on the sensitivity of the cells. In addition, miR-203 was unable to sensitize cells with DKK1 that lacked the 3' untranslated region (3'UTR). We conclude that miR-203 targets the 3'UTR of DKK1, and increases cisplatin sensitivity in A549/H460 cell lines."	1
"Title: miR-940 upregulation contributes to human cervical cancer progression through p27 and PTEN inhibition. Abstract: Cervical cancer is considered as a gynecological malignancy accompanied with high rates of mortality across the world. Effective diagnostic, prognostic markers as well as therapeutic targets are necessary to be explored. The p27 and PTEN are known to modulate tumor cell growth and proliferation. However, the molecular mechanisms modulating these genes have not completely been elucidated. In our study, real-time (RT) quantitative PCR indicated that miR?940 levels were upregulated in human cervical cancer tissue samples and cell lines. Overexpression of miR?940 could reduce overall survival in patients. Ectopic miR?940 accelerated cervical cancer cell growth, proliferation and cell cycle arrest in vitro as well as tumor formation in vivo. p27 and PTEN were evidenced as direct targets for miR?940 and inhibition of p27 and PTEN recovered the suppressive function of miR?940-silenced cell towards to proliferation and tumorigenicity in cervical cancer cells. In addition, miR?940 expression was inversely associated with p27 and PTEN expression levels and actively with cyclin D1 in cervical cancer specimens. The results from our study demonstrated that miR?940 regulated p27 and PTEN post-transcriptionally and might play a significant role in cervical cancer development and progression. Thus, miR?940 might provide a potential value as therapeutic target for cervical cancer treatment in future."	1
"Title: Stanniocalcin 1 promotes cell proliferation via cyclin E1/cyclin?dependent kinase 2 in human prostate carcinoma. Abstract: Stanniocalcin 1 (STC1) is a glycoprotein hormone that is involved in calcium/phosphate homeostasis. Increasing evidence suggests that STC1 is involved in carcinogenesis; however, few studies have defined the mechanisms and functional roles of STC1 activity in prostate carcinogenesis. In the present study, MTT, flow cytometry and colony formation assays, and small interfering RNA (siRNA) and overexpression in multiple cell lines were used to investigate the function of STC1 in prostate carcinoma in vivo and in vivo. Knockdown of endogenous STC1 using a siRNA decreased the proliferation of DU145 and LNCaP2 cells. These results were consistent with the changes in the protein levels of cyclin E1 and cyclin?dependent kinase 2. By contrast, increased expression of STC1 in RWPE-1 cells led to increased cell proliferation, suggesting that STC1 promotes prostate carcinoma cell proliferation. In summary, the present study investigated the impact of STC1 on the proliferation and growth of prostate cancer in an effort to evaluate STC1 as a predictive biomarker and as a potential target for therapy."	1
"Title: USP39 regulates the growth of SMMC-7721 cells via FoxM1. Abstract: The present study investigated ubiquitin specific peptidase 39 (USP39) gene knockdown on SMMC-7721 cellsin vitroandin vivo, and the role of USP39 in regulating the growth of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Two small interfering RNAs (siRNA) were constructed, which targeted the USP39 gene and control sequences were synthesized and inserted into a pGCSIL-GFP lentiviral vector. The full length of USP39 cDNA was amplified by polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and cloned into pEGFP-N2, and the recombinant plasmids were transfected into cells. Knockdown efficiency and upregulation of USP39 was determined by reverse transcription-quantitative PCR and western blotting. The impact of USP39 on the growth of SMMC-7721 cellsin vitrowas examined using an MTT assay, colony formation, flow cytometry (FCM) and immunohistochemical staining. The impact of USP39 on the growth of SMMC-7721 cellsin vivowas examined by assessing tumorigenicity in nude mice. Western blotting was performed to examine the mechanism of USP39 regulation on SMMC-7721 cell growth. Recombinant vectors containing specific and scrambled USP39 siRNA sequences were constructed and transfected into SMMC-7721 cells. USP39 knockdown inhibited cell proliferation and colony formation in SMMC-7721 cells, while upregulation of USP39 promoted the growth of tumor cells. FCM indicated that USP39 knockdown led to G2/M arrest and induced apoptosis in SMMC-7721 cells. USP39 knockdown inhibited xenograft tumor growth in nude mice and led to the downregulation of the transcription factor Forkhead Box M1 (FoxM1). Gene expression of FoxM1 targets, including polo-like kinase 1, cyclin B1 and centromere protein A also decreased following USP39 knockdown. The results suggest that knockdown of USP39 inhibits the growth of HCCin vitroandin vivo, potentially through the induction of G2/M arrest by regulating the pre-mRNA splicing of FoxM1."	1
"Title: Increased expression of HOXB9 in hepatocellular carcinoma predicts poor overall survival but a beneficial response to sorafenib. Abstract: At advanced stages of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), the multikinase inhibitor sorafenib is the only effective treatment. Surrogate markers that predict the biological and clinical efficacy of sorafenib may help tailor treatment on an individual patient basis. In the present study, the clinical significance of the expression of HOXB9, a transcriptional factor, in HCC was assessed. Increased HOXB9 expression in HCC was found to be positively correlated with the expression of angiogenic factors, increased vascular invasion and was found to be associated with poor overall patient survival. Sorafenib treatment effectively suppressed the expression of angiogenic factors and activation of the Raf/MEK/ERK pathway in HOXB9-expressing HCC cell lines. Consistent with these findings, HCC patients, whose cancer expressed high levels of HOXB9, exhibited increased overall survival upon sorafenib treatment. Collectively, these results suggest that HOXB9 expression in HCC could be a surrogate marker for a beneficial response to sorafenib treatment."	1
"Title: EPAC1 overexpression is a prognostic marker and its inhibition shows promising therapeutic potential for gastric cancer. Abstract: cAMP signaling controls a variety of cellular functions. In addition to the well-known signal transducer cAMP-dependent protein kinase, a more recently discovered transducer is the exchange protein directly activated by cAMP (EPAC). EPAC responses are mediated by small G proteins, which regulate biologic functions such as cell adhesion, migration and proliferation. Recently, the clinical importance of EPAC1 has received increased attention. This study investigated the correlations between the expression of EPAC1 and various clinicopathologic parameters as well as the survival of the patients with gastric cancer (GC). The patient cohort in this study consisted of 141 cases of GC that presented from 1999 through 2011; documented clinicopathologic parameters and clinical outcomes were available for all cases. Immunoblotting, immunohistochemistry and quantitative real-time PCR were used to examine EPAC1 expression in gastric cells and tissues. siRNA technology was used to study the effect of EPAC1 knockdown on cell proliferation and invasion. An increase in EPAC1 expression was found in GC cells and tissues. The overexpression of EPAC1 was associated with the depth of invasion (P=0.0021), stage (P=0.0429), and vascular invasion (P=0.0049) and was correlated with poor disease-free survival (P=0.0029) and overall survival (P=0.0024). A univariate Cox regression analysis showed that the overexpression of EPAC1 was a prognostic marker for GC (P=0.038). Furthermore, cell studies indicated that the knockdown of EPAC1 in GC cells suppressed cell proliferation and invasion. The overexpression of EPAC1 can be used as a marker to predict the outcome of patients with GC, and EPAC1 represents a potential therapeutic modality for treating GC."	1
"Title: MiR-216b increases cisplatin sensitivity in ovarian cancer cells by targeting PARP1. Abstract: Cisplatin resistance hinders the efficacy of chemotherapy in ovarian cancer. MicroRNAs (miRs) have been implicated in drug resistance in anti-cancer chemotherapy. We compared the expression profiles of miRs between cisplatin-resistant and cisplatin-sensitive ovarian cancer cells, and found that miR-216b was significantly downregulated in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells. To investigate its molecular mechanism, we performed cell viability and apoptosis assays in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cells, and found that miR-216b reduced cell viability and promoted apoptosis. Although 4 potential targets were obtained through bioinformatics, only the mRNA level of poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP)-1 was significantly regulated by miR-216b. Disruption of the complementary binding sequence of miR-216b on the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of the PARP1 led to the loss of miR-216b targeting. Spearman's correlation coefficient of the levels of miR-216b and PARP1 mRNA from 51 human ovarian cancer specimens also showed a significantly negative correlation between them. Importantly, the improved cisplatin sensitivity induced by miR-216b was markedly reversed by PARP1 overexpression. Tumor formation assay in nude mice further provided an evidence on the suppressive role of miR-216b in tumor growth. Taken together, this study demonstrated that a new miRNA, miR-216b, was involved in cisplatin resistance in ovarian cancer, which could be regarded as a potential sensitizer in cisplatin chemotherapy."	1
"Title: Inhibition of CCR7 promotes NF-?B-dependent apoptosis and suppresses epithelial-mesenchymal transition in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Activation of C-C chemokine receptor type 7 (CCR7) has been demonstrated to mediate the occurrence and progression of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the potential therapeutic role of CCR7 inhibition in NSCLC is still obscure. Thus, the present study was conducted to investigate the molecular mechanism underlying the inhibition of CCR7 on cell apoptosis and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in NSCLC A549 cells. Chemokine ligand 21 (CCL21) was used to activate CCR7 and the results revealed that CCR7 upregulation inhibited cell apoptosis and affected apoptosis?related protein levels. However, CCR7-siRNA treatment markedly promoted apoptosis and suppressed inflammatory response and transforming growth factor ?1 (TGF-?1)-induced EMT. In addition, CCR7?siRNA inactivated the NF-?B signaling pathway and inhibition of NF-?B via its specific antagonist, pyrrolidine dithiocarbamate, indicated that NF-?B was involved in the CCR7-mediated apoptosis. In conclusion, upregulation of CCR7 promoted cell proliferation and inflammation in A549 cells. In conclusion, inhibition of CCR7 via siRNA treatment promoted cell apoptosis and suppressed the inflammatory response and TGF-?1?induced EMT, which may be associated with NF-?B signaling."	1
"Title: SLC3A2 is upregulated in human osteosarcoma and promotes tumor growth through the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Abstract: Growing evidence indicates that SLC3A2 (solute carrier family 3 member 2) is upregulated and correlates with tumor growth in multiple types of cancers, while the role of SLC3A2 in human osteosarcoma (OS) is rarely discussed. Thus, the aim of the present study was to demonstrate the expression of SLC3A2 in human osteosarcoma and reveal its biological function and the underlying mechanisms. RT-PCR, western blot analysis and immunohistochemistry (IHC) were used to assess the expression of SLC3A2 in OS samples and cell lines. Cell cycle, Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) and colony formation assays were used to test the cell survival capacity. To investigate the potential mechanism by which SLC3A2 regulates OS growth, we used a slide-based antibody array. We demonstrated that SLC3A2 was upregulated in OS cell lines as well as OS tissues. High expression of SLC3A2 was correlated with clinical stage and tumor size in OS. Reduced expression of SLC3A2 inhibited OS cell proliferation through G2/M phase arrest. Most importantly, we found that SLC3A2 may regulate OS growth through the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. In conclusion, SLC3A2 is upregulated in OS and plays a crucial role in tumor growth. Targeting SLC3A2 may provide a new therapeutic strategy for OS."	1
"Title: miR-15b inhibits cancer-initiating cell phenotypes and chemoresistance of cisplatin by targeting TRIM14 in oral tongue squamous cell cancer. Abstract: Oral tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC) is one of the most lethal cancers within the oral cavity and its prognosis remains dismal due to the paucity of effective therapeutic targets. The formation of cancer-initiating cells (CICs) and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) are pivotal events involved in the dismal prognosis. They have been shown to be related to the resistance to cisplatin treatment. In the present study, we showed that TRIM14 induced formation of cancer-initiating cells and EMT in TSCC SCC25 cells. Its overexpression promoted cisplatin resistance in the SCC25 cells. We found that overexpression of miR-15b suppressed TRIM14 and inhibited CIC phenotypes in the SCC25 cells. Moreover, overexpression of miR-15b promoted mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET) in the SCC25 cells and sensitized cisplatin-resistant SCC25 (SCC25-res) cells to cisplatin. Thus, we conclude that miR-15b inhibited cancer stem cell phenotypes and its restoration reversed the chemoresistance of cisplatin by targeting TRIM14 in TSCC. Elucidating the molecular mechanism of EMT and cancer stem cells in TSCC may further aid in the understanding of the pathogenesis and progression of the disease, and offer novel targets for the discovery of new drugs."	1
"Title: Overexpression of RIP140 suppresses the malignant potential of hepatocellular carcinoma by inhibiting NF??B?mediated alternative polarization of macrophages. Abstract: Tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) and their alternative activation contribute greatly to the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Receptor-interacting protein 140 (RIP140) is widely expressed in macrophages and regulates macrophage-mediated energy metabolism, the inflammatory response and tumorigenesis. However, whether RIP140 is involved in the activation of TAMs has not been reported. In the present study, we determined the expression of RIP140 in macrophages after treatment with HCC-conditioned medium (HCM) for 24 h. We also analyzed the effects of RIP140 overexpression on macrophage polarization, invasion and apoptosis of HepG2 and Huh7 cells. Transwell and apoptosis assays were used to estimated cell invasion and apoptosis. In addition, we investigated the effects of RIP140 overexpression in macrophages on the growth of H22 cells by subcutaneous injection of H22 cells along with macrophages in BALB/c nude mice. Western blotting and qRT-PCR were used to detect protein and mRNA expression associated with the NF-?B/IL-6 axis in TAMs. Immunohistochemical and immunofluorescence staining were used to evaluate the protein expression of RIP140 or F4/80 in human HCC samples. The protein expression of RIP140 in peripheral blood mononuclear cells was detected by western blotting. Kaplan?Meier survival curve estimation of overall survival for patients with HCC was based on RIP140 or F4/80 expression in HCC samples. We found that HCM inhibited RIP140 expression and fostered the alternative activation of macrophages. RIP140 overexpression in TAMs significantly inhibited the alternative activation of macrophages by inhibiting the NF-?B/IL-6 axis in TAMs, and suppressed HCC cell growth both in vitro and in vivo. In addition, the protein expression of RIP140 in peripheral blood monocytes was significantly lower in patients with HCC than in healthy people, and this result was consistent with the expression of RIP140 in HCC samples. Furthermore, low RIP140 expression and high F4/80 expression were found to be closely correlated with shorter survival time of the patients with HCC."	1
"Title: Imperatorin efficiently blocks TNF-?-mediated activation of ROS/PI3K/Akt/NF-?B pathway. Abstract: Inflammation contributes to development and progression in a variety of cancers, including cervical cancer, which is the second leading cause of cancer deaths in women worldwide. In this study, we examined the anti-inflammatory effects of imperatorin, a psoralen-type furanocoumarin from the fruits of Angelica dahurica, in tumor necrosis factor-? (TNF-?)-stimulated HeLa cells by investigating its impact on the production and expression of cytokines and the major signal-transduction pathways. We found this compound significantly inhibited the TNF-?-induced expression of NF-?B target genes, such as COX-2, cyclin D1, MMP-9, VEGF, IL-6 and Bcl-xL in a concentration-dependent manner. Further analysis revealed that imperatorin was a potent inhibitor of NF-?B activation by the suppression of TNF-?-induced IKK?/? phosphorylation, I?B phosphorylation and degradation, and NF-?B p65 nuclear translocation. We also demonstrated that imperatorin downregulated TNF-?-induced activation of PI3K/Akt. Furthermore, our findings show that imperatorin inhibits TNF-?-induced ROS generation. Taken together, imperatorin can blunt inflammation by inhibiting the ROS-mediated activation of the PI3K/Akt/NF-?B pathway."	1
"Title: TXNIP overexpression suppresses proliferation and induces apoptosis in SMMC7221 cells through ROS generation and MAPK pathway activation. Abstract: Thioredoxin binding protein (thioredoxin-interacting protein, TXNIP), known as vitamin D3 increase protein 1, has been identified as a tumor suppressor in various cancers such as pancreatic, breast, lung and thyroid cancer. However, the role of TXNIP in hepatocellular carcinoma cell proliferation and apoptosis remains unknown. In this study, we first used qRT-PCR, western blotting and immunohistochemistry to compare the expression of TXNIP between hepatocellular carcinoma tissues and tumor-adjacent normal liver tissues. In vitro, we explored the role of TXNIP in hepatocellular carcinoma progression via transfection of the pcDNA-3.1-TXNIP plasmid into SMMC7221 cells. Our results showed that the expression of TXNIP was significantly decreased in hepatocellular carcinoma tissues. Moreover, TXNIP over-expression inhibited hepatocellular carcinoma cell proliferation and induced apoptosis by triggering mitochondrial-mediated ROS generation and activating MAPK pathways. This study provides insight into the molecular mechanisms of TXNIP overexpression in liver cancer cell survival and apoptosis and indicated that TXNIP may be a novel promising agent for liver cancer treatment."	1
"Title: miR?27a promotes proliferation, migration, and invasion of colorectal cancer by targeting FAM172A and acts as a diagnostic and prognostic biomarker. Abstract: Accumulating evidence shows that mircroRNAs (miRNAs) play a crucial role in the development of colorectal cancer. In our previous study, FAM172A was demonstrated to be a novel tumor suppressor gene in CRC. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to identify whether the miR?27a could be a diagnostic and prognostic marker and the regulatory relationships between miR?27a and FAM172A. We demonstrated high levels of miR?27a expression in tissues of patients with CRC as well as in CRC cell lines. There was a positive correlation between the levels of miR?27a and the poor overall survival of patients with CRC. Furthermore, elevated levels of miR?27a expression were associated with TNM stage and distant metastasis. Increased expression or inhibition of miR?27a promoted or inhibited the metastasis of CRC cell lines, respectively. Moreover, we showed that miR?27a directly targets the 3'-untranslated region of FAM172A mRNA by using a dual-luciferase assay. Increased or decreased expression of FAM172A expression was observed when miR?27a expression was inhibited or elevated in the CRC cells, respectively. In summary, our study showed that miR?27a expression is a diagnostic and prognostic marker and correlates with overall survival of patients with CRC. Therefore, it may be a therapeutic approach for preventing metastasis of CRC to inhibit expression of miR?27a or increase expression of FAM172A."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-1299 is a negative regulator of STAT3 in colon cancer. Abstract: Signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT) is a family of transcription factors which regulate cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, metastasis, immune and inflammatory responses, and angiogenesis. STAT3 is a latent cytoplasmic transcription factor that belongs to STATs. STAT3 has been reported be regulates genes involved with cellular growth, proliferation and metastasis. Worldwide, colon cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related deaths. Cumulative evidence has established that STAT3 is essential for colon cancer progression to advanced malignancy. In our study, we showed that microRNA-1299 (miR-1299) was closely related to the TNM stage of colon cancer, and that the expression of miR-1299 was negatively correlated with the expression of STAT3 in colon cancer which means that miR-1299 can be a negative regulator of STAT3 in colon cancer. A total of 60 cases of different grades of colon samples were used to detect the expression of miR-1299. Results showed that miR-1299 was significantly lower in high-grade colons both in mRNA and protein levels. Furthermore, Overall survival (OS) in patients with low miR-1299 is shorter than 25.6 months, as compared with an OS of 28.4 months in patients with high level of miR-1299. We also confirmed that the overexpression of miR-1299 can not only downregulate the STAT3 pathway, but also inhibited colon cancer cell growth. Our findings could provide new insights into the molecular therapeutic of colon cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-15b promotes proliferation and invasion of non?small cell lung carcinoma cells by directly targeting TIMP2. Abstract: MicroRNA-15b (miR-15b) plays an important role in tumor development and progression. miR-15b functions differently in various types of malignant tumors. However, the expression pattern and role of miR-15b in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) have not been elucidated. In the present study, we investigated the effect of miR-15b on the occurrence and development of lung cancer and the underlying mechanism. Lung cancer cell lines A549 and LTEP-a-2 were transfected with miR-15b inhibitor or mimic, respectively. Real-time PCR revealed that the expression level of miR-15b was significantly higher in human NSCLC tissues and NSCLC cells, than that of normal tissues and cells, respectively (P<0.05). Moreover, the effect of miR-15b on A549 and LTEP-a-2 cell viability, cell cycle, migration and invasion was further evaluated. Experiments indicated that miR?15b knockdown inhibited the viability, cell cycle, migration and invasion in A549 cells, while upregulation of miR-15b exhibited the opposite effect. Tissue inhibitor of metallopeptidases 2 (TIMP2) protein and mRNA levels were downregulated after miR-15b overexpression in A549 and LTEP-a-2 cells, respectively. The dual-luciferase reporter gene assay implied that TIMP2 is a direct target gene of miR-15b. Our results indicate that high expression of miR-15b is associated with NSCLC and suggest that miR-15b expression may be a novel biomarker for predicting clinical outcomes in NSCLC patients. The inhibition of miR-15b may even provide helpful therapeutic strategies for the treatment of NSCLC."	1
"Title: Evaluation of expression of cancer stem cell markers and fusion gene in synovial sarcoma: Insights into histogenesis and pathogenesis. Abstract: Synovial sarcoma (SS) is an aggressive soft tissue tumor, with uncertain histological and cellular origin. SYT-SSX is considered to be responsible for sarcoma initiation and progression. The histogenesis and pathogenesis of this tumor are poorly understood, and prognosis of patients of SS is unsatisfactory. Recent studies have shown an association of cancer stem cells with the initiation and development of tumors. We explored immunohistochemical expression level of stem cell associated markers to determine the possible histogenesis and pathogenesis of SS. Fusion gene SYT-SSX was tested to assess diagnostic value and the molecular pathological features. We obtained the clinicopathological data of 20 SS patients, immunohistochemical staining were used to evaluate stem cell-associated markers included CD133, CD29, CD44, nestin, and ALDH1. Fusion gene SYT-SSX was tested by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR). Twenty SS cases were observed and the positive immuno-expression results showed CD133 (17/20), CD29 (11/20), CD44 (11/20), nestin (6/20), and ALDH1 (5/20). Fusion gene SYT-SSX was successfully detected by RT-PCR from 18 available samples. The expression of stem cell-associated markers (CD133, CD29, CD44, Nestin, and ALDH1) and clinical data (age, gender, sites, tumor size, histological type, tumor stage, and distant metastases) did not show statistically significant relationship (P>0.05), whereas, statistically significance between ALDH1 and metastases was observed (P<0.01). The ALDH1 positive synovial sarcoma (ALDH1+ SS) cases had significantly poor prognosis compared to ALDH1 negative synovial sarcoma (ALDH1- SS) cases (P<0.05). Immunohistochemical results indicated different expression levels of the five cancer stem cell markers in SS suggesting that SS may arise from cancer stem cells. Fusion gene SYT-SSX may play a critical role in the molecular pathological of SS."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-379-5p plays a tumor-suppressive role in human bladder cancer growth and metastasis by directly targeting MDM2. Abstract: Bladder cancer is the second most common urological malignancy in the US and is the most frequently diagnosed urological malignancy in China. An increasing amount of evidence indicates that microRNAs perform extremely important functions in many biological processes related to the formation and progression of cancers, including bladder cancer. Previous studies have reported that microRNA?379-5p (miR-379-5p) is involved in tumour initiation and development in human cancers. However, the expression pattern, biological functions and the underlying mechanisms of miR-379-5p in bladder cancer remain unknown. The present study demonstrated that the expression levels of miR?379-5p in bladder cancer tissues and cell lines were lower than the levels in adjacent normal tissues and the human bladder epithelial immortalized SV-HUC-1 cell line. Restoration of the expression of miR-379-5p inhibited bladder cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Mouse double minute 2 (MDM2) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-379-5p. Furthermore, similar to miR-379-5p overexpression in bladder cancer cells, inhibition of MDM2 exerted tumor-suppressive effects. Rescue experiments showed that upregulation of MDM2 reversed the inhibitory effects of miR-379-5p on bladder cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion. MDM2 was highly expressed and inversely correlated with miR-379-5p expression in bladder cancer tissues. These findings suggest that the miR-379-5p/MDM2 pathway plays an important role in bladder cancer and could serve as a potential candidate for bladder cancer therapeutics."	1
"Title: ?-catenin induces expression of prohibitin gene in acute leukemic cells. Abstract: Prohibitin (PHB) is a multifunctional protein conserved in eukaryotic systems and shows various expression levels in tumor cells. However, regulation of PHB is not clearly understood. Here, we focused on the regulation of PHB expression by Wnt signaling, one of dominant regulatory signals in various leukemic cells. High mRNA levels of PHB were found in half of clinical leukemia samples. PHB expression was increased by inhibition of the MAPK pathway and decreased by activation of EGF signal. Although cell proliferating signals downregulated the transcription of PHB, treatment with lithium chloride, an analog of the Wnt signal, induced PHB level in various cell types. We identified the TCF-4/LEF-1 binding motif, CATCTG, in the promoter region of PHB by site-directed mutagenesis and ChIP assay. This ?-catenin-mediated activation of PHB expression was independent of c?MYC activation, a product of Wnt signaling. These data indicate that PHB is a direct target of ?-catenin and the increased level of PHB in leukemia can be regulated by Wnt signaling."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-27b functions as a new inhibitor of ovarian cancer-mediated vasculogenic mimicry through suppression of VE-cadherin expression. Abstract: Aggressive cancer cells gain robust tumor vascular mimicry (VM) capability that promotes tumor growth and metastasis.VE-cadherinis aberrantly overexpressed in vasculogenic cancer cells and regarded as a master gene of tumor VM. Although microRNAs (miRNAs) play an important role in modulating tumor angiogenesis and cancer metastasis, the miRNA that targetsVE-cadherinexpression in cancer cells to inhibit tumor cell-mediated VM is enigmatic. In this study, we found that miR-27b levels are negatively co-related toVE-cadherinexpression in ovarian cancer cells and tumor cell-mediated VM, and demonstrated that miR-27b could bind to the 3'-untranslated region (3'UTR) ofVE-cadherinmRNA. Overexpression of miR-27b in aggressive ovarian cancer cell lines Hey1B and ES2 significantly diminished intracellularVE-cadherinexpression; convincingly, the inhibitory effect of miR-27b could be reversed by miR-27b specific inhibitor. Intriguingly, miR-27b not only effectively suppressed ovarian cancer cell migration and invasion, but also markedly inhibited formation of ovarian cancer cell-mediated capillary-like structures in vitro and suppressed generation of functional tumor blood vessels in mice. Together, our study suggests that miR-27b functions as a new inhibitor of ovarian cancer cell-mediated VM through suppression ofVE-cadherinexpression, providing a new potential drug candidate for antitumor VM and anti-ovarian cancer therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-200c regulates cisplatin resistance by targeting ZEB2 in human gastric cancer cells. Abstract: This study was specifically designed to confirm the hypothesis that microRNA-200c (miR-200c) affects the development of cisplatin (DDP) resistance in human gastric cancer cells by targeting zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 2 (ZEB2). A total of 50 gastric cancer tissues and their corresponding normal adjacent tissue samples were collected. Then, the expression levels of miR-200c and ZEB2 in both gastric cancer specimens and cells were detected using the quantitative real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and immunohistochemical methods. A dual?luciferase reporter gene assay was conducted to evaluate the effect of miR-200c on the 3'-untranslated region (3'UTR) luciferase activity of ZEB2. SGC7901/DDP cells were transfected with miR-200c mimics and ZEB2 siRNA, respectively. Subsequently, changes in cellular proliferation and apoptosis were detected through the methyl thiazolyl tetrazolium assay and flow cytometric analysis, respectively. We also carried out a western blot analysis assay in order to detect the expression of apoptosis-related genes and ZEB2. miR-200c was significantly downregulated and ZEB2 was significantly upregulated in both gastric cancer tissues and SGC7901/DDP cells when compared with those in normal tissues and SGC7901 cells (P<0.01). The dual luciferase reporter gene assay showed that miR-200c could specifically bind with the 3'UTR of ZEB2 and significantly suppress the luciferase activity by 42% (P<0.01). Upregulation of miR-200c or downregulation of ZEB2 enhanced the sensitivity of SGC7901/DDP cells to DDP. miR?200c was significantly downregulated in both gastric cancer tissues and cells, while the expression of ZEB2 exhibited the opposite trend. Our study further demonstrated that miR-200c could enhance the sensitivity of SGC7901/DDP cells to DDP through targeted regulation of ZEB2 expression in gastric cancer tissues."	1
"Title: High expression of PIWIL2 promotes tumor cell proliferation, migration and predicts a poor prognosis in glioma. Abstract: Piwi-like RNA-mediated gene silencing 2 (PIWIL2), has been reported as an oncogene tightly associated with the genesis and progression of various malignancies. Nevertheless, the function of the PIWIL2 protein in human gliomas has not yet been clarified. In this study, we sought to investigate the clinical significance of PIWIL2 expression and reveal its function in the pathological process of gliomas. Through western blot and immunohistochemical analyses we found that PIWIL2 was overexpressed in glioma tissues. Moreover, the expression level of PIWIL2 was also significantly correlated with the WHO grades of human gliomas and Ki-67 expression. Kaplan?Meier curves indicated that PIWIL2 was a prognostic factor for the survival of glioma patients and a high expression of PIWIL2 was correlated with a poor prognosis. In vitro, knockdown of PIWIL2 in glioma cells was shown to induce cell cycle arrest and increase apoptosis. Furthermore, silencing of PIWIL2 expression also obviously suppressed the migration of glioma cells. All the results demonstrated that PIWIL2 plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of human gliomas and may be used as a potential diagnostic marker and a therapeutic target of glioma in the future."	1
"Title: Amplification and the clinical significance of circulating cell-free DNA of PVT1 in breast cancer. Abstract: Duplication in the chromosome 8q24 region is a frequent occurrence in carcinomas. The PVT1 oncogene (PVT1), a long non-coding RNA, is found in this locus. PVT1 amplification is a frequent event in cancers, such as in lymphomas, serous ovarian, colorectal and breast cancers. Ectopic PVT1 expression is related with reduced survival duration in cancer patients. in the present study, we proved that PVT1 is markedly augmented in breast cancer tissues compared with adjacent non-tumorous tissues. Thus, PVT1 is an independent prognostic factor for the survival duration of breast cancer patients. Furthermore, PVT1 is pivotal in regulating p21 expression. In addition, we detected PVT1 DNA in serum and found that circulating PVT1 DNA significantly increased in the serum of breast cancer patients. Compared with PVT1 RNA, DNA is the main form of the PVT1-derived segment. These relevant findings collectively demonstrate that PVT1 plays a pivotal role in breast cancer and is a possible target for novel breast cancer therapies. The detection of circulating PVT1 DNA fragments may be a convenient means to predict the prognosis of breast cancer patients."	1
"Title: Fangchinoline suppresses growth and metastasis of melanoma cells by inhibiting the phosphorylation of FAK. Abstract: Melanoma is a malignant tumor with high degree of malignancy, metastasis and high mortality. The etiology of melanoma has not been fully elucidated, and there is no effective drug for the complete treatment of melanoma. In recent years, many traditional Chinese herbal medicines have played an important role in clinical treatment and experimental research on cancer. As a natural product, fangchinoline has the characteristics of enhancing immune function, low toxicity and good liver protection features, so it is considered to be a new type of anticancer drug. In the present study, we found that fangchinoline has inhibitory effects on the proliferation and metastasis of A375 and A875 cells in a concentration-dependent manner. Fangchinoline inhibited the proliferation of A375 and A875 cell activity with IC50 values of 12.41 and 16.20 µM. We also found that fangchinoline could significantly reduce the phosphorylation of Focal adhesion kinase (FAK). In summary, we demonstrated that fangchinoline inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of melanoma cells by suppressing FAK and its downstream signaling pathway. More importantly, we provide a novel mechanism that fangchinoline could be an effective candidate for the treatment of melanoma."	1
"Title: DcR3 promotes hepatoma cell migration by downregulating E-cadherin expression. Abstract: Decoy receptor 3 (DcR3), a decoy molecule belonging to the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily (TNFRSF), is a soluble receptor that can neutralize the biological effects of three other TNFSF members, namely, Fas ligand (FasL/TNFSF6/CD95L), LIGHT (TNFSF14) and TNF-like molecule 1A (TL1A/TNFSF15). DcR3 expression is increased in tumor cells. As such, DcR3 has been considered a potential biomarker to predict cancer invasion and progression of inflammation. However, the molecular mechanisms of DcR3 in tumor progression and metastasis remain poorly described. In the present study, DcR3 induced cytoskeleton remodeling, inhibited E-cadherin expression, and promoted cancer cell migration. Immunofluorescence and flow cytometry demonstrated that DcR3 expression was increased in hepatoma cells, whereas E-cadherin expression was significantly downregulated. Immunohistochemistry revealed that DcR3 and E-cadherin exhibited an opposite expression pattern between normal and cancerous liver tissues. Moreover, DcR3 treatment promoted I?B? degradation and p65 nuclear translocation. Therefore, the present study uncovered the mechanism underlying the function of DcR3 in cancer cell migration and provides evidence that DcR3 may be a potential target for cancer therapy."	1
"Title: miR-30e acts as a tumor suppressor in hepatocellular carcinoma partly via JAK1/STAT3 pathway. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the leading cause of cancer-associated mortalities. The effective diagnostic and therapeutic targets for HCC are still unclear. miR-30e was differentially expressed in the majority of HCC tissues and cell lines. The aim of this study was to investigate the functional roles of miR-30e and their modulation of cancer networks in HCC cells. We determined the expression of miR-30e by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction, and found downregulation of miR-30e in HepG2 and HuH7 cells. miR-30e mimics significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration, and invasion of HepG2 and HuH7 cells, and promoted cell apoptosis, but did not influence the cell cycle. Dual-luciferase reporter assays were applied to identify JAK1 as target of miR-30e. miR-30e mimics downregulated the expression levels of JAK1 and vimentin in mRNA and protein in HepG2 and HuH7 cells. Silence of JAK1 by small interfering RNAs inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion of HCC cells. Furthermore, we verified that, IL-6, an agonist of JAK1/STAT3 pathway partly recovered the inhibition of miR-30e mimics on cell migration. Taken together, these findings confirmed our speculation that the functional effect of miR-30e on HCC cells, in part, is dependent on the JAK1/STAT3 signaling pathway. It was suggested that miR-30e has a critical role in the suppression of HCC and presents a novel mechanism of miRNA-mediated JAK1 expression in cancer cells that might be a good prognostic marker for survival of HCC patients."	1
"Title: miR-1247-5p functions as a tumor suppressor in human hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting Wnt3. Abstract: Increasing evidence suggests that aberrant expression of certain microRNAs (miRNAs) may participate in the genesis and progression of tumors. Several studies have indicated that miR-1247-5p plays different roles in various types of cancer cells. The effects of miR-1247-5p on human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells are elusive. In the present study, we investigated the effects of miR-1247-5p on the progression of HCC. The transcript of miR-1247-5p was markedly downregulated in clinical samples of patients with HCC and HCC cell lines, and ectopic overexpression of miR?1247-5p markedly inhibited the proliferation and invasion of HepG2 cells, induced cell apoptosis in vitro, and suppressed the growth of transplanted tumors in vivo. Wnt3 was found to be a potential target of miR-1247-5p and overexpression of miR-1247-5p was able to significantly downregulate the expression of Wnt3 by directly targeting the 3'UTR of this gene, which was verified by luciferase reporter assay and western blotting. Furthermore, we found that the miR-1247-5p gene was hypermethylated in HepG2 cells, and the transcript of miR-1247-5p was increased significantly after treatment with the demethylation drug 5-azacytidine. These findings demonstrated that miR-1247-5p functions as a tumor suppressor in human HCC by targeting Wnt3 and that the expression of miR-1247-5p can be regulated by DNA methylation, which indicates that miR-1247-5p has the potential to be a therapeutic target as well as a diagnostic marker of HCC."	1
"Title: Overexpression of microRNA-133b is associated with the increased survival of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma after curative hepatectomy: Involvement of the EGFR/PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway. Abstract: The aim of the present study was carried out to investigate the association of microRNA-133b (miRNA-133b) expression with the prognosis of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) after curative hepatectomy. In the present study, the expression of miRNA-133b in HCC tissues was determined to be lower than that noted in the adjacent normal tissues. Overall and disease-free survival of the HCC patients with high miRNA-133b expression was observably extended, compared with the HCC patients with low miRNA?133b expression. Moreover, the overexpression of miRNA-133b inhibited cell proliferation, increased lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) activity, induced apoptosis and promoted caspase?3/-8 activities and Bax/Bcl-2 protein expression in HCC cells, whereas the protein expression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) was significantly decreased. The overexpression of miRNA-133b significantly suppressed PI3K, phosphorylated (p)-Akt and p-mTOR protein expression in HCC cells. GW2974, an EGFR inhibitor, suppressed the protein expression of EGFR, inhibited cell proliferation, increased LDH activity, induced apoptosis and promoted caspase-3/-8 activities and Bax/Bcl-2 protein expression, downregulated PI3K, p-Akt and p-mTOR protein expression in the transfected HCC cells overexpressing miRNA-133b. Taken together, our results indicate that the overexpression of miRNA-133b is associated with the increased survival of HCC patients after curative hepatectomy. The effects of miRNA-133b in HCC are mediated through the EGFR/PI3K/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-148a suppresses epithelial-mesenchymal transition and invasion of pancreatic cancer cells by targeting Wnt10b and inhibiting the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) plays a critical role in the process of cancer invasion and metastasis. The Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway is known as a stimulative factor, which may trigger EMT and metastasis of cancer cells. In addition, several microRNAs (miRNAs) have been proven to regulate the EMT process. Recent research revealed that miR?148a is downregulated in pancreatic cancer. However, the definite role of miR-148a in EMT and invasion of pancreatic cancer is still unknown. The present study attempted to demonstrate the underlying mechanism of miR-148a in the regulation of EMT and invasion of pancreatic cancer cells. Our data revealed that the expression of miR-148a was markedly downregulated in human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) cell lines and tissues. In addition, the downregulation of miR-148a was associated with poor prognosis and EMT phenotype. Furthermore, restoration of miR-148a expression inhibited the EMT process, as well as the migration and invasion of BxPC-3 pancreatic cancer cells. Wnt10b, a promoting molecule of the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway, was demonstrated by dual?luciferase reporter assay to be a direct target of miR?148a. Subsequently, we found that miR?148a negatively regulated the protein expression of ?-catenin, cyclin D1 and MMP-9, which were important components of the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway. In conclusion, these findings revealed that miR-148a suppresses EMT and invasion of pancreatic cancer cells by targeting Wnt10b and inhibiting the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway, and thus, miR-148a may serve as a novel therapeutic target for pancreatic cancer."	1
"Title: Microarray expression profile of long non-coding RNAs in paclitaxel-resistant human lung adenocarcinoma cells. Abstract: Paclitaxel (PTX)-based chemotherapy is a standard treatment for human lung adenocarcinoma, but treatment often fails since resistance develops. Recent studies have described the activity of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in many biological processes and human diseases. Chemotherapy resistance is one of these areas, but the role of lncRNAs in paclitaxel resistance of human lung adenocarcinoma cells has not been reported. A paclitaxel resistance model was established using A549 human lung adenocarcinoma cells. lncRNAs and mRNAs were profiled in parental A549 and paclitaxel-resistant A549/PTX cells by microarray analysis. Real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) was used to validate the results of the microarray. Chromosomal distribution patterns of differentially expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs were assessed. Gene Ontology (GO) and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway analyses were performed using gene set enrichment. We screened 1,154 lncRNAs and 1,733 mRNAs that had a >3-fold difference in expression in A549/PTX cells compared with A549 cells, most of which were downregulated. Nine lncRNAs and six mRNAs were randomly selected and validated by RT-qPCR. Most aberrantly expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs were located on chromosomes 1, 2, 6, 12 and 17, particularly on chromosome 1. Bioinformatics, GO and KEGG pathway analyses, revealed that some differentially expressed genes regulated classical functions and pathways such as cytosol components, protein binding, gene expression and metabolic pathways. Differential expression of lncRNAs and mRNAs in A549/PTX and A549 cells indicates that various lncRNAs may be useful diagnostic or prognostic markers of resistance to treatment, or future targets for paclitaxel-based chemotherapy, providing a novel rationale for clinical treatment."	1
"Title: KLF2 inhibits cell growth via regulating HIF-1?/Notch-1 signal pathway in human colorectal cancer HCT116 cells. Abstract: The transcription factor Krüppel-like factor 2 (KLF2) has been shown to function as a tumor suppressor and regulate biological processes of cancer cells, such as cell growth, cell apoptosis and angiogenesis. However, the function and mechanism of KLF2 in colorectal cancer (CRC) is still unknown. In the present study, we show that the expression of KLF2 is diminished in a cohort of CRC cell lines. Also, KLF2 overexpression remarkably inhibits HCT116 and SW480 cell survival and proliferation. Moreover, cell death detection ELISA plus assay showed that KLF2 overexpression increased HCT116 cell proliferation. Caspase-3/7 activity also increased in HCT116 cells transfected with PcDNA3.1-KLF2. Further studies showed that KLF2 significantly suppresses the expression of Notch-1 and is dependent on the decline of the HIF-1? level. Most importantly, silencing Notch-1 expression or HIF-1? level both impair the action of KLF2 overexpression in CRC cells. Collectively, we demonstrated that KLF2 mediates CRC cell biological processes including cell growth and apoptosis via regulating the HIF-1?/Notch-1 signal pathway. These results indicated that KLF2 plays an important role in CRC and provided novel insight on the function of KLF2 in tumor progression."	1
"Title: Coptidis Rhizoma induces intrinsic apoptosis through BAX and BAK activation in human melanoma. Abstract: Malignant melanoma has exhibited a rising incidence in recent years worldwide. Although various molecular targeted drugs are being researched and developed for melanoma patients, their efficacy appears to be unsatisfactory. Over the past few years, several reports have demonstrated that Coptidis Rhizoma water extracts (CR) or its major active chemical component, berberine, has anticancer activities in various types of cancer, including melanoma. However, their underlying mechanisms have not been well understood. In the present study, we determined that CR suppressed melanoma cell viability, which was mainly mediated through apoptosis. In addition, the expression levels of anti-apoptotic proteins, BCL2A1, MCL1 and BCL-w, were strongly suppressed by CR treatment. Furthermore, multi-domain pro-apoptotic proteins BAX and BAK were activated by CR treatment and were also required for the CR-induced apoptosis. Collectively, CR or some formulations containing CR, may be effective safe treatment strategies for human melanoma."	1
"Title: Stromal antigen 2 functions as a tumor suppressor in bladder cancer cells. Abstract: Stromal antigen 2 (STAG2) is a subunit of the cohesion complex that plays an important role in the normal segregation of sister chromatids during mitosis or meiosis. However, the effect of STAG2 on the bladder cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion has not yet been fully clarified. In this study, we aimed to characterize STAG2 expression and functional significance in BC and adjacent normal tissue. Notably, STAG2 expression was markedly lower in BC cells and tumor tissues than their normal counterparts at the gene and protein levels. Moreover, clinicopathological analysis showed that the low STAG2 expression is associated with TNM stage. Functional analysis demonstrated that STAG2 overexpression attenuated cell proliferation via G1-phase arrest, invasion, and migration, and promoted apoptosis in BC cell lines, while the opposite was observed with STAG2 knockdown cells. Furthermore, STAG2 overexpression upregulated E-cadherin, caspase-3, and caspase-7 and downregulated vimentin, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)2, and MMP9. Collectively, these data suggest that STAG2 acts as a tumor suppressor gene in bladder cancer and may be a potential therapeutic target in BC."	1
"Title: miR-543 functions as a tumor suppressor in glioma in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Gliomas are the most common primary central nervous system tumors and account for approximately 80% of malignant brain tumors. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small non-coding, regulatory RNA molecules that mediate the expression levels of specific proteins. As a member of the miRNA family, miR-543 plays a tumor suppressive or an oncogenic role in different types of tumors. However, the expression and role of miR-543 in glioma remain unknown. In the present study, the expression level of miR-543 in glioma cell lines and tissues was investigated. A series of in vitro and in vivo experiments was then performed to elucidate the function of miR-543 in glioma. Moreover, proteomic profiling was applied in this study to determine the landscape of differentially expressed proteins associated with miR-543-mediated carcinogenesis in glioma. We found that the expression level of miR-543 was greatly downregulated in glioma cell lines and tissues. Furthermore, the expression level of miR-543 was negatively associated with high-grade glioma. Functional studies demonstrated that miR-543 in glioma cells induced apoptosis and inhibited growth, the cell cycle, migration and invasion. In addition, the in vivo study showed that miR-543 suppressed tumorigenicity of glioma cells. In the present study, a label-free quantitative proteomic approach was performed and 339 proteins were identified as dysregulated after miR-543 was overexpressed. Among these dysregulated proteins, 165 were upregulated and 174 were downregulated. Moreover, multiple pathways were significantly enriched and were probably involved in miR-543-mediated tumorigenesis, including RNA degradation and the inositol phosphate metabolism pathway. In conclusion, miR-543 may function as a tumor suppressor in glioma and may serve as a future therapeutic target in therapy for patients with glioma."	1
"Title: Lentivirus?mediated knockdown of chondroitin polymerizing factor inhibits glioma cell growth in vitro. Abstract: Glioma is the most common primary tumor in the central nervous system, characterized by rapid progression, aggressive behavior, frequent recurrence and poor prognosis. In the present study we demonstrated that chondroitin polymerizing factor (CHPF) is highly expressed in human glioma tissues and 4 glioma cell lines. To explore the role of CHPF in glioma, a lentiviral vector expressing CHPF shRNA was constructed and transfected into the glioma U251 cells, which stably downregulated the expression levels of the CHPF gene in U251 cells in vitro. U251 cell proliferation inhibition rates were determined by MTT assay. The effect of survivin shRNA on U251 cell cycle distribution and cell apoptosis was determined by ?ow cytometry. Compared to the shRNA?Ctrl group of cells, the shRNA-CHPF group of cells exhibited decreased proliferation and a significant increase in the proportion of cells in the G0/G1 phase. In addition, we found that knockdown of the expression of CHPF increased apoptosis in glioma U251 cells. Therefore, our results confirmed that CHPF promotes growth and inhibits apoptosis in glioma U251 cells. Thus, by in vivo and in vitro data, the present study suggests that CHPF could be a new potential therapeutic target for glioma."	1
"Title: Overexpression of microRNA-495 suppresses the proliferation and invasion and induces the apoptosis of osteosarcoma cells by targeting high-mobility group nucleosome-binding domain 5. Abstract: It has been suggested that microRNAs (miRNAs) act as critical regulators in tumorigenesis. MicroRNA-495 (miR-495) has been suggested as a cancer-associated miRNA in various types of cancers; however, the role of miR-495 in osteosarcoma is unknown. The aim of the present study was to determine whether miR-495 is involved in osteosarcoma, and to investigate the potential molecular mechanism of its involvement. We found that miR-495 was significantly downregulated in osteosarcoma tissues and cell lines, as detected by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). Overexpression of miR-495 inhibited osteosarcoma cell proliferation in 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)- ,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide, colony formation and cell cycle assays. Overexpression of miR-495 induced osteosarcoma cell apoptosis. Moreover, miR-495 overexpression also inhibited osteosarcoma cell invasion. Bioinformatics and luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that miR-495 targets the 3'-untranslated region of high-mobility group nucleosome?binding domain 5 (HMGN5), a potential oncogene in various types of cancers. Overexpression of miR-495 inhibited the expression of HMGN5, cyclin B1, Bcl-2 and matrix metalloproteinase 9. In addition, restoration of HMGN5 protein expression abrogated the miR-495-induced effects. Taken together, the present study indicated that miR-495 suppresses the proliferation and invasion and induces the apoptosis of osteosarcoma cells by targeting HMGN5, providing a novel insight into the molecular pathogenesis of osteosarcoma and suggesting a potential molecular target for the development of an miRNA-targeted therapeutic strategy for osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: Targeting the PD-L1/DNMT1 axis in acquired resistance to sorafenib in human hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Molecule-targeted therapy, such as sorafenib, is one of the effectively therapeutic options for advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, acquired resistance to sorafenib has been found in some HCC patients, resulting in poor prognosis. It is reported that PD-L1 and DNA methyltransferases (DNMTs) contribute to drug resistance. In this study, by inducing sorafenib-resistant HCC cell lines, we investigated their molecular and functional characteristics. Our data indicated that highly upregulated DNMT1 was positively correlated with PD-L1 overexpression in sorafenib-resistant HCC cells. We demonstrate that PD-L1 regulate DNMT1 through STAT3 signaling pathway. Knockdown of PD-L1 induced DNMT1-dependent DNA hypomethylation and restored the expression of methylation-silenced CDH1. Moreover, inactivation of NF?B blocked PD-L1/STAT3/DNMT1 pathway in sorafenib-resistant HCC cells. Functionally, genetic or pharmacological disruption of PD-L1 or/and DNMT1 sensitize HCC resistance to sorafenib. Importantly, dual inactivation of PD-L1 and DNMT1 by their inhibitor synergistically disrupts the colony formation of sorafenib-resistant HCC cells. These results demonstrate that targeting NF?B/PDL1/STAT3/DNMT1 axis is a new therapeutic strategy for preventing or overcoming the acquired resistance to sorafenib in HCC patients."	1
"Title: Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway activation reverses gemcitabine resistance by attenuating Beclin1-mediated autophagy in the MG63 human osteosarcoma cell line. Abstract: Anaberrant Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway is frequently implicated in tumorigenesis. However, whether the Wnt/??catenin pathway plays a role in resistance to antitumor chemotherapy drugs remains unknown. In the present study, the process of autophagy was assessed following overexpression of the autophagy?associated gene Beclin 1 in gemcitabine?induced MG63 human osteosarcoma cells. Autophagy?associated gene expression was measured following activation or inhibition of the Wnt/??catenin pathway in gemcitabine?induced MG63 cells using reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction. In addition, the percentage of MG63 cell apoptosis was measured by flow cytometry following Wnt/??catenin pathway activation or inhibition. The results demonstrated that Beclin 1 overexpression induced autophagy and reduced gemcitabine?induced apoptosis in MG63 human cell line. Furthermore, activation of the Wnt/??catenin signaling pathway attenuated autophagy and enhanced gemcitabine?induced apoptosis. Additionally, the expression of Beclin 1 was reduced following Wnt/??catenin signaling pathway activation. The present study demonstrated that activation of the Wnt/??catenin signaling pathway may rescue chemotherapy drug resistance by downregulating the expression of Beclin 1."	1
"Title: Glioma cells enhance angiogenesis and inhibit endothelial cell apoptosis through the release of exosomes that contain long non-coding RNA CCAT2. Abstract: Angiogenesis is a key event in the progression of gliomas. Exosomes, as signaling extracellular organelles, modulate the tumor microenvironment and promote angiogenesis and tumor progression. We previously demonstrated that long intergenic non-coding RNA CCAT2 (linc-CCAT2) was overexpressed in glioma tissues and functioned to promote glioma progression. Therefore, this study aimed to explore an underlying mechanism of glioma cell-affected angiogenesis. First, qRT-PCR was used to determine the expression level of linc-CCAT2 in 4 glioma cell lines and 293T cells, and the results revealed that the U87-MG cells exhibited the highest expression level. Subsequently, the pro-angiogenesis function of exosomes that were derived from negative control shRNA-treated U87-MG cells (ncU87-Exo) and linc-CCAT2 shRNA-treated U87-MG cells (shU87-Exo) was evaluated in vitro and in vivo. We found that ncU87-Exo, which was enriched in linc-CCAT2, could be taken up by HUVECs. ncU87-Exo improved the linc-CCAT2 expression level in HUVECs and more strongly promoted HUVEC migration, proliferation, tubular-like structure formation in vitro and arteriole formation in vivo as well as inhibited HUVEC apoptosis induced by hypoxia. Further mechanistic studies revealed that ncU87-Exo could upregulate VEGFA and TGF? expression in HUVECs as well as promote Bcl-2 expression and inhibit Bax and caspase-3 expression. Finally, gain-/loss-of-function studies revealed that the overexpression of linc-CCAT2 in HUVECs activated VEGFA and TGF?, promoted angiogenesis, promoted Bcl-2 expression and inhibited Bax and caspase-3 expression, thus decreasing apoptosis. Downregulation of linc-CCAT2 revealed the opposite effect. Thus, our results revealed a new exosome?mediated mechanism by which glioma cells could promote angiogenesis through the transfer of linc-CCAT2 by exosomes to endothelial cells. Moreover, we suggest that exosomes and linc-CCAT2 are putative therapeutic targets in glioma."	1
"Title: CIP2A, an oncoprotein, is associated with cell proliferation, invasion and migration in laryngeal carcinoma cells. Abstract: Laryngeal carcinoma is one of the most common malignant tumors in otorhinolaryngology. Moreover, experimental investigation showed that cancerous inhibitor of protein phosphatase 2A (CIP2A) expressed highly in various cancers. Therefore, we investigated whether CIP2A can regulate the proliferation, invasion and migration by RNA interference in Hep-2 cells and AMC-NH-8 cells and further affect the activation of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT) pathway. Overexpression of CIP2A was evaluated in tumor tissue and laryngeal cancer cell lines (Hep-2 and AMC-NH-8 cells) by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and western blot assay. In a follow-up experiment, we confirmed that CIP2A siRNA effectively suppressed the cell proliferation at 48 and 72 h, and arrested cell cycle at G0/G1 in Hep-2 cells and AMC-NH-8 cells. The invasion and migration of cell in siRNA CIP2A group were markedly inhibited. Moreover, the experimental results showed that the expression levels of invasion- and migration-related genes, including E-cadherin, metastasis-associated gene 1 (MTA1) and matrix metalloproteinases-2/9 (MMP-2/9), were regulated by CIP2A siRNA. Phosphorylation levels of PI3K and AKT proteins were reduced by CIP2A siRNA. Importantly, it suggested signaling through PI3K/Akt as a critical mechanism by which CIP2A siRNA may suppress cell proliferation, invasion and migration in laryngeal carcinoma cells."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA C5orf66-AS1 is downregulated in pituitary null cell adenomas and is associated with their invasiveness. Abstract: Pituitary null cell adenoma is a challenging clinical condition, and its pathogenesis remains to be elucidated. We performed this study to determine the roles of C5orf66-AS1, NORAD, and TINCR in the pathogenesis and invasion of pituitary null cell adenomas. Expression of the three long non-coding RNAs in pituitary null cell adenoma tissues of 11 patients and normal pituitary tissues from four donors was examined by performing quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. We found that C5orf66-AS1 expression was lower in pituitary null cell adenoma tissues than in normal pituitary tissues. Moreover, C5orf66-AS1 expression level was significantly lower in invasive pituitary null cell adenomas than in non-invasive ones. After transfection of C5orf66-AS1 into pituitary adenoma cells, assessment of cell viability and invasion suggested that overexpressed C5orf66-AS1 inhibited cell viability and cell invasion. In silico algorithms predicted several cis- and trans-acting target genes of C5orf66-AS1, including PITX1 and SCGB3A1. In addition, expression of some of the predicted target genes was determined using microarray data of another cohort with pituitary null cell adenomas. It showed that some of these target genes were differentially expressed between pituitary null cell adenoma tissues and normal pituitary tissues as well as between invasive and non-invasive tumors. Co-expression analysis in RNA sequencing data showed that PAQR7 was the most correlated gene of C5orf66-AS1 and that several predicted trans-acting target genes, including SCGB3A1, were highly correlated with C5orf66-AS1. NORAD and TINCR expression was not statistically significant in the complete cohort; however, a negative correlation was observed between NORAD expression and maximum tumor diameter in some subgroups. These results indicate that C5orf66-AS1 suppresses the development and invasion of pituitary null cell adenomas. However, our results do not provide enough statistical evidence to support the roles of NORAD and TINCR in the development and invasion of pituitary null cell adenomas."	1
"Title: Construction of a recombinant lentivirus-mediated shRNA expression vector targeting the human PSMD10 gene and validation of RNAi efficiency in RPMI?8226 multiple myeloma cells. Abstract: Multiple myeloma (MM) is one of the most common malignant blood cancers. Previous studies have reported that proteasome 26S subunit non-ATPase 10 (PSMD10) is an oncoprotein with complex roles in hepatocellular carcinoma and other malignant tumors. Notably, research on the relationship between PSMD10 and tumorigenesis of MM has rarely been reported. The present study was designed to explore the possibility of PSMD10 as a therapeutic target in the treatment of MM, and the use of RNA interference (RNAi) to determine the function PSMD10. A recombinant lentivirus-mediated short hairpin RNA (shRNA) targeting human PSMD10 mRNA was constructed and used to decrease endogenous PSMD10 expression in the MM RPMI-8226 cell line in vitro. Expression of the PSMD10-targeting shRNA in RPMI-8226 cells transduced with the recombinant vector could be tracked by observing the expression of green fluorescent protein after infection. A transient transgenic RPMI-8226 cell line was generated by transducing cells with the packaged viral particles. Western blot analysis indicated that the protein levels of PSMD10 in the PSMD10-shRNA MM cells were significantly lower than those in the cells transduced with the negative control shRNA. Notably, RT-qPCR analysis did not reveal a marked change in the PSMD10 mRNA level; thus, the knockdown effect of the PSMD10-shRNA may occur during translation. Furthermore, apoptosis of MM cells was increased by silencing PSMD10 expression. Overall, the results demonstrated that the lentivirus-mediated shRNA vector-based RNAi expression system is an efficient method to silence PSMD10 gene expression in the MM RPMI-8226 cell line. It may provide a basis to study the role of PSMD10 in tumor cells, and may be a reliable gene therapy strategy in the clinic."	1
"Title: CtBP2 is associated with angiogenesis and regulates the apoptosis of prostate cancer cells. Abstract: Angiogenesis is associated with prostate cancer (PCa) development and progression. Aberrant expression of C-terminal binding protein (CtBP)2 has been observed in PCa, but whether its change in expression plays a significant role in angiogenesis has not been completely characterized. we attempted to integrate and analyze the genome-wide association study (GWAS) of follicle stimulating hormone receptor (FSHR) and CtBP2, the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) data and CtBP2 binding data in CistromeMap (18) to explore the mechanism of CtBP2 in PCa, and performed pathway enrichment analysis. We revealed that the top 6 pathways were closely related with angiogenesis. We used siRNA and overexpression plasmids to silence and overexpress CtBP2 expression. Altered expression of CtBP2 affected the expression of VEGFA, FSHR, FHL2 and SMAD3 which are closely related with angiogenesis. In addition, silencing of CtBP2 markedly increased the apoptosis of PCa cells in vitro, and decreased the expression of IL-8, AT2R, CCND1 and MMP9 which are associated with cancer progression. These results highlight the association between CtBP2 and angiogenesis in PCa and indicate that CtBP2 may be a potential therapeutic target for PCa."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-448 suppresses metastasis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma through targeting JAK1/STAT3 pathway. Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is the most common type of malignant pancreatic tumor. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a group of small, non-protein coding, endogenous RNAs that play critical roles in tumorigenesis and progression of PDAC. In the present study, we demonstrated that miR-448 expression was downregulated in PDAC tissues and cell lines. Clinical association analysis indicated that low expression of miR-448 was associated with poor prognostic features and conferred a significant reduced survival of PDAC patients. Overexpression of miR-448 suppressed PDAC cell migration and invasion, while its loss showed the opposite effects on these cellular processes. In vivo experiments revealed that miR-488 restoration prohibited liver metastasis of PDAC in nude mice. Moreover, we found that Janus kinase 1 (JAK1) was a direct target gene of miR-448 in PDAC cells. We further demonstrated that the expression of JAK1 mRNA was upregulated in PDAC tissues. Notably, the expression of JAK1 mRNA was inversely correlated with the level of miR-448 in PDAC tissues. In addition, JAK1 knockdown showed similar effects of miR-448 on the metastasis of PDAC cells. JAK1/STAT3 pathway may be involved in the function of miR-448 in PDAC cells. Taken together, these findings suggest that miR-448 functions as a tumor suppressor in the development of PDAC through targeting the JAK1/STAT3 pathway."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-326 inhibits cell proliferation and invasion, activating apoptosis in hepatocellular carcinoma by directly targeting LIM and SH3 protein 1. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the fifth-most common cancer and third leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Increasing evidence indicates that dysregulation of microRNAs is often observed in HCC, and has been extensively investigated in terms of cancer formation, progression, diagnosis, therapy, and prognosis. Recently, microRNA-326 (miR-326) has been demonstrated to play important roles in multiple types of human cancer. However, the expression pattern, clinical significance, roles and regulatory mechanisms of miR-326 in HCC have yet to be elucidated. In this study, miR-326 was frequently downregulated in HCC tissues and cell lines. Low miR-326 expression was significantly associated with the TNM stage, differentiation and lymph node metastasis of HCC patients. Further functional assays demonstrated that the recovered miR-326 expression inhibited HCC cell proliferation and invasion and activated cell apoptosis in vitro. In addition, LIM and SH3 protein 1 (LASP1) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-326 in HCC. Furthermore, LASP1 was upregulated in HCC tissues and cell lines. The expression level of LASP1 mRNA was inversely correlated with that of miR-326 in HCC tissues. Moreover, LASP1 silencing elicited effects similar to miR-326 overexpression on HCC cells, and LASP1 upregulation markedly reversed the effects of miR-326 overexpression on HCC cells. These results revealed that miR-326 suppressed the progression of HCC by directly targeting LASP1. Therefore, miR-326 may be used as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of patients with HCC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-202 inhibits cell proliferation, migration and invasion of glioma by directly targeting metadherin. Abstract: Glioma is the most common and aggressive type of primary malignant brain tumour. Increasing evidence has revealed that microRNAs play important roles in multiple biological processes related to glioma occurrence, development, diagnosis, treatment and prognosis. MicroRNA-202 (miR-202) has been studied in several types of human cancer, whereas the biological roles of miR-202 in glioma remain unknown. The present study, aimed to investigate the expression, clinical significance and biological roles of miR-202 in glioma, as well as its underlying molecular mechanism. We found that miR-202 was significantly downregulated in glioma tissues and cell lines. Low miR-202 expression was associated with Karnofsky performance status (KPS) score and World Health Organization (WHO) grade of glioma patients. Functional assays revealed that ectopic expression of miR-202 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion of glioma. In addition, metadherin (MTDH) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-202 in glioma through bioinformatic analysis, luciferase reporter assay, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and western blotting. Furthermore, MTDH expression was upregulated and negatively correlated with miR-202 expression in clinical glioma tissues. MTDH knockdown had similar roles to miR-202 overexpression in glioma cells. Rescue experiments revealed that upregulation of MTDH reversed the suppression of glioma cell growth and metastasis by miR-202. Moreover, miR-202 impaired the PI3K/Akt and Wnt/?-catenin pathways. These results highlight the tumour-suppressive effect of miR-202 in glioma, thereby suggesting that miR-202 may be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of patients with this malignancy."	1
"Title: miR-125a-5p upregulation suppresses the proliferation and induces the cell apoptosis of lung adenocarcinoma by targeting NEDD9. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are critical translational regulators that act as oncogenes or tumor-suppressor genes. qRT-PCR assay results showed that the expression levels of miR-125a-5p are lower in lung adenocarcinoma (AD) tissues than expression levels in adjacent non-neoplastic tissues. This relative expression was found to be significantly associated with lymph node metastases. Cell growth, apoptosis, caspase activity and Transwell invasion assay results showed that in two lung adenocarcinoma cell lines transfected with a miR-125a-5p mimic, proliferation and invasion rates were found to be significantly reduced, whereas the apoptosis rate of the miR-125a-5p mimic group was enhanced. Subsequent western blotting and luciferase reporter assays showed that miR-125a-5p is able to bind to putative binding sites within the mRNA 3' untranslated region (UTR) of neural precursor cell expressed, developmentally downregulated 9 (NEDD9). Our findings suggest that miR-125a-5p may serve as a therapeutic agent for lung adenocarcinoma through its major target, NEDD9."	1
"Title: The long non-coding RNA SNHG3 functions as a competing endogenous RNA to promote malignant development of colorectal cancer. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has revealed that aberrantly expressed long non-coding transcripts are involved in the development and progression of colorectal cancer (CRC). Small nucleolar RNA host gene 3 (SNHG3) is a newly identified lncRNA, and little is known about its clinical significance and biological functions in the development of CRC. In the present study, we found that the expression of SNHG3 was significantly upregulated in CRC, and upregulation of SNHG3 predicted poor prognosis for patients with CRC as determined through analysis of the data obtained from TCGA database. Gain-of function and loss-of function assays revealed that SNHG3 markedly promoted cellular proliferation of CRC cells. Gene Set Enrichment Analysis (GSEA) suggested that high expression of SNHG3 was positively associated with c-Myc and its targets genes. Furthermore, ectopic overexpression of SNHG3 increased the expression of c-Myc and its target genes, whereas inhibition of SNHG3 had opposite effect on the expression of c-Myc and its targets. Mechanistic investigations demonstrated that SNHG3 functioned as a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) to 'sponge' miR-182-5p, thus leading to the release of c-Myc from miR-182-5p and modulating the expression of c-Myc. In conclusion, SNHG3 promoted CRC progression via sponging miR-182-5p and upregulating c-Myc and its target genes."	1
"Title: High expression of TRIM29 (ATDC) contributes to poor prognosis and tumor metastasis by inducing epithelial?mesenchymal transition in osteosarcoma. Abstract: The association of TRIM29 overexpression with cancer progression and poor clinical prognosis has been reported in the context of several types of cancers. In the present study, we investigated the prognostic relevance of TRIM29 and its involvement in the progression of human osteosarcoma. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate a major role of TRIM29 in osteosarcoma. Our results showed that the expression of TRIM29 in osteosarcoma tissues was much higher than that in normal bone tissues. Furthermore, TRIM29 expression was significantly correlated with tumor size, recurrence, metastasis and overall survival time. High expression of TRIM29 and presence of metastasis were independent predictors of poor prognosis in these patients. Both protein and mRNA expression of TRIM29 in osteosarcoma cell lines were significantly higher than those in osteoblast cell line, hFOB1.19. Moreover, the results indicated that TRIM29 promoted migration and invasive growth of osteosarcoma cells by inducing epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Therefore, ectopic expression of TRIM29 potentially contributes to metastasis and poor prognosis in patients with osteosarcoma. In summary, TRIM29 is a potential prognostic biomarker and a therapeutic target for patients with osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-379 acts as a tumor suppressor in non-small cell lung cancer by targeting the IGF?1R-mediated AKT and ERK pathways. Abstract: Lung cancer is one of the most common types of malignancy in humans and is a leading cause of cancer-related deaths among men and women worldwide. Aberrantly expressed microRNAs in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) contribute to tumor occurrence and development as either tumor suppressors or promoters. MicroRNA-379 (miR?379) is dysregulated in several types of human cancer. However, its expression pattern, role and underlying mechanism in NSCLC progression and metastasis are poorly understood. In this study, assay of reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction showed that miR?379 was downregulated in both NSCLC tissue and cell lines. Low miR?379 expression in NSCLC tissues was significantly correlated with TNM stage and lymph node metastasis. In addition, functional experiments revealed that restoring the expression of miR?379 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion of NSCLC. The insulin-like growth factor receptor-1 (IGF?1R) was identified as a direct target of miR?379 in NSCLC. IGF?1R was highly expressed in NSCLC tissues and inversely correlated with miR?379 expression. Downregulation of IGF?1R had tumor suppressive roles similar to that of miR?379 overexpression on NSCLC cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Moreover, the upregulation of IGF?1R effectively rescued the tumor suppressive roles induced by miR?379 overexpression in NSCLC. The resumption of the expression of miR?379 inhibited the activation of AKT and ERK signaling pathways in NSCLC. These findings suggested that miR?379 acts as a tumor suppressor in NSCLC by directly targeting IGF?1R and indirectly regulating AKT and ERK signaling pathways. miR?379 provides novel therapeutic targets for the treatment of patients with this disease."	1
"Title: miR-216b inhibits glioma cell migration and invasion through suppression of FoxM1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play a vital role in tumour biological and pathologic processes. In the present study, we aimed to detect the expression and biological role of miR-216b in glioma. Our data showed that miR-216b was significantly downregulated in human glioma tissues and cells. Ectopic expression of miR-216b inhibited the proliferation and invasion of U87 and U251 cells and suppressed the growth of xenograft tumours in vivo. Bioinformatic and luciferase reporter analyses identified Forkhead box protein M1 (FoxM1) as a direct target of miR-216b. Overexpression of miR-216b inhibited the expression of FoxM1 in glioma cells. Rescue experiments demonstrated that co-transfection of FoxM1 lacking the 3'-untranslated region partially prevented miR?216b-induced inhibition of glioma cell growth and invasion. In vivo studies indicated that ectopic expression of miR-216b impeded the proliferation of glioma xenograft tumours in nude mice, coupled with a decreased in FoxM1 protein expression and the percentage of Ki-67-positive tumour cells. Taken together, our results provide evidence of the suppressive activity of miR?216b in glioma, which is largely ascribed to downregulation of FoxM1. Restoration of miR-216b may provide a novel potential therapeutic agent for glioma."	1
"Title: Upregulation of miR-520b promotes ovarian cancer growth. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the most common gynecological malignant cancer in female genitalia. Dysregulation or dysfunction of microRNAs (miRs) contribute to cancer development. The role of miR-520b in ovarian cancer remains unclear. The present study investigated the role of miR-520b in ovarian cancer and determined that the expression levels of miR-520b in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines were upregulated. By contrast, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and immunohistochemistry revealed that the mRNA and protein expression levels of ring finger protein 216 (RNF216) were downregulated in ovarian cancer, indicating that there was a negative correlation between miR-520b and RNF216. In miR-520b-knockdown cells, downregulation of miR-520b reduced cell proliferation, while upregulation of miR-520b promoted cell proliferation. In addition, RNF216 was predicted by TargetScanHuman and was observed to be targeted by miR-520b. In conclusion, the present data indicated that high expression of miR-520b in ovarian cancer promoted cell growth via RNF216."	1
"Title: microRNA-494 is a potential prognostic marker and inhibits cellular proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting SIRT1 in epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most common types of gynecological malignancy worldwide, and is the fourth leading cause of cancer-associated mortality among women. Despite improvements in therapeutic treatments, the prognosis for epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) remains poor, mainly due to the rapid growth and metastasis of ovarian cancer tumors. An increasing number of studies have indicated that microRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in the carcinogenesis and progression of human cancer, suggesting that miRNAs may be used in clinical prognosis and as a therapeutic target in EOC. The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression levels of miRNA-494 in EOC tissues and cell lines. The clinical significance of miRNA-494 in patients with EOC was also evaluated. The results demonstrated that miRNA-494 was significantly downregulated in EOC tissues and cell lines. Low expression levels of miRNA-494 were associated with poor prognostic features, including International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage, tumor size and lymph node metastasis.In vitrofunctional studies demonstrated that overexpression of miRNA-494 inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion in EOC cells. By contrast, knockdown of miRNA-494 enhanced cell growth, migration and invasion in EOC cells. Notably, sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) was identified as a direct target of miRNA-494 in EOC. Furthermore, MTT, cell migration and invasion assays verified that EOC cell proliferation, migration and invasion were completely restored with forced miRNA-494 expression and SIRT1 restoration. Together, these findings suggest that miRNA-494 is a potential prognostic marker, and may provide novel therapeutic regimens of targeted therapy for EOC."	1
"Title: Upregulation of Wnt signaling under hypoxia promotes lung cancer progression. Abstract: The hypoxic tumor microenvironment induces epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in tumor cells and increases tumor cell malignancy. Previous studies indicated that malfunction of Wnt signaling is observed in some lung cancer patients. Athough crosstalk between hypoxia and Wnt signaling in tumor cells has recently been revealed, the detailed underlying mechanisms have not been well defined. In the present study, we demonstrated that hypoxia in lung adenocarcinoma cells can enhance Wnt signaling activity by stabilizing ?-catenin and altering its localization into the nucleus. Overexpression of HIF-2? increased ?-catenin expression, promoted cell mobility, and induced morphological changes to a greater degree than HIF-1? overexpression. Knockdown of HIF-2? decreased ?-catenin expression and inhibited hypoxia-induced cell mobility. Moreover, we identified that phosphorylational activation of AKT1 by hypoxia and HIF-2? was required for Wnt activation upon hypoxia treatment. Downregulation of HIF-2? and ?-catenin reduced colony formation when cells were exposed to long-term hypoxia treatment. Taken together, our data support that hypoxia activates PI3K/AKT as well as Wnt signaling in a HIF-2?-dependent manner, thus elevating the resistance of lung cancer cells to chronic hypoxia-induced stress."	1
"Title: miR-34 increases in vitro PANC-1 cell sensitivity to gemcitabine via targeting Slug/PUMA. Abstract: miR-34 was deregulated in tumor tissues compared with corresponding noncancerous tissue samples. Furthermore, miR-34 may contribute to cancer-stromal interaction associated with cancer progression. However, whether miR-34 could decrease chemoresistance of cancer cells to chemotherapeutic agent remains unclear. In our study, we examined whether overexpression of miR-34 could sensitize gemcitabine -mediated apoptosis in human pancreatic cancer PANC-1 cells. We found that miR-34 markedly induced gemcitabine -mediated apoptosis in PANC-1 cells. miR-34 induced down-regulation of Slug expression and upregulation of p53 up-regulated modulator of apoptosis (PUMA) expression. The over-expression of Slug or downregulation of PUMA by Slug cDNA or PUMA siRNA transfection markedly blocked miR-34-induced gemcitabine sensitization. Furthermore, miR-34 induced PUMA expression by downregulation of Slug. Taken together, our study demonstrates that miR-34 enhances sensitization against gemcitabine-mediated apoptosis through the down-regulation of Slug expression, and up-regulation of Slug-dependent PUMA expression."	1
"Title: Correlation between miR-21 and miR-145 and the incidence and prognosis of colorectal cancer. Abstract: The purpose of this study was to investigate the expression of microRNA (miR)-21 and miR-145 in serum and tumor tissues of patients with colorectal cancer (CRC), and to explore the correlation between the expression of these miRs and the clinicopathological parameters and prognosis of CRC patients. Methods: Serum specimens, frozen tumor tissue and adjacent normal tissue of 50 CRC patients who were hospitalized in our hospital from February 2009 to February 2011 were collected, along with serum specimens of 30 healthy people (control). The expression levels of miR-21 and miR-145 in serum, tumor tissues and adjacent normal tissues were detected by quantitative real time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The correlation between the expression of the two miRs in serum was analyzed by Spearman method. The relationship between the expression of miR- 21 and miR-145 in serum and the pathological parameters and prognosis of patients with CRC were analyzed using clinical data. Results: The expression level of miR-21 in CRC tissue was significantly higher than that in adjacent normal tissues, while the expression of miR-145 in CRC tissue was significantly lower than that in adjacent normal tissues. The expression level of miR-21 in the serum of CRC patients was significantly higher compared with healthy people, while the expression of miR-145 in the serum of CRC patients was significantly lower than that in healthy people. The expression of miR-21 and miR-145 in the serum was positively correlated with their expression in tumor tissue. High expression level of miR-21 in the serum was correlated with tumor size, grade of differentiation, invasion, metastasis and clinical stage, and low expression level of miR-145 in the serum was correlated with tumor size, grade of differentiation, invasion, metastasis and clinical stage. The 5-year overall survival (OS) was 52% (26/50). Single factor survival analysis showed that miR-21 and miR-145 were the influencing factors of OS of patients with CRC. Conclusions: High expression of miR-21 and low expression of miR-145 are closely related to the development and progression of CRC, especially with the grade of differentiation, invasion, metastasis and clinical stage. MiR-21 and miR-145 in the serum can be used as markers for early screening of CRC and indicators for prognosis prediction."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-374a Inhibits Aggressive Tumor Biological Behavior in Bladder Carcinoma by Suppressing Wnt/?-Catenin Signaling. Abstract: microRNA (miR)-374a plays a crucial role in cancer progression by promoting the metastasis and proliferation of various types of malignant tumors. Because its role in bladder cancer is unknown, we investigated whether miR-374a affects the progression of bladder cancer and studied the underlying mechanism. Methods: The Cancer Genome Atlas was used to analyze the clinical relevance of miR-374a. Quantitative PCR, western blotting, and luciferase and immunofluorescence assays were used to detect the expression patterns, downstream targets, and function of miR-374a in bladder cancer cells. Apoptosis was evaluated by flow cytometry after cisplatin treatment. Results: Via in silico analysis, low levels of miR-374a were associated with poor prognosis in bladder cancer patients with distant metastasis. WNT5A was a direct target of miR-374a in two bladder cancer cell lines. miR-374a mimic abrogated the metastatic potential and invasiveness of bladder cancer cells via WNT5A downregulation in both T24 and TCCSUP human bladder cancer cells; the opposite was observed with miR-374a inhibitor. In addition, miR-374a treatment reduced the phosphorylation and nuclear translocation of ?-catenin. Cisplatin treatment significantly increased the apoptosis rate. Expression levels of cancer stemness-related proteins were reduced in miR-374a mimic-pretreated cells. Conclusion: Lower expression of miR-374a is associated with poor prognosis and miR-374a improves tumor biological behavior in bladder cancer cells, suggesting that miR-374a might be a novel small-molecule therapeutic target."	1
"Title: The Dysregulated Expression of KCNQ1OT1 and Its Interaction with Downstream Factors miR-145/CCNE2 in Breast Cancer Cells. Abstract: Next-generation sequencing (NGS) has revealed abundant long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) that have been characterized as critical components of cancer biology in humans. The present study aims to investigate the role of the lncRNA KCNQ1OT1 in breast cancer (BRCA) as well as the underlying molecular mechanisms and functions of KCNQ1OT1 involved in the progression of BRCA. Methods: The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and StarBase v2.0 were used to obtain the required gene data. Dual luciferase reporter gene assays were conducted to verify the relevant intermolecular target relationships. QRT-PCR and Western blot were performed to measure the expression levels of different molecules. Cell proliferation was detected by using the MTT and colony formation assays, while cell migration and invasion were examined by transwell assay. Variations in cell apoptosis and cell cycle were determined through flow cytometry. A tumor xenograft model was applied to assess tumor growth in vivo. Results: KCNQ1OT1 was found to be remarkably highly expressed in BRCA tissues and cells. KCNQ1OT1 modulated CCNE2 through sponging miR-145 in BRCA. KCNQ1OT1 promoted tumor growth in vivo by regulating miR-145/CCNE2. Conclusion: The KCNQ1OT1/miR-145/CCNE2 axis plays a critical regulatory role in BRCA, potentially giving rise to BRCA tumorigenesis and progression. These findings provide valuable evidence for improving the diagnosis and treatment of BRCA in the future."	1
"Title: Down regulation of G protein-coupled receptor 137 expression inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis in leukemia cells. Abstract: G protein-coupled receptors (GPR) are involved in a wide range of physiological processes, some of which, however, can be hijacked by tumor cells. Over-expression of G protein-coupled receptors 137 (GPR137) are associated with the growth of tumor cells, but under-expression of GPR137 has shown to inhibit cell proliferation in several different types of cancers. Currently, the role of GPR137 in leukemia is still unclear. In this study, the effect of under-expression of GPR137 on inhibiting the proliferation of leukemia cells is explored, to identify a novel target for leukemia treatment. Materials and methods: In this study, lentivirus-mediated RNA interference (RNAi) was employed to investigate the role of GPR137 in two leukemia cell lines K562 and HL60. The gene expression of GPR137 was analyzed by RT-PCR and its protein expression was determined by Western blot. Flow cytometry and Annexin V/7-AAD Apoptosis Detection Kit was used respectively in cell cycle and apoptosis analysis. The protein expression of CyclinD1, CDK4, BCL-2 and caspase-3 were also determined. Results: There was high level of constitutive expression of GPR137 in leukemia cancer cell lines K562 and HL60. Lentivirus-mediated RNAi could significantly down-regulate gene and protein expression of GPR137 in both cell lines. Down regulation of GPR137 was associated with the reduction in proliferation rate and colony forming capacity. In addition, down regulation of GPR137 arrested cells in the G0/G1 phase of cell cycle and induced apoptosis in both leukemia cell lines K562 and HL60. Conclusions: The expression of GPR137 is associated with the proliferation of leukemia cell lines. Down regulation of GPR137 could inhibit proliferation and promote apoptosis in leukemia cells, which makes it a promising bio-marker and therapeutic target to treat patients with leukemia."	1
"Title: Polymorphisms in the TFAM and PGC1-? genes and their association with polycystic ovary syndrome among South Indian women. Abstract: We investigated the link between polymorphisms in genes involved in mitochondrial biogenesis, mitochondrial transcription factor A (TFAM) and Peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 alpha (PGC-1?) and further studied the role of these genes on the pathophysiology of polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). This case-control study was carried out in 118 PCOS cases and 110 controls. In the present study we genotyped three polymorphisms of PGC1-? gene (rs8192678-Gly482Ser, rs13131226 and rs2970856) and polymorphism of TFAM gene (rs1937-+35G/C) by polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) analysis. In addition, to better understand genetic contributions to the pathophysiology of PCOS, mtDNA copy number (MCN) was quantified using a qRT-PCR assay in the subjects. The results revealed that the distribution of genotypes and allele frequency of the PGC-1? Gly482Ser polymorphism in PCOS patients was statistically significant from those of the control group respectively (OR-2.488; 95% CI-1.0673 to 5.7998; P=0.047), (OR-1.6091; 95% CI-1.0955 to 2.3634; P=0.015) indicating that the presence of 'A' allele might confer risk to PCOS. Patients with the 'AA' genotype showed significantly lower levels of MCN compared with patients with other genotypes. In addition, patients carrying CT genotype of PGC1-? rs2970856 demonstrated significantly higher levels of LH (P=0.030) than TT and CC genotypes. In conclusion, our study indicates that carriers of the PGC-1? rs8192678 'Ser' allele have increased risk of developing PCOS."	1
"Title: PHGDH is an independent prognosis marker and contributes cell proliferation, migration and invasion in human pancreatic cancer. Abstract: To investigate the expression, clinical significance, biological function, and the potential mechanism of PHGDH in pancreatic cancer. Methods: The expression of PHGDH in human pancreatic cancer tissues and corresponding adjacent normal tissues were analyzed through immunohistochemistry staining. Simultaneously, the association between the PHGDH expression and the clinicopathological parameters and OS and DFS was evaluated. Human pancreatic cancer cell line BxPC-3 and SW1990 were selected to investigate the effect of PHGDH knockdown on cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. In addition, we performed western blot to assess the expression of cyclin B1, and cyclin D1, MMP-2, and MMP-9 protein. Results: Our results suggested that the expression of PHGDH is increased in pancreatic cancer compared with adjacent normal tissues and the increased expression of PHGDH is associated with tumor size, lymph node metastasis, and TNM state of pancreatic cancer patients. Moreover, the expression of PHGDH is an independent prognostic indicator for pancreatic cancer patients. In addition, we found that knockdown of PHGDH in pancreatic cancer cells inhibits the cell proliferation, migration, and invasion abilities by down-regulating the expression of cyclin B1, and cyclin D1, MMP-2, and MMP-9. Conclusions: Our data indicated that the expression of PHGDH is increased in pancreatic cancer and is an independent molecular prognostic factor for pancreatic cancer patients. In addition, PHGDH controls cell proliferation, migration and invasion abilities. Therefore, PHGDH could serve as an important prognostic indicator and therapeutic target for pancreatic cancer."	1
"Title: Unravelling the link between embryogenesis and cancer metastasis. Abstract: Cancer as opposed to embryonic development is characterized by dysregulated, uncontrolled and clonal growth of cells. Inspite of that they share certain commonality in gene expression patterns and a number of cellular & molecular features. Consequently, in the present study we aimed to evaluate the role of a definite set of genes in fetal liver, primary liver cancers and metastatic liver tissue. Methods: The relative expression of fourteen candidate genes obtained by data mining and manual curation of published data (CXCL12, CXCR4, CK7, CDH1, CTNNB1, CLDN4, VEGFA, HIF1A, MMP9, p53, OPN, CDKN2A, TGFBR2, MUC16, ?-actin) were performed on 62 tissues (32 liver metastasis tissues and 30 primary Liver cancer tissues), Fetal liver tissues (below and above 20weeks of gestation) and 2 sets of control samples by real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR). Results: Results showed significant down-regulation of MMP9 and TP53 in Fetal liver above 20weeks of gestation whereas it was up-regulated in fetal liver below 20weeks of gestation, primary liver cancers and liver metastasis. Contradictory to that OPN and CDKN2A were significantly up-regulated in primary liver cancer, liver metastasis; down-regulated in fetal liver above 20weeks of gestation but were not expressed during early embryo development (below 20weeks of gestation). Moreover, MMP9 and TP53 demonstrated a strong correlation with MUC16 whereas CDKN2A and OPN showed correlation with CXCL12/CXCR4 signifying that MUC16, CXCL12/CXCR4 might be involved in the complex process of cancer metastasis. Conclusion: MMP9, OPN, TP53 and CDKN2A were the identified markers that were expressed in a similar pattern in early embryonic development and cancer development & invasion suggesting that these genes are activated during embryogenesis and might be re-expressed in cancer metastasis. Moreover, these genes govern a pathway that might be activated during cancer metastasis. Thus, targeting these molecules may provide better treatment for metastatic liver cancers."	1
"Title: MiR-34a, as a suppressor, enhance the susceptibility of gastric cancer cell to luteolin by directly targeting HK1. Abstract: Luteolin is a flavonoid compound derived from Lonicera japonica Thunb, which has been reported to exert anticancer effects on different types of tumors. miRNAs are a kind of endogenous non-coding small RNAs, which involved in occurrence and development of multi cancer, including miR-34a. However, the relationship between miR-34a and luteolin's susceptibility to cancer cells still remains unclear. In this study, we explored the roles of miR-34a and the effects of luteolin on GC cells as well as the underlying mechanism of miR-34a in mediating the susceptibility of GC cell to luteolin. Retrospectively study revealed that miR-34a expression was downregulated in human primary GC tissues compared with non-tumor tissues and low miR-34a expression was associated with a significantly shorter overall survival and disease-free survival. MiR-34a overexpression could inhibit GC cells and induce G1 phase arrest via p53/p21 and MAPK /ERK pathways. Luteolin decreased viability of GC cells in a dose-dependent manner. Meanwhile, miR-34a was found to be markedly upregulated in GC cells induced by luteolin and decreased miR-34a level was found in the artificial luteolin-resistant GC cells. Upregulation of miR-34a in luteolin-resistant GC cell could enhance the sensibility of GC cells to luteolin. On the other hand, miR-34a inhibitor could partly counter the anticancer effect of luteolin. In a further assay, we also found that targeting miR-34a could mediate the susceptibility of mouse xenografts to luteolin. Subsequent study found that HK1 was a direct target of miR-34a and downregulated HK1 mRNA or protein levels were presented after miRNA-34a overexpression in GC cells. Moreover, HK1 protein levels was decreased after luteolin treatment and partly restored when co-treated with luteolin and miR-34a inhibitor. Downregulation of HK1 in luteolin-resistant GC cell could increase the cell's sensitivity to luteolin. Therefore, our findings firstly suggested that miR-34a could modulate the susceptibility of gastric cancer cell to luteolin via targeting HK1, potentially benefiting GC patients' treatment in the future."	1
"Title: The miR-875-5p inhibits SATB2 to promote the invasion of lung cancer cells. Abstract: The pathogenesis of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is regulated by various miRNAs. In this study, we identified that miR-875-5pis up-regulated in NSCLC patients, and inhibited SATB Homeobox 2(SATB2) to promote proliferation and invasion of NSCLCcells.CCK-8assay revealed thatmiR-875-5p mimics promoted proliferation of NSCLC cells. Transwell assay showed that miR-875-5pmimicspromoted the invasion and migration of NSCLC cells. Luciferase assays confirmed that miR-875-5pdirectly binds to the 3'untranslated region of SATB2, and western blotting showed that miR-875-5psuppresses the expression of SATB2 at the protein level. Moreover, the inhibitors of miR-875-5pinhibit proliferation and invasion of NSCLC cell lines. The miR-875-5pwouldbe a potential therapeutic target for NSCLC treatment in the future."	1
"Title: MiR-564 is down-regulated in osteosarcoma and inhibits the proliferation of osteosarcoma cells via targeting Akt. Abstract: Aberrant expression of miRNAs has been observed in a variety of human cancers. In this study, we reported that miR-564 was down-regulated in human osteosarcoma (OS) cell lines and patients. Overexpression of miR-564 in OS cells suppressed the cell proliferation and induced cell apoptosis. Mechanistically, we identified Akt as a direct target of miR-564. Highly expressed miR-564 decreased the expression of Akt at both mRNA and protein level and consequently, inhibited the essential role of Akt in the glycolysis of OS cells. Notably, restoring the expression of Akt in miR-564 overexpressing cells recovered the glucose metabolism and cell growth. These results suggested that miR-564 inhibited the glycolysis and cell proliferation through directly targeting Akt, which highlighted the potential application of miR-564-Akt axis in the treatment of osteosarcoma."	1
"Title: Suppression of IL-6 Gene by shRNA Augments Gemcitabine Chemosensitization in Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Cells. Abstract: Pancreatic adenocarcinoma has an exceedingly poor prognosis, accounting for five-year survival of less than 5%. Presently, improving the efficacy of pancreatic adenocarcinoma treatment has been the focus of medical researchers worldwide. Recently, it has been suggested that deregulation of interleukin- (IL-) 6 is caused by a key gene involved in the beginning and development of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Herein, we investigated whether suppression of IL-6 could augment gemcitabine sensitivity in the PANC-1 cells. We found considerably higher expression of IL-6 in pancreatic adenocarcinoma tissues than that in the adjacent nontumorous tissues. Suppression of IL-6 by shRNA resulted in apoptosis as well as inhibition of cell proliferation and tumorigenicity. In addition, suppression of IL-6 remarkably promoted antitumor effect of gemcitabine, indicating that the combination of shRNA targeting IL-6 with gemcitabine may provide a potential clinical approach for pancreatic cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Cloning and functional characterization of human Pak1 promoter by steroid hormones. Abstract: P21-activated kinase 1 (Pak1) is known to be involved in a plethora of functions including cell growth, survival and can lead to cell transformation and tumor progression especially in breast tissue. Multiple studies have shown Pak1 dysregulation as a change in DNA copy number as well as gene expression levels, suggesting many regulatory mechanisms at transcriptional and translational level. However, very little is known about the transcriptional regulation of the human Pak1 promoter. Here, we focus on Pak1 promoter regulation by steroid hormones along with their respective receptors that are also crucial players in breast tissue function and tumorigenesis. Our results show high Pak1 expression in breast cancer cell lines and in breast tumor tissue. It also suggests that Pak1 is hormone responsive, whose expression can be modulated by steroid hormones namely, estrogen in the form of 17?-estradiol (E2) and progesterone (P4). Sequence analysis of a 3.2kb Pak1 proximal promoter region shows the presence of PRE (progesterone response element) and ERE (estrogen response element) half sites, that were further cloned and characterized. Results from promoter analysis showed that Pak1 promoter activity is mediated by PR via its binding to PRE present on the Pak1 promoter that was further reaffirmed in vitro by electrophoretic mobility shift assay (EMSA) and chromatin immunoprecipitation assay (ChIP). Our results together suggest that it is the PR isoform B regulates Pak1 promoter. To our knowledge, this is the first study to report the detailed characterization and transcriptional regulation of the human Pak1 promoter by steroid hormones."	1
"Title: Biomarker identification in clear cell renal cell carcinoma based on miRNA-seq and digital gene expression-seq data. Abstract: This study aimed to explore the underlying microRNA (miRNA) targets in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). The expression profile with accession number GSE24952 was downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus database. Based on the dataset, the differentially expressed genes (DEGs) and miRNAs in ccRCC tissues and matched normal adjacent tissues were analyzed. The target genes of the differentially expressed miRNAs were then predicted. Expression levels of several key miRNAs and genes were detected by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). A total of 168 up- and 288 downregulated DEGs, and 26 up- and 54 downregulated differentially expressed miRNAs were identified. The target genes of miRNA-429 (TGFB1, CCND1, EGFR, and LAMC1) and miRNA-206 (CCND1 and EGFR) were upregulated. Based on the tumor suppressor (TS) gene and tumor-associated gene (TAG) databases, miRNA-142-5p was selected from the upregulated miRNAs. miRNA-429, miRNA-422a, miRNA-206, miRNA-132-3p, and miRNA-184 were selected from the downregulated miRNAs. Moreover, the miRNA regulation network revealed that CCND1 was the common target gene of miRNA-429, miRNA-206, and miRNA-184, and ATP1B1 was the common target gene of miRNA-140-3p and miRNA-142-5p. qRT-PCR revealed that the expression levels of miR-140-3p and CCND1 significantly increased, while that of ATP1B1 significantly decreased in 786-O cells compared with those in human renal tubular epithelial cells, which was in accordance with the predicted results of bioinformatic analysis. In conclusion, miRNA-429, miRNA-206, and miRNA-184 and their target gene CCND1, as well as miRNA-140-3p and miRNA-142-5p and their target gene ATP1B1, might play key roles in ccRCC progression and could be useful biomarkers during ccRCC development."	1
"Title: Global gene expression analysis of knockdown Triosephosphate isomerase (TPI) gene in human gastric cancer cell line MGC-803. Abstract: Our preview studies showed TPI gene which encodes the Triosephosphate isomerase was overexpressed in human gastric cancer (GC) tissues. However, the potential molecular mechanisms how TPI influences the GC development is not clear. Here, we performed global gene expression profiling for TPI knockdown using microarrays in human GC cell line MGC-803 cells. The differentially expressed genes (DEGs) were identified using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis. Then the DEGs were analyzed by an online software WebGestalt to perform the functional analysis, pathway analysis and network analysis. The protein-protein interaction (PPI) networks were visualized by Cytoscape and the module analysis was performed by ClusterONE. As a result, a total of 920 DEGs including 197 up- and 723 down-regulated genes were screened out. The DEGs were found to be significantly associated with the metabolic process, biological regulation, protein binding and ion binding. There were 11 significant pathways were enriched, and one of the most significant pathway was transcriptional misregulation in cancer (P<0.01), which contained common cancer-related genes, such as DUSP6, ETV5, IL6, PLAU, PPARG and HMGA2. Two PPI networks were constructed from BioGRID and TCGA_RNASeq_STAD, respectively. One network presented 25 genes with degree >10, and EGFR was the most ""hub gene"" with degree of 74. Four significant modules were identified and mainly enriched in protein domain of Histone and G-protein beta WD-40 repeat. Another network had 4 significant modules and they were associated with protein domain of MHC class I-like antigen recognition and Epidermal growth factor receptor ligand. In conclusion, DEGs and hub genes identified in the present study help us understand the molecular mechanisms of TPI in the carcinogenesis and progression of gastric cancer."	1
"Title: MiR-93-5p up-regulation is involved in non-small cell lung cancer cells proliferation and migration and poor prognosis. Abstract: MicroRNA-93-5p (miR-93-5p) dysregulation has been reported in many types of human cancer. However, the collective effect of miR-93-5p in both lung adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma and the mechanism underlying miR-93-5p involvement in non-small cell lung cancer cells (NSCLC) is unknown. Herein, our purpose was to reveal the role and explain this mechanism, with the goal of contributing to the development of new diagnostic biomarkers and individualized therapeutic targets. Materials and methods: We examined miR-93-5p expression in NSCLC specimens (including lung adenocarcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma) by qPCR. The effects of miR-93-5p inhibitor on proliferation, migration, and invasion of NSCLC cells were determined by MTT assay, colony formation assays, apoptosis assay, cell cycle assay and transwell chamber assays, respectively. The molecular mechanisms underlying these effects were investigated via dual luciferase reporter assay and western blotting. Results: MiR-93-5p expression levels were significantly correlated with NSCLC patients overall survival rate. Cell proliferation, migration, and invasion were significantly inhibited by miR-93-5p down-regulation. Dual luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that miR-93-5p directly bound with the 3'-untranslated region of the tumor suppressor gene PTEN and RB1. Conclusion: MiR-93-5p is up-regulated in NSCLC and plays an oncogenic role by inhibiting PTEN and RB1, suggesting miR-93-5p may be a novel prognostic indicator and a therapeutic target in NSCLC."	1
"Title: MiR-10a-5p targets TFAP2C to promote gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Abstract: By regulating target genes, microRNAs play essential roles in carcinogenesis and drug resistance in human pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Previous studies have shown that microRNA-10a-5p (miR-10a-5p) is overexpressed in PDAC and acts as an oncogene to promote the metastatic behavior of PDAC cells. However, the role of miR-10a-5p in PDAC chemoresistance remains unclear. Methods: The effects of miR-10a-5p on biological behaviors were analyzed. MiR-10a-5p and TFAP2C levels in tissues were detected, and the clinical value was evaluated. Results: We found that miR-10a-5p is up-regulated in gemcitabine-resistant PDAC cells and enhances PDAC cell gemcitabine resistance in vitro and vivo. Meanwhile, we also determined that miR-10a-5p promotes the migratory and invasive ability of PDAC cells. Next, we confirmed that transcription factor activating protein 2 gamma (TFAP2C) is a target of miR-10a-5p, and TFAP2C overexpression resensitizes PDAC cells to gemcitabine, which is initiated by miR-10a-5p. Further studies revealed that TFAP2C also decreased PDAC cell migration and invasion capability. Finally, survival analysis demonstrated that high miR-10a-5p expression levels and low TFAP2C expression levels were both independent adverse prognostic factors in patients with PDAC. Conclusion: Together, these results indicate that miR-10a-5p/TFAP2C may be new therapeutic target and prognostic marker in PDAC."	1
"Title: Legumain suppresses OxLDL-induced macrophage apoptosis through enhancement of the autophagy pathway. Abstract: Autophagy plays a prominent role in the pathogenesis of plaques formation and progression of atherosclerosis (AS). The cysteine protease legumain is known to participate in atherogenesis, but its function and underlying mechanism in AS macrophages remain unclear. Methods: The expressions of legumain in plaques isolated from AS patients and in macrophages stimulated with oxLDL were examined. Moreover, we effectively altered legumain expression in macrophages to characterize the effect of legumain on oxLDL-induced macrophage apoptosis. The expression of apoptotic and autophagic factors was analysed. Results: Legumain was present in plaques, and its expression was upregulated in macrophages treated with oxLDL. Suppressing legumain significantly increased oxLDL-induced macrophage apoptosis and the expression of caspase 3, caspase 9 and Bax. However, legumain overexpression decreased macrophage apoptosis upon oxLDL exposure and the levels of caspase 3, caspase 9 and Bax. In addition, recombinant legumain protein suppressed macrophage apoptosis. Biochemical experiments revealed that legumain deficiency decreased the levels of Beclin1 and LC3, whereas increased legumain expression increased the levels of Beclin1 and LC3 significantly. Conclusion: Legumain regulates oxLDL-induced macrophage apoptosis by enhancing the autophagy pathway, which may also influence the vulnerability of atherosclerotic plaques."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-139-5p affects cisplatin sensitivity in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells by regulating the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a head and neck cancer associated with poor prognosis. Many studies have shown that the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is important in cancer progression, metastasis, and chemotherapy resistance and that microRNAs (miRNAs) play a key role in chemotherapy resistance associated with EMT. The miRNA miR-139-5p is downregulated in many human cancers and is closely related to tumor progression. The aim of this study was to investigate the ability of miR-139-5p to influence the cisplatin resistance, apoptosis, invasion and migration in NPC cells through the regulation of the EMT. We investigated these processes in parental HNE1 and cisplatin-resistant HNE1/DDP cells transfected with miR-139-5p inhibitors and mimics, respectively. Our results suggest that the upregulation of miR-139-5p expression inhibits proliferation, invasion, migration and EMT in human NPC cells. In addition, we found that miR-139-5p expression levels and DDP-induced apoptosis positively correlate in NPC cells. In conclusion, our results demonstrate that miR-139-5p can regulate the migration, invasion and DDP resistance in human NPC by modulating the EMT. The regulation of miR-139-5p levels might be a new approach to reverse EMT and DDP resistance and counteract metastasis and chemotherapy resistance in human NPC."	1
"Title: Vitamin D receptor gene methylation in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Worldwide, hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the major subtype of primary liver cancers. HCC is typically diagnosed late in its course. With respect to cancer, the genomic actions of vitamin D are mediated through binding to the Vitamin D Receptor (VDR), which allows it to modulate the expression of genes in a cell-and tissue-specific manner. Epigenetics is a rapidly evolving field of genetic study applicable to HCC. Changes in DNA methylation patterns are thought to be early events in hepatocarcinogenesis. Curcumin has great potential as an epigenetic agent. Accordingly, the current study has been designed to study the methylation status of VDR gene promoter for the first time in HCC aiming to find its clinical significance and potential screening role in chronic Liver Disease (CLD). Additionally, we aimed to investigate, the effect of Curcumin on HCC cell line, aiming to discover new therapeutic targets through epigenetics. This study was conducted on 45 formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded liver tissue blocks including 15 HCC samples (group A), 15 CLD samples (group B) and 15 apparently normal tissue taken from around benign lesions (group C). Methylation Specific Restriction Digestion and qPCR were done on all samples after DNA extraction. The percentage of VDR gene promoter methylation was significantly higher in the HCC group compared to both CLD and control groups (p < 0.01). VDR promoter methylation by (MS-qPCR) was decreased and the relative expression of VDR by (qRT-PCR) was markedly increased in a dose-dependent fashion in cells grown in Curcumin-adequate medium. In conclusion, this study may open a new gate for the use of VDR promoter methylation as a potential biomarker in HCC."	1
"Title: Genetic or pharmacological superoxide-hydrogen peroxide imbalances modulate the in vitro effects of lithium on glycogen synthase kinase-3?. Abstract: Lithium (Li), a mood stabilizer used to treat bipolar disorder (BP) symptoms has important anti-inflammatory effects by downregulation of glycogen synthase kinase-3 beta (GSK-3?). However, sometime Li effect is not efficient in some patients suggesting genetic interference. Previous investigations described association between a genetic superoxide?hydrogen (S-HP) imbalance caused by a superoxide dismutase manganese dependent gene polymorphism (Val16Ala-SOD2 SNP, rs4880) and differential anti-inflammatory response of some drugs and bioactive molecules. Therefore, we postulated here that S-HP imbalance could present some effect on GSK-3? modulation by Li. Methods: to test this hypothesis, a genetic and a pharmacological S-HP imbalance protocols were performed. In the two protocols, immune cells were activated by phythohemaglutin (PHA). The first one, used peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) cultures carrying different Val16Ala-SOD2 genotypes, and the second used a commercial macrophage cell line RAW 264.7. Macrophages were exposed to paraquat to induce high S levels (VV-like cells) or porphyrin, that is a SOD2-like molecule that increase dismutation of S into HP (AA-like cells). In both protocols the Li effects on GSK-3? gene and protein modulation as evaluated in 24 h cultures. The inflammatory activation was also analyzed by cellular proliferation in 72 h cell cultures. Results: as expected PHA exposure triggered a strong upregulation of GSK-3? gene expression (p ? 0.001), and Li exposure showed GSK-3? gene downregulation from 0.7 mEq/L concentrations. However, Li modulatory effects on GSk-3? gene and protein expression was directly influenced by basal S-HP balance. Presence of high S-basal levels (VV genotype and VV-like cells) induced attenuated Li anti-inflammatory effects in comparison with balanced and AA and AA-like cells (p < 0.001). Despite methodological limitations related to in vitro assays, the whole of results suggested that Li anti-inflammatory effects is influenced by S-HP basal state and is plausible that its influence could contributes to resistance of some patients to Li treatment or to increase of intensity of some side effects Li-associated."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-128 inhibits proliferation and invasion of glioma cells by targeting COX-2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA), a class of small noncoding RNAs, regulates message RNA (mRNA) by targeting the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) resulting in suppression of gene expression. In this study, we identified the expression and function of miR-128, which was found to be downregulated in glioma tissues and glioma cells by real time PCR. Overexpression of miR-128 mimics into LN229 and U251 cells could inhibit proliferation and invasion of glioma cells. However, the inhibitory effects of miR-128 mimics on the invasion and proliferation of glioma cells were reversed by overexpression of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2). Our data showed that COX-2 was a candidate target of miR-128. Luciferase activity of 3'-UTR of COX-2 was reduced in the presence of miR-128. Additionally, miR-128 obviously decreased COX-2 mRNA stability determined by real time PCR. Contrarily, we found that miR-128 inhibitor significantly increased the COX-2 mRNA expression, and elevated the protein expression of MMP9 and ki67, and promoted the proliferation of glioma cells. Furthermore, luciferase activity of the 3'-UTR was upregulated by miR-128 inhibitor. All of these results supported that miR-128 was a direct regulator of COX-2. Further studies proved that COX-2 was elevated in glioma tissues and its expression was negatively correlated with the levels of miR-128. These findings may establish miR-128 as a new potential target for the treatment of patients with gliomas."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-199 suppresses cell proliferation, migration and invasion by downregulating RGS17 in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), the most common primary tumor of the liver, has a poor prognosis and shows rapid progression. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in carcinogenesis and tumor progression. Regulators of G-protein signaling (RGS) are critical for defining G-protein-dependent signal fidelity. RGS17 plays an important role in the regulation of cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Here, we showed that miR-199 was downregulated in a hepatocarcinoma cell line. Overexpression of miR-199 significantly suppressed HCC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro. RGS17 overexpression promoted HCC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion, and reversed the miR-199 mediated inhibition of proliferation, migration, and invasion. Dual-fluorescence reporter experiments confirmed that miR-199 downregulated RGS17 by direct interaction with the 3'-UTR of RGS17 mRNA. In vivo studies showed that miR-199 overexpression significantly inhibited the growth of tumors. Taken together, the results suggested that miR-199 inhibited tumor growth and metastasis by targeting RGS17."	1
"Title: ECSM2, an endothelial specific VE-cadherin binding protein, has a tyrosine phosphorylation site essential to cell migration. Abstract: Endothelial cell-specific molecule 2 (ECSM2) is a transmembrane protein located in cell-cell junction of endothelial cells (EC). ECSM2 was determined to play an important role in vascular development, EC migration, apoptosis and proliferation, however, no functional domains were determined in intracellular and extracellular region of ECSM2. In current work, functional domains of ECSM2, the relationship of ECSM2 with other endothelial specific protein such as VE-cadherin and the role of ECSM2 in neovascular diseases were determined. It was shown that the 54th amino acid residue of ECSM2 extracellular domain was a tyrosine phosphorylation site, whose mutation led to the loss of EGF-induced tyrosine phosphorylation and inhibition of cell migration. In primary human umbilical vein endothelial cells, ECSM2 bound with VE-cadherin and VEGF stimulation enhanced their binding. In hepatocellular carcinoma, ECSM2 expression was increased, as compared with para-cancerous tissue. This data firstly revealed the functional sites of ECSM2, the crosstalk between ECSM2 and other endothelial cell specific molecules, the expression of ECSM2 in tissues of angiogenesis diseases, thus providing understanding about ECSM2 in depth."	1
"Title: miR-206 Inhibits Cell Proliferation, Migration, and Invasion by Targeting BAG3 in Human Cervical Cancer. Abstract: miR-206 and Bcl-2-associated athanogene 3 (BAG3) have been suggested as important regulators in various cancer types. However, the biological role of miR-206 and BAG3 in cervical cancer (CC) remains unclear. We investigated the expressions and mechanisms of miR-206 and BAG3 in CC using in vitro and in vivo assays. In the present study, miR-206 expression was expressed at a lower level in CC tissues and cells than adjacent normal tissues and NEECs. By contrast, BAG3 mRNA and protein were expressed at higher levels in CC tissues and cells. Furthermore, miR-206 overexpression repressed cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro, and the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of BAG3 was a direct target of miR-206. miR-206 overexpression also inhibited EGFR, Bcl-2, and MMP2/9 protein expression, but promoted Bax protein expression. Besides, BAG3 overexpression partially abrogated miR-206-inhibited cell proliferation and invasion, while BAG3 silencing enhanced miR-206-mediated inhibition. In vivo assay revealed that miR-206 repressed tumor growth in nude mice xenograft model. In conclusion, miR-206 inhibits cell proliferation, migration, and invasion by targeting BAG3 in human CC. Thus, miR-206-BAG3 can be used as a useful target for CC."	1
"Title: Characterization of long non-coding RNAs to reveal potential prognostic biomarkers in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Dysregulation of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) plays critical roles in a variety of biological processes. Recent studies have documented that lncRNAs can function as potential biomarkers in cancer prognosis, however, little is known in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). To identify lncRNA signatures that have prognostic values in HCC, we analyzed lncRNA expression profiles of 364 HCC patients from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) dataset. A set of four lncRNAs was identified to be significantly associated with the overall survival. Based on the four-lncRNA signature, HCC patients can be classified into high- and low-risk subgroups with significantly different survival. This result can be further validated in the testing set and another independent HCC data. Further analyses showed that the prognostic value of four-lncRNA signature was independent of other clinicopathological factors. The potential functions of candidate lncRNAs were further examined using HCC cell lines, suggesting these lncRNAs might contribute to tumor development of HCC. This work indicated that lncRNA signature could be a useful marker to determine the diagnosis and predict the prognosis of HCC."	1
"Title: COL5A1 may contribute the metastasis of lung adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Lung cancer leads to the largest number of cancer-related deaths worldwide and is usually accompanied with metastasis which is the primary cause of those death and correlated with poor prognosis. However, the mechanism of lung cancer metastasis is still lack of definition. Methods: We compared the primary lung adenocarcinoma (AD) and its metastasis tissues induced by overexpression of Kras G12D and inactivation of P53 in mouse lungs by analyzing GSE40222 about the differentially expressed genes (DEGs), pathways and hub genes. And human lung AD databases are used to verify the conversed changes of identified key gene and then followed functional studies are performed to explore the functions of key gene. Results: We identified 165 genes differentially expressed in lung AD metastasis compared to primary AD. Pathway analysis identified 649 GO biological processes and 8 KEGG pathways, such as ECM-receptor interaction. Biological network interaction identified the hub genes during lung adenocarcinoma metastasis, such as the up-regulated COL5A1, a novel gene in AD metastasis. We found it's also increased in human AD and advanced stage. Knockdown of COL5A1 in human AD metastatic cells inhibited cell growth and invasion, and induced cell apoptosis. Notably, higher expression of COL5A1 was observed in the lung AD patients with recurrence and short survive. Conclusion: By analyzing mouse lung AD and its metastases, we identified the potential key genes and pathways regulating lung AD metastasis, such as COL5A1. The following analysis of COL5A1 in human AD database and cells explores its functions, holding the implications of target therapy in AD metastasis and also providing more clues for future studies."	1
"Title: DNMT1 mediated promoter methylation of GNAO1 in hepatoma carcinoma cells. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most lethal and prevalent cancers worldwide and has recently become the second most common cause of cancer-related deaths in men of developing countries. Guanine nucleotide-binding protein (G protein) has been reported to be associated with the early process of HCC. In our previous study, GNAO1, one of members of G protein, was found to be down-regulated in HCC. Thus, the present study aimed to throw light upon the mechanism of the abnormal expression of GNAO1 in HCC. First, qPCR results from two HCC cell lines (SMMC-7721 and QGY-7703) confirmed the down-expression of GNAO1, followed by the validation of the methylation status of the promoter region by bisulfite sequence PCR (BSP). Moreover, 5-Aza-2'-deoxycytidine (DAC) with Trichostatin A (TSA) treatment made it much clear that GNAO1 transcription was inhibited by promoter hypermethylation, contributing to its low expression. It was further revealed that the silencing effect was regulated by methyltransferase 1 (DNMT1), and was further enhanced by transforming growth factor ? (TGF-?). In addition, the up-regulation of GNAO1 with the help of recombinant plasmid was also found to accelerate cell apoptosis, confirmed by flow cytometry and western blotting analysis. All these results above indicated that the promoter hypermethylation of GNAO1 might play an important role in HCC, suggesting that it might be used as a promising biomarker for HCC diagnosis and targeted therapy."	1
"Title: Circular RNA CEP128 acts as a sponge of miR-145-5p in promoting the bladder cancer progression via regulating SOX11. Abstract: This study aimed to investigate the effect of over-expressing circular RNA CEP128 (circCEP128) on cell functions and explore the molecular mechanism of which in bladder carcinoma. Methods: The differentially expressed circRNAs and mRNAs in bladder carcinoma cells and cells in adjacent tissues were screened out using microarray analysis. Expression levels of circRNAs and mRNAs in tissues and cells were determined by qRT-PCR. Expression of SOX11 was detected by western blot. Luciferase reporter assay and RNA pull-down assay were used to investigate the interactions between the specific circRNA, miRNA and mRNA. Cell cycle and apoptosis were measured using flow cytometry after transfection. MTT assay was also performed to detect the cell proliferation. Results: In present study, circCEP128 and SOX11 were observed significantly up-regulated in bladder cancer tissues, while the expression of miR-145-5p was decreased in cancer samples compared to normal samples. Cytoscape was used to visualize circCEP128-miRNA-target gene interactions based on the TargetScan and circular RNA interactome, which revealed that circCEP128 served as a sponge of miR-145-5p and indirectly regulated SOX11. Knockdown of circCEP128 induced the inhibition of cell proliferation and the increased bladder cancer cell apoptosis rate. Conclusions: CircCEP128 functions as a ceRNA for miR-145-5p, which could up regulates SOX11 and further promotes cell proliferation and inhibits cell apoptosis of bladder cancer."	1
"Title: A functional promoter polymorphism in interleukin 12B gene is associated with an increased risk of ovarian endometriosis. Abstract: To explore the role of functional genetic variant of IL12B in the pathogenesis of ovarian endometriosis. Study design: This study included 815 patients with ovarian endometriosis and 788 women in the control group. Two polymorphisms were genotyped by a method of polymerase chain reaction and ligase detection reaction. To assess the biological significance of polymorphisms, we detected the level of IL12p40 protein expression in patients' eutopic endometrial tissues using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Result(s): Compared with the CTCTAA/CTCTAA genotype, the GC/GC and GC/CTCTAA genotypes of rs17860508 could significantly increase the risk of ovarian endometriosis development (OR = 1.58, 95% CI = 1.19-2.09; OR = 1.37, 95% CI = 1.08-1.74, respectively). Moreover, the IL12B mRNA was expressed at significantly higher levels in the eutopic endometrial tissue of patients with the GC/GC genotype than in patients with the CTCTAA/CTCTAA genotype. However, the rs3212227 polymorphism may not be associated with a risk of ovarian endometriosis. Conclusion(s): The rs17860508 polymorphism in the IL12B promoter region may influence the risk of developing ovarian endometriosis by altering the endometrial expression of IL12B of in Northern Chinese women."	1
"Title: Effect of negative pressure wound therapy on molecular markers in diabetic foot ulcers. Abstract: Diabetic foot ulcers are one of the most common complications of diabetes with high morbidity and mortality. Negative pressure wound therapy (NPWT) is one of the treatment modalities that facilitates the wound healing process; however, its molecular mechanism remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the mechanism of action of NPWT in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers via measuring the tissue expression of genes related to the wound healing process. The study included 40 patients with diabetic foot ulceration, 20 of them received NPWT and the other 20 were a control group treated with advanced moist therapy. Granulation tissue biopsies were obtained before and 10 days after treatment in both groups and subjected to real-time polymerase chain reaction to measure the mRNA expression of TGF-?1, VEGF, TNF-?, IL-1?, MMP-1, MMP-9 and TIMP-1 which are involved in the wound healing pathway. After 10 days of treatment with NPWT, the mRNA levels of IL-1?, TNF-?, MMP-1, and MMP-9 were significantly downregulated, while the levels of VEGF, TGF-?1 and TIMP-1 were significantly increased. Our study demonstrated that NPWT promotes wound healing in diabetic foot ulcers possibly by affecting growth factors, inflammatory cytokines, and matrix metalloproteinases."	1
"Title: MiR-146b inhibits autophagy in prostate cancer by targeting the PTEN/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway. Abstract: Prostate cancer (PCa) is considered as a common visceral cancer in males and the sixth major cause of cancer-related deaths in males worldwide. Significant diagnostic and therapeutic advances have been made in the past decades. However, an improved understanding of their molecular mechanism is still needed. In the present research, we first detected the expression of miR-146b by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) and found that miR-146b expression was increased in PCa. Subsequently, we found that miR-146b play an important role in the viability and proliferation capacity of PCa cells functionally. To explore the mechanism, we performed western blot to examine the autophagy-related markers, and found that miR?146b may promote autophagy in PCa cells via activation of PTEN/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Furthermore, we performed the dual luciferase reporter assay to clarify the relationship between miR-146b and PTEN. In conclusion, this study demonstrated that miR-146b inhibited autophagy in PCa by targeting the PTEN/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway, and it could be a potential candidate for application in the treatment of PCa."	1
"Title: MiR-19a negatively regulated the expression of PTEN and promoted the growth of ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the most lethal malignancy of the women genital tract. Exploring novel factors involved in the development of ovarian cancer and characterizing the molecular mechanisms by which regulate the tumorigenesis of ovarian cancer are quite necessary. Here, we found that miR-19a was highly expressed in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-19a promoted the viability of ovarian cancer cells, while down-regulation of miR-19a inhibited the growth of ovarian cancer cells. To further understand the underlying molecular mechanism of miR-19a in regulating ovarian cancer cell growth, the downstream targets of miR-19a were predicted. The bioinformatics analysis showed that the tumor suppressor PTEN was found as one of the targeting candidates of miR-19a. MiR-19a bound the 3'-UTR of PTEN and highly expressed miR-19a decreased both the mRNA and protein levels of PTEN in ovarian cancer cells. Overexpression of PTEN suppressed the promoting effect of miR-19a on regulating the growth of ovarian cancer cells. Notably, the expression of miR-19a and PTEN was inversely correlated in ovarian cancer tissues. These results demonstrated the potential oncogenic role of miR-19a in ovarian cancer, which suggested that miR-19a might be a promising target in the diagnosis and treatment of ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: Anticancer mechanism of Sinapic acid in PC-3 and LNCaP human prostate cancer cell lines. Abstract: Sinapic acid (SA) is a derivative of hydroxycinnamic acid and found in various vegetables and fruit species. Aim was to evaluate the anticancer effects of SA in PC-3 and LNCaP human prostate cancer cells. The effect of SA on cell viability was determined using XTT assay. Expressions of 8 genes for apoptosis and 6 genes for metastasis were evaluated by qPCR. Caspase-3 activity was determined using caspase-3 colorimetric assay kit. Effect of SA on cell invasion was evaluated with cell invasion assay. The IC50dose of SA in PC-3 and LNCaP cells was found to be 1000 ?M for 72 h. SA treatment increased the expression of BAX, CASP3, CASP8, CYCS, FAS, TIMP-1 and CDH1 however significantly decreased the expression of MMP-9 in PC-3 cells. In LNCaP cells, the expressions of BAX, CASP3, CASP7 and CYCS were significantly elevated; however, a decrease was seen in the expressions of CDH2, MMP-2 and MMP-9 in the SA treatment. Moreover, SA significantly increased caspase-3 activity and suppressed the cell invasion. In conclusion, it is thought that SA has anticancer effect on prostate cancer cells. However, more detailed studies should be conduct to illuminate molecular mechanism of apoptotic and antimetastatic activity of SA."	1
"Title: microRNA-145-3p inhibits non-small cell lung cancer cell migration and invasion by targeting PDK1 via the mTOR signaling pathway. Abstract: The mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway is dysregulated in more than 50% of all human malignancies and is a major target in cancer treatment. In this study, we explored the underlying mechanism involving microRNA-145-3p (miR-145-3p) in the development and progression of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) by targeting PDK1 via the mTOR signaling pathway. NSCLC tissues and adjacent normal tissues were obtained from 83 NSCLC patients. miR-145-3p, PDK1, and mTOR levels were determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and immunohistochemistry. Human NSCLC cell lines A549 and H1299 were transfected with miR-145-3p and siPDK1 to confirm the effect of miR-145-3p and PDK1 on NSCLC cells in vitro. Cell growth was evaluated by a CCK8 assay. Cell motility and chemotaxis analysis were determined by the scratch test and chemotaxis assay, respectively. The protein levels of PDK1 and mTOR were measured using the western blotting. Results showed lower level of miR-145-3p and higher levels of PDK1 and mTOR in NSCLC tissues compared to the adjacent normal tissues. In vitro results showed that cell growth, cell motility, and chemotaxis were all inhibited in cells transfected with miR-145-3p and those transfected with siPDK. Additionally, dual luciferase reporter gene assay helped confirmed that PDK1 is a target of miR-145. Finally, levels of PDK1, mTOR, and phosphorylated-mTOR were lower in cells transfected with miR-145-3p as well as those with siPDK1. These findings indicate that miR-145-3p may inhibit cell growth, motility, and chemotaxis in NSCLC by targeting PDK1 through suppressing the mTOR pathway."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-150 promotes cell proliferation, migration, and invasion of cervical cancer through targeting PDCD4. Abstract: Recent studies have showed that microRNA-150 (miR-150) is up-regulated in various cancers including cervical cancer. However, the specific mechanism of miR-150 in the regulation of cell proliferation, migration and invasion is still unclear. In this study, a total of 150 cervical cancer samples, including 50 cervical cancer tissues, 50 corresponding adjacent non-neoplastic tissues, and 50 serum samples were collected from cervical cancer patients. 50 matched normal tissues and 50 serum samples were collected from the control group. MiR-150 was evaluated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Programmed cell death protein 4 (PDCD4) was evaluated by qRT-PCR and western blot. Cell migration and invasion were assessed by transwell assays. Proliferative abilities were determined by MTT assays. Luciferase reporter assay was employed to validate the direct target of PDCD4 by miR-150. We found that miR-150 was increased in cervical cancer specimens. In contrast, PDCD4 was decreased in cervical cancer tissues. MiR-150 promoted cell migration, invasion and proliferation through targeting PDCD4. These results collectively indicated that miR-150 might be used as a potential therapeutic biomarker in cervical cancer."	1
"Title: The long non-coding RNA ENST00000547547 reduces 5-fluorouracil resistance of colorectal cancer cells via competitive binding to microRNA-31. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common cancers and the third leading cause of cancer-related deaths due to its rapid progression and poor prognosis. 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU)-based chemotherapies are the standard treatment for locally advanced CRC. However, a considerable percentage of CRCs have inherent or acquired 5-FU resistance, which critically impedes clinical outcomes. In the present study, we reported that the expression level ENST00000547547 was downregulated in 5-FU-resistant CRC cells in comparison with the parental cells, While rising with the treatment of 5-FU in parental cells. Overexpression of ENST00000547547 promoted 5-FU-induced cell apoptosis and reduced the chemoresistance of 5-FU in vitro. Moreover, we found that ENST00000547547 was a target of miR-31, as confirmed by dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation assay. Notably, miR-31 was upregulated in 5-FU-resistant CRC cells, and knockdown of miR-31 increased the chemosensitivity of 5-FU-resistant CRC cells. Furthermore, we demonstrated that ENST00000547547 reduced the chemoresistance of 5-FU via competitive binding to miR-31 in 5-FU-resistant CRC cell lines. Collectively, our findings revealed that ENST00000547547 reduced chemoresistance in 5-FU of 5-FU-resistant CRC cells through competitive binding to miR-31 and has the potential to serve as a therapeutic target in CRC patients."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-326 inhibits melanoma progression by targeting KRAS and suppressing the AKT and ERK signalling pathways. Abstract: Melanoma is the seventh most common malignancy in females and the fifth most common cancer in males worldwide. An increasing number of studies have reported that microRNA (miRNA) dysregulation is frequently observed in various types of human cancers, including melanoma. Abnormally expressed miRNAs play an important role in melanoma formation and progression by serving as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets. Recently, miRNA-326 (miR-326) has been reported to be differentially expressed in various types of tissues and play important roles in tumourigenesis and tumour development. However, the expression levels, biological roles and underlying mechanisms of miR-326 in melanoma remain unknown. In the present study, we demonstrated that miR-326 was significantly downregulated in melanoma tissues and cell lines. Functional assays revealed that the enforced expression of miR-326 suppressed melanoma cell proliferation and invasion and increased cell apoptosis in vitro. Using bioinformatic analysis, Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (KRAS) was predicted as a potential target of miR-326. Luciferase reporter assay confirmed that miR-326 could directly target the 3'-untranslated region of KRAS. In addition, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis revealed that miR-326 upregulation decreased the KRAS expression in melanoma cells at both the mRNA and protein level. Furthermore, KRAS was upregulated in melanoma tissues and inversely correlated with miR-326 expression. In addition, the KRAS knockdown phenocopied the tumour-suppressing effects of miR-326 overexpression on melanoma cells. The restoration of the expression of KRAS markedly reversed the antitumour effects induced by miR-326 overexpression in melanoma cells. Further experiments indicated that miR-326 inactivated the AKT and ERK signalling pathways in melanoma. Collectively, these results revealed that miR-326 serves as a tumour suppressor in melanoma by targeting KRAS and regulating the AKT and ERK signalling pathways, indicating that miR-326 may be a promising therapeutic target for melanoma patients."	1
"Title: P2Y2 receptor promotes the migration and invasion of breast cancer cells via EMT-related genes Snail and E-cadherin. Abstract: Adenosine 5'-triphosphate (ATP) is one of the most abundant biochemical constituents within the tumor microenvironment and is postulated to play critical roles in the progression of a number of types of tumors via interaction with the P2Y2 receptor. In the present study, we demonstrated that the P2Y2 receptor was highly expressed in MCF7 and Hs578T breast cancer cells. Downregulation of the P2Y2 receptor by small interfering RNA (siRNA) significantly attenuated ATP- or UTP-driven migration and invasion of the breast cancer cells as well as expression of EMT-related genes Snail and E-cadherin. Consistent with the observations in vitro, the P2Y2 receptor was found to be abundantly expressed at the invasive edge of the tumor, in infiltrating tumor cells in breast adipose tissues and/or the cancer embolus in the lymphatic sinuses compared with the tumor core areas. Furthermore, high Snail expression and weak or negative expression of E-cadherin were observed at the invasive edge of tumors. Taken together, these data indicate that the P2Y2 receptor promoted cell migration and invasion in breast cancer cells via EMT-related genes Snail and E-cadherin."	1
"Title: Role of c-Met in the progression of human oral squamous cell carcinoma and its potential as a therapeutic target. Abstract: Mesenchymal-epithelial transition factor (c-Met) is the only high affinity receptor for hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), and is frequently activated in many human cancers. However, little is known about the role of the HGF/c-Met signaling pathway in the progression of human oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC). This study evaluated the role of the HGF/c-Met signaling pathway in the progression of human OSCC. We found that the expression of c-Met was significantly increased in human OSCC tissues than in normal mucosa adjacent to the tumor (P<0.05), but was not correlated with clinicopathological parameters. Additionally, the selective c-Met inhibitor JNJ was found to inhibit cell viability and migration and promote apoptosis in OSCC cell lines, and also blocked the activation AKT, ERK1/2, and NF-?B p65; thus, suggesting that HGF/c-Met signaling may play an important role in the tumorigenic properties of OSCC cells via the AKT, ERK1/2, and NF-?B pathways. Collectively, these results indicated that HGF/c-Met signaling may serve essential roles in the progression of human OSCC, and may thus be a basis for the development of novel therapeutic approaches in the treatment of OSCC."	1
"Title: miR-486 functions as a tumor suppressor in esophageal cancer by targeting CDK4/BCAS2. Abstract: Esophageal cancer is a common tumor for which morbidity and mortality are high worldwide. We aimed to study alterations in miR-486 expression in esophageal cancers, and the effect miR-486 on esophageal cancer cell function and behavior. We collected esophageal cancer tissues/corresponding normal tissues from 20 patients and utilized three esophageal cancer cell lines and normal esophageal epithelial cells, and the expression of miR-486, CDK4 and BCAS2 was detected by qRT-PCR. Western blotting was used to detect the expression of CDK4 and BCAS2 protein. Then, we overexpressed miR-486 in esophageal cancer cell line EC9706. A series of cell functional analyses, including cell growth, cell cycle, apoptosis, migration and invasion were performed in esophageal cancer cells using colony formation assay, flow cytometry, Transwell and scratch assays, respectively. Dual-luciferase reporter gene assay was used to detect the target genes of miR-486. We found that the expression of miR-486 in esophageal cancer tissues and cell lines was significantly lower than that in the normal tissues and normal esophageal epithelial cell line. Overexpression of miR-486 significantly inhibited the colony formation ability, induced G0/G1 phase arrest and apoptosis and suppressed cell migration and invasion in the EC9706 cells. Using bioinformatics and luciferase reporter assay, we identified that CDK4 and BCAS2 may be target genes of miR-486 and levels of CDK4 and BCAS2 were both significantly higher in the esophageal cancer tissues and cell lines than levels in the normal tissues and cells. Furthermore, knockdown of CDK4/BCAS2 coincided with the suppressive effects of miR-486 in esophageal cancer cells. Expression of apoptotic signaling molecules p21 and caspase-3 was upregulated in the CDK4/BCAS2-knockdown groups. These results suggest that miR-486 may suppress tumor cell growth and metastasis in esophageal cancer by targeting CDK4/BCAS2. The newly identified miR-486/CDK4/BCAS2 pathway provides further insight into the development and progression of esophageal cancer, which is of great significance to the early diagnosis and detection of esophageal cancer."	1
"Title: miR-16 mimics inhibit TGF-?1-induced epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition via activation of autophagy in non-small cell lung carcinoma cells. Abstract: Autophagy is critical for the metastasis of cancer cells through induction of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Activation of TGF-? signaling plays a key role in regulating autophagy. miR-16 may be associated with non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) progression. However, the role of miR-16 in NSCLC cell autophagy in the presence of TGF-? and the underlying mechanism are still unclear. To test whether miR-16 targets ATG3 which is involved in autophagy of NSCLC cells, we studied the expression levels of miR-16 and ATG3 in NSCLC patients, verified the targeting of ATG3 by miR-16 by luciferase reporter gene system, and investigated the role of miR-16 in the autophagy of NSCLC cells. Results revealed that miR-16 was significantly downregulated, and ATG3 was significantly upregulated in NSCLC patient tissue samples. ATG3 was found to be a direct target of miR-16. TGF-?1 significantly downregulated the expression of miR-16 and ATG3 mRNA. Using transmission electron microscopy, we observed that TGF-?1 treatment reduced autophagosomes in the A549 cells, and miR-16 mimics increased the autophagosomes in the presence of TGF-?1. Acridine orange (AO) staining and expression of LC3B II/I and p62 confirmed the inhibition of autophagy by TGF-?1, and the recovery of TGF-?1-mediated inhibition of autophagy by miR-16 mimics. Finally, miR-16 mimics inhibited TGF-?1-induced EMT, and this effect was attenuated by autophagy inhibitor 3-MA. Taken together, miR-16 mimics inhibited TGF-?1-induced EMT via activation of autophagy."	1
"Title: Placenta-specific protein 1 promotes cell proliferation and invasion in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Pulmonary carcinoma-associated proteins have emerged as crucial players in governing fundamental biological processes such as cell proliferation, apoptosis and metastasis in human cancers. Placenta-specific protein 1 (PLAC1) is a cancer-related protein, which is activated and upregulated in a variety of malignant tissues, including prostate cancer, gastric adenocarcinoma, colorectal, epithelial ovarian and breast cancer. However, its biological role and clinical significance in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) development and progression are still unknown. In the present study, we found that PLAC1 was significantly upregulated in NSCLC tissues, and its expression level was associated with advanced pathological stage and it was also correlated with shorter progression-free survival of lung cancer patients. Furthermore, knockdown of PLAC1 expression by siRNA inhibited cell proliferation, induced apoptosis and impaired invasive ability in NSCLC cells partly via regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-related protein expression. Our findings present that increased PLAC1 could be identified as a negative prognostic biomarker in NSCLC and regulate cell proliferation and invasion. Thus, we conclusively demonstrated that PLAC1 plays a key role in NSCLC development and progression, which may provide novel insights on the function of tumor-related gene-driven tumorigenesis."	1
"Title: ITR?284 modulates cell differentiation in human chronic myelogenous leukemia K562 cells. Abstract: ITR?284 is a carboxamide analog that can inhibit proliferation in human promyelocytic leukemia HL-60 cells. To understand the effects and molecular mechanisms of ITR?284 in human erythromyeloblastoid leukemia, we treated K562 cells with different concentrations of ITR?284 (0, 2, 4, 6, 8 and 10 nM) and all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) (0, 0.1, 0.5, 1, 5 and 10 µM) for 24 h. The IC50 of ITR?284 was ~10 nM in K562 cells treated for 24 h as determined by MTT assay. May-Grünwald-Giemsa staining and nitro blue tetrazolium (NBT) assays were used to determine cell morphology changes and differentiation after ITR?284 and ATRA treatment. In addition, mRNA expression levels of hematopoietic factors, including GATA?1, NF-E2 and GATA?2, were elevated, while expression levels of BCR?ABL were downregulated in K562 cells after 24 h of treatment with ITR?284 as determined by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. In addition, western blot analyses showed that FOXM1, GLI 1 and c-MYC protein levels were decreased by ITR?284. Taken together, our data show that ITR?284 induced K562 cell differentiation, which led to decreased tumorigenesis. Our findings suggest that ITR?284 could be a potential candidate for treating chronic myelogenous leukemia."	1
"Title: Downregulation of miR?19a?3p promotes invasion, migration and bone metastasis via activating TGF?? signaling in prostate cancer. Abstract: Constitutive activation of TGF?? signaling pathway is a well-documented mechanism responsible for the bone metastasis of prostate cancer (PCa). MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to be crucial for the activation of TGF?? signaling via targeting downstream components of TGF?? signaling pathway. Here, we report that miR?19a?3p is downregulated in bone metastatic PCa tissues and cells. Upregulation of miR?19a?3p suppresses invasion, migration in vitro and inhibits bone metastasis in vivo in PCa cells. Conversely, silencing miR?19a?3p yields the opposite effect. Our results further demonstrate that miR?19a?3p inhibits invasion and migration abilities of PCa cells via targeting downstream effectors of TGF?? signaling, SMAD2 and SMAD4, resulting in the inactivation of TGF?? signaling. Therefore, our results uncover a novel mechanistic understanding of miR?19a?3p-induced suppressive role in bone metastasis of PCa, which will facilitate the development of effective cancer therapy methods against PCa."	1
"Title: HMGA2 facilitates epithelial-mesenchymal transition in renal cell carcinoma by regulating the TGF-?/Smad2 signaling pathway. Abstract: High-mobility group AT-hook 2 (HMGA2), a member of the high mobility group family, has been reported to correlate with cancer progression. However, there is no report concerning the correlation between HMGA2 and metastasis in renal cell carcinoma. In the present study, we found that HMGA2 was highly expressed in five renal cell carcinoma cell lines compared with that in the normal renal tubular epithelial HK2 cell line. Additionally, HMGA2 facilitated cell migration and invasion of renal cell carcinoma cells, as evidenced by wound healing and Transwell assays. Subsequently, our results revealed that the E?cadherin level was upregulated, while N?cadherin, Twist1 and Twist2 expression were downregulated in HMGA2-depleted ACHN cells. In contrast, overexpression of HMGA2 in 786?O cells enhanced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). In addition, analysis of the database Cancer Browser further validated the positive correlation between HGMA2 and Twist1 or Twist2 in renal cell carcinoma. Meanwhile, Kaplan-Meier analysis indicated that low HMGA2 expression was closely associated with an increased overall survival in renal cell carcinoma patients. To confirm the underlying mechanism of HMGA2-regulated EMT, our results revealed that silencing of HMGA2 downregulated the mRNA and protein levels of TGF-? and Smad2, while HMGA2 overexpression had the opposite effect. Furthermore, TGF-? overexpression could partially reverse the anti-metastatic effect and mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET) by HMGA2 loss, while TGF-? deficiency impeded the pro?metastatic phenotype and high expression of EMT markers induced by HMGA2 overexpression. In summary, our results demonstrated that HMGA2 facilitated a metastatic phenotype and the EMT process in renal cell carcinoma cells in vitro through a TGF-?-dependent pathway. In addition, these data strongly suggest that HGMA2 may serve as a potential therapeutic target and prognostic biomarker against renal cell carcinoma in the future."	1
"Title: miR?106b?5p promotes cell cycle progression of malignant melanoma by targeting PTEN. Abstract: This study investigated how miR?106b?5p/PTEN signaling affects the cell cycle of malignant melanoma (MM) cells. miR?106b?5p mRNA was identified with qRT?PCR. Through transient transfection, miR?106b?5p or PTEN was upregulated and downregulated in MM cells. With such transfected cells, MTT assay, colony formation assay and flow cytometry were carried out to investigate the role of miR?106b?5p in cell cycle progression after the transfected cells were treated with reverse-regulation of miR?106b?5p or PTEN. Western blot analysis was used to quantify all proteins, and a luciferase reporter assay was carried out to validate miR?106b?5p targeting PTEN. miR?106b?5p mRNA was overexpressed in MM tissues and cell lines. MM cells with upregulated miR?106b?5p presented faster growth and shorter cell cycles, while those with knockdown of miR?106b?5p presented the opposite trend. PTEN was subject to post?transcriptional regulation of miR?106b?5p. Based on such a finding, further exploration was carried out to investigate the interaction between cyclin D1 and P27Kip1, with the finding that miR?106b?5p can stimulate cyclin D1 and suppress P27Kip1 via the Akt/ERK pathway. The results of this study suggest that miR?106b?5p may be a promoter in MM progression, possibly by targeting PTEN and thus regulating the downstream cell?cycle-related proteins and Akt/ERK pathway."	1
"Title: Expression level of microRNA-200c is associated with cell morphology in vitro and histological differentiation through regulation of ZEB1/2 and E-cadherin in gastric carcinoma. Abstract: Scirrhous type gastric cancer is characterized by diffuse infiltration of poorly differentiated adenocarcinoma cells and poor prognosis. Although association of poorly differentiated histology with reduction in E-cadherin expression, as well as association of microRNA (miR)-200c with E-cadherin through regulation of ZEB1/2, has been reported, participation of miR-200c in gastric carcinogenesis is not fully understood. We used 6 cell lines originating from gastric cancers, and investigated levels of miR-200c along with its target mRNAs ZEB1/2 and E-cadherin by qRT-PCR. ZEB1 and E-cadherin protein expression was also assessed via western blotting. Furthermore, we investigated the expression levels of miR?200c by in situ hybridization, along with the expression of ZEB1 and E-cadherin by immunohistochemistry, in 97 gastric adenocarcinoma tissues. Inverse correlation between miR?200c and ZEB1 levels were obtained by qRT-PCR in cell lines (P<0.05). Cell lines with low miR-200c and high ZEB1 exhibited low E-cadherin expression in both qRT-PCR and western blotting, and exhibited spindle-shaped morphology, in contrast to round cell morphology in those cell lines with high miR-200c levels. Inverse correlations were also obtained between miR-200c and ZEB1 as well as between ZEB1 and E-cadherin levels in tissue samples (P<0.001). Cancer tissues with low miR-200c, high ZEB1, and low E-cadherin expression were associated with poorly differentiated histology, in contrast to tubular form in cancers with high miR-200c expression levels (P<0.001). Our data revealed that downregulation of miR-200c primarily regulated cell morphology by downregulation of E-cadherin through upregulation of ZEB1, leading to poorly differentiated histology in gastric cancer."	1
"Title: A novel mechanism of neovascularization in peritoneal dissemination via cancer-associated mesothelial cells affected by TGF-? derived from ovarian cancer. Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is believed to cause peritoneum dissemination through microenvironmental cell?to-cell communication between the tumor and mesothelium, leading to the further acquisition of progressive and metastatic potentials. In the present study, we aimed to determine the role of cancer-associated mesothelial cells (CAMCs) in the promotion of tumor neovascularization and vascular permeability via enhanced vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) production. We examined whether a characteristic morphological change in human peritoneal mesothelial cells (HPMCs) was observed in the presence of malignant ascites and tumor-derived TGF-?. We focused on the enhanced production of VEGF in CAMCs and its crucial role in endothelial migration and tube formation. Normal HPMCs showed an epithelial morphology with a cobblestone appearance. When HPMCs were co-cultured with malignant ascites from patients with advanced EOC, a dramatic morphologic change was noted from an epithelioid pattern to an ?-SMA-positive fibroblastic, mesenchymal pattern. Additionally, we found that EOC-derived TGF-? induced typical EMT-like morphological alteration in HPMCs, which was associated with CAMCs. We further discovered that CAMCs play a crucial role in the enhanced migration and tube formation of endothelial cells by the promotion of VEGF production. In conclusion, our findings indicate the possible involvement of CAMCs in the neovascularization of EOC and enhancement of vascular permeability, resulting in the formation of malignant ascites. The novel mechanism of CAMCs as a facilitator of EOC progression is displayed by microenvironmental cell-to-cell communication between EOC and the mesothelium."	1
"Title: miRNA-34a decreases ovarian cancer cell proliferation and chemoresistance by targeting HDAC1. Abstract: This study aimed to explore the roles of miRNA-34a (miR-34a) in ovarian cancer (OC) cells and uncover possible mechanisms. The proliferation of OC cells was measured with an MTT assay and soft agar colony formation assay. TargetScan analysis, real-time PCR, and a luciferase reporter assay were used to demonstrate the downstream target of miR-34a in OC cells. HDAC1 expression levels were detected by immunoblot analysis. miR-34a inhibited the proliferation of SKOV3 and OVCA433 cells and enhanced cisplatin sensitivity in cisplatin-resistant SKOV3cp cells. The results of TargetScan analysis, real-time PCR, and luciferase reporter assay confirmed that miR-34a downregulated HDAC1 expression by directly targeting the 3'-UTR of HDAC1 mRNA. The overexpression of HDAC1 decreased cisplatin sensitivity and promoted proliferation in OC cells. MTT assay and soft agar colony formation assay showed that HDAC1 overexpression blocked the suppressive effects of miR-34a on SKOV3 cell proliferation. In addition, treatment with the miR-34a mimic partially recovered the cisplatin sensitivity of SKOV3cp cells, whereas HDAC1 overexpression blocked the above phenomena caused by treatment with the miR-34a mimic. miR-34a exhibited suppressive effects on OC cells via directly binding and downregulating HDAC1 expression, which subsequently decreased the resistance to cisplatin and suppressed proliferation in OC cells."	1
"Title: GRP137 promotes cell proliferation and metastasis through regulation of the PI3K/AKT pathway in human ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the leading causes of death for women worldwide. The present study aims to investigate the role of G protein-coupled receptor 137 (GPR137) in the biological activities of ovarian cancer cells. Methods:: (QUERY: Please supply Methods for Abstract). Results:: G protein-coupled receptor 137 was highly expressed in clinical ovarian cancer tissues and exhibited the highest protein levels in SKOV3 cells and OVCAR3 cells. Knockdown of GPR137 caused significant decreases in cell proliferative rates and colony formation abilities in SKOV3 cells and OVCAR3 cells and also inhibited the in vivo tumorigenesis in a xenograft model. It was observed that knockdown of GPR137 inhibited cell motility by up to 40% in SKOV3 cells and approximately 65% in OVCAR3 cells in wound-healing assay. Cell migration abilities were consistently inhibited by 68.2% in SKOV3 cells and 59.3% in OVCAR3 cells, whereas cell invasion abilities were inhibited by 64.0% and 74.2% in SKOV3 and OVCAR3 cells, respectively, after knockdown of GPR137. When GPR137 was depleted, epithelial markers were increased, while mesenchymal markers decreased. Conclusions:: Our data suggest that GPR137 plays pro-oncogenic roles in ovarian cancer via regulation of the PI3K/AKT pathway. These observations might pave new insights into therapeutic strategies against human ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: miR-125a-3p is responsible for chemosensitivity in PDAC by inhibiting epithelial-mesenchymal transition via Fyn. Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is one of the most lethal cancers and resistance to cytotoxic chemotherapy is the major cause of mortality in PDAC patients. miR-125a-3p was found to be down-regulated in PDAC cells; however, the function of miR-125a-3p in PDAC has been elusive. Here, we explored the role of miR-125a-3p in chemosensitivity in PDAC cells. Methods: We used qRT-PCR to detect miR-125a-3p expression in two PDAC cell lines. And we measured cell viability and apoptosis by MTT assay and flow cytometry, respectively. Scratch wound healing assay and transwell invasion assay were used to test the effects of miR-125a-3p and Fyn on cell EMT process. In addition, we validated the interaction of miR-125a-3p and Fyn by dual luciferase reporter assay. qRT-PCR and western blot were used to detect the mRNA and protein expressions of E-cadhrein, N-cadhrein, Snail and Fyn. Results: We found that miR-125a-3p was down-regulated in a time-dependent manner following treatment with gemcitabine in PDAC cells. Meanwhile, we found that overexpression of miR-125a-3p significantly increased chemosensitivity to gemcitabine and suppressed epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of PDAC cells. Mechanistically, miR-125a-3p directly targeted Fyn and decreased the expression of Fyn that functions to promote EMT process in PDAC. Furthermore, overexpression of Fyn could partially reverse the effects of miR-125a-3p on chemosensitivity to gemcitabine. Conclusion: Our study is the first to show that miR-125a-3p is responsible for chemosensitivity in PDAC and could inhibit epithelial-mesenchymal transition by directly targeting Fyn. This provides a novel potential therapeutic strategy to overcome chemoresistance in PDAC."	1
"Title: Knockdown of metadherin inhibits cell proliferation and migration in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Metadherin (MTDH) is a multifunctional oncogene involved in tumor cell migration and metastasis through regulating a number of oncogenic signaling pathways in various human malignancies. Previous studies have demonstrated that MTDH is overexpressed in human colorectal cancer (CRC) and associated with cancer progression and a poor prognosis. However, the underlying mechanisms remain largely unknown. The present study investigated the expression and role of MTDH in CRC cells as well as the underlying mechanism of this. Western blot analysis and quantitative polymerase chain reaction were conducted to determine protein and mRNA expression of MTDH in three human CRC cell lines. A short hairpin RNA (shRNA) targeting MTDH was introduced into CRC HCT116 cells to stably inhibit MTDH expression. A Cell Counting Kit?8 assay, colony formation assay, Transwell assay and flow cytometry were used to investigate the effect of MTDH?knockdown on cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and cell cycle arrest. Western blotting was performed to examine the protein expression levels of cell growth? and apoptosis?associated genes. The results demonstrated that MTDH was commonly expressed in CRC cell lines. MTDH silencing significantly suppressed cell growth, colony forming ability and migration while inducing the apoptosis of HCT116 cells. In addition, MTDH depletion induced S phase cell cycle arrest in HCT116 cells. Mechanistically, knockdown of MTDH markedly downregulated the expression of phosphorylated protein kinase B, c?Myc, proliferating cell nuclear antigen and B?cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl?2) protein in HCT116 cells, and the expression of p53 and Bcl?2?associated X protein was significantly increased compared with the negative control shRNA group (P<0.05), suggesting that MTDH may function through the expression of numerous types of apoptosis?associated and signaling channel proteins in CRC cells. Taken together, these data indicated that MTDH may serve as a biomarker and candidate therapeutic target for CRC."	1
"Title: lncRNA GAS5 inhibits colorectal cancer cell proliferation via the miR?182?5p/FOXO3a axis. Abstract: Long non?coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are mainly involved in diverse biological processes in human malignancies. The expression profile and underlying mechanism of the lncRNA growth arrest specific transcript 5 (GAS5) in colorectal cancer (CRC) are poorly understood. Here, we investigated the role of GAS5 in human CRC tissues. lncRNA GAS5 was specifically downregulated in CRC tissues and cell lines. Reduced GAS5 levels were significantly associated with advanced clinical stage and lymph node metastasis in CRC. GAS5 overexpression suppressed CRC cell proliferation and promoted cellular apoptosis. A dual?luciferase reporter assay showed that GAS5 could negatively regulate the expression of microRNA (miR)?182?5p. Upregulated miR?182?5p abrogated the effect of GAS5 overexpression on CRC cell proliferation and apoptosis. Furthermore, GAS5 positively regulated the expression of FOXO3a in CRC cells. Taken together, these findings suggest that overexpression of the lncRNA GAS5 inhibits cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis by inhibiting miR?182?5p expression, and thus could be a therapeutic target in CRC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?320a suppresses tumour cell proliferation and invasion of renal cancer cells by targeting FoxM1. Abstract: An increasing body of evidence has indicated that microRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) may play an important role in tumourigenesis and tumour progression. Recent studies have demonstrated that miR?320a is aberrantly expressed in a variety of different types of human cancer. The results of the present study confirmed that the expression of miR?320a was decreased in clinical specimens and cell lines. Expression of miR?320a inhibited the growth and invasive ability of ACHN and Caki?1 cells. Bioinformatics analysis and a luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that forkhead box protein M1 (FoxM1) was directly regulated by miR?320a. Rescue experiments in vitro revealed that the upregulation of FoxM1 antagonized the miR?320a?mediated malignant phenotype in renal cancer. Furthermore, experiments employing a xenograft mouse model revealed that the upregulation of miR?320a inhibited the proliferation of renal cancer cells in nude mice when FoxM1 protein expression was reduced. Collectively, the present study demonstrated a novel molecular interaction regulated by miR?320a, which may provide a novel insight into the treatments for renal cancer."	1
"Title: Induction of microRNA?let?7a inhibits lung adenocarcinoma cell growth by regulating cyclin D1. Abstract: Lung cancer is the most common cause of cancer?associated mortality. MicroRNAs (miRNAs), as oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes, serve crucial roles not only in tumorigenesis, but also in tumor invasion and metastasis. Although miRNA?let?7a (let?7a) has been reported to suppress cell growth in multiple cancer types, the biological mechanisms of let?7a in lung adenocarcinoma are yet to be fully elucidated. In the present study, the molecular roles of let?7a in lung adenocarcinoma were investigated by detecting its expression in lung adenocarcinoma tissues and exploring its roles in the regulation of lung cancer cell proliferation. Let?7a expression was identified to be downregulated in lung adenocarcinoma tissues compared with normal tissues. Overexpression of let?7a effectively suppressed cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion in H1299 and A549 cells. Let?7a also induced cell apoptosis and cell cycle arrest. Furthermore, let?7a significantly inhibited cell growth by directly regulating cyclin D1 signals. This novel regulatory mechanism of let?7a in lung adenocarcinoma provides possible avenues for future targeted therapies of lung cancer."	1
"Title: Enolase-phosphatase 1 as a novel potential malignant glioma indicator promotes cell proliferation and migration. Abstract: Enolase-phosphatase 1 (ENOPH1), is an enzyme that is involved in polyamine biosynthesis and is associated with stress responses. However, little is known about its role in the pathophysiology of glioma. In the present study, we examined the expression and function of ENOPH1 in human glioma tissues and cell lines. Western blot, qPCR and immunohistochemistry analysis were performed to investigate the expression of the ENOPH1 protein in glioma tissues in 86 patients. The 3-[4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl]-2,5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT), wound healing and cell cycle assays were implemented to identify cell growth and cell migration in U87 and U251 glioma cells. The results revealed that compared with normal brain tissues, the level of ENOPH1 was markedly increased in glioma tissues. In addition, we observed that the glioma pathological grade was positively associated with the expression level of ENOPH1. Knockdown of ENOPH1 expression with siRNA markedly reduced cell proliferation, and significantly decreased cell migration. Notably, knockdown of ENOPH1 promoted its downstream protein, aci-reductone dioxygenase 1 (ADI1), to shift from the nucleus to the cytoplasm of U251 glioma cells, while MT1-MMP expression was significantly downregulated compared with the control group. Collectively, our data demonstrated that the knockdown of ENOPH1 suppressed cell growth and migration, which may be associated with ADI1 translocation and MT1-MMP downregulation in glioma cells. Thus, ENOPH1 could serve as an underlying therapeutic target of glioma."	1
"Title: Zinc enhances chemosensitivity to paclitaxel in PC?3 prostate cancer cells. Abstract: Paclitaxel?based chemotherapy is a promising approach for prostate cancer treatment. However, single?drug chemotherapy is associated with an increased risk of drug resistance. Therefore, novel combination chemotherapy regimens are a popular topic of research. Zinc participates in the regulation of apoptosis, for example in the form of Zn2+ and via zinc?dependent enzymes. Zinc can either induce or suppress apoptosis, and its effect depends primarily on its concentration. Previous research has demonstrated that physiological concentrations of zinc can directly induce apoptosis of PC?3 prostate cancer cells via the mitochondrial pathway. In prostate cancer tissues, zinc concentrations have been demonstrated to be reduced compared with non-cancerous tissues. Furthermore, the concentration of zinc has been demonstrated to decrease further with cancer progression. In the present study, it was investigated whether exposure of PC?3 cells to zinc improved their sensitivity to the chemotherapeutic agent, paclitaxel. MTT assays, cell clone formation assays, Hoechst staining and flow cytometry revealed that zinc enhanced PC?3?cell chemosensitivity to paclitaxel. Western blotting and reverse transcription?polymerase chain reaction were used to determine that the mitochondria?mediated apoptosis signaling pathway is involved with zinc/paclitaxel?induced cell death. The present study provides a foundation for the development of novel tumor combination therapy."	1
"Title: SET7/9 promotes hepatocellular carcinoma progression through regulation of E2F1. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most prevalent malignancies worldwide. Histone?lysine N?methyltransferase SET7/9 is a protein lysine monomethylase that methylates histone H3K4 as well as various non?histone proteins. Deregulation of SET7/9 is frequently detected in human cancers. However, the role of SET7/9 in HCC development remains unclear. In the present study, upregulation of SET7/9 and E2F transcription factor 1 (E2F1) expression was detected in 68 samples of HCC tissues compared with these levels noted in the paired healthy liver samples. The expression levels of SET7/9 and E2F1 were significantly correlated with pathological stage and tumor size. Subcellular fractionation and co?immunoprecipitation analyses revealed protein?protein interaction between SET7/9 and E2F1 in the cytoplasm of HCC cells. Silencing of SET7/9, as well as treatment with 5'?deoxy?5'?methylthioadenosine (MTA), a protein methylation inhibitor, led to reduced E2F1 protein abundance in HCC cells. Using Cell Counting Kit?8 (CCK?8) assay, Transwell migration assay and wound healing assay, significantly decreased cell proliferation, migration and invasion were observed in cells exhibiting downregulation of SET7/9 and E2F1 expression, as well as in wild?type HCC cells treated with MTA. Furthermore, SET7/9 downregulation and MTA treatment resulted in reduced expression of downstream targets of E2F1, including cyclin A2, cyclin E1 and CDK2. In conclusion, the present study revealed an oncogenic function of SET7/9 in HCC and demonstrated that SET7/9 may be responsible for alterations in the proliferative ability, aggressiveness and invasive/metastatic potential of HCC cells through post?translational regulation of E2F1."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?874 is downregulated in cervical cancer and inhibits cancer progression by directly targeting ETS1. Abstract: An increasing number of studies have reported that microRNAs (miRNAs) are dysregulated in cervical cancer and serve critical roles in cervical oncogenesis and progression. Therefore, identifying the aberrantly expressed miRNAs implicated in the formation and progression of cervical cancer may provide key clues for the development of effective therapeutic targets in treating patients with this type of malignancy. In the present study, miRNA?874 (miR?874) was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines, and this downregulation was associated with International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics stage and lymph node metastasis. The restored expression of miR?874 prohibited the proliferation, migration and invasion, but promoted the apoptosis of cervical cancer cells. In addition, E26 transformation specific?1 (ETS1) was identified as the direct target of miR?874 in cervical cancer. Inhibition of ETS1 served tumour?suppressive roles similar to miR?874 overexpression in cervical cancer cells. A series of rescue experiments revealed that restoring ETS1 expression abolished the tumour?suppressing effects of miR?874 in cervical cancer cells. Taken together, the results of the present study indicated that miR?874 may serve as a tumour suppressor in cervical cancer by directly targeting ETS1. This function suggested that miR?874 holds potential therapeutic applications in treating patients with this type of malignancy."	1
"Title: miR-129-5p inhibits gemcitabine resistance and promotes cell apoptosis of bladder cancer cells by targeting Wnt5a. Abstract: Gemcitabine resistance is a major obstacle for effective treatment of bladder cancer. This study was aimed to investigate the potential role of miR-129-5p in the development of gemcitabine resistance in bladder cancer cells and its underlying mechanism. Methods: The IC50 for gemcitabine in 20 bladder cancer cells was first profiled from Genomics of Drug Sensitivity in Cancer. miR-129-5p level and gene mRNA expression were detected using quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). Cell viability, apoptosis, and gene protein level were assessed by MTT, flow cytometry, and Western blot, respectively. Regulatory relationship between Wnt5a and miR-129-5p was determined using luciferase reporter assay. Results: We found that down-regulated miR-129-5p level contributed to gemcitabine resistance in bladder cancer cells and tissues. We also observed restoration of miR-129-5p could significantly increase cell sensitivity to gemcitabine and promote cell apoptosis. Mechanism analysis revealed that Wnt5a is a direct target gene of miR-129-5p and knock-down of Wnt5a reversed gemcitabine resistance. Conclusions: Taken together, our findings indicate that miR-129-5p and Wnt5a may be novel therapeutic targets for overcoming gemcitabine resistance in bladder cancer treatment."	1
"Title: Increased MALAT1 expression contributes to cisplatin resistance in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Cisplatin-based chemotherapy is commonly used for the clinical treatment of patients with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the anti-tumor efficacy of cisplatin is limited by poor clinical response and the development of chemoresistance. At present, the underlying mechanism for cisplatin resistance remains unclear. In the present study, it was identified that metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1), a long non-coding RNA that has been demonstrated to function as an oncogene, was increased in tumor tissues from patients with cisplatin-resistant NSCLC. In addition, the MALAT1 level was increased in A549rCDDP cells compared with the parental A549 cells. Silencing of MALAT1 sensitized A549rCDDP cells to cisplatin treatment, while overexpression of MALAT1 in A549 cells decreased their sensitivity towards cisplatin. Through analysis of the gene expression in patient samples, a decrease in miR-145 and an increase in Kruppel-like factor 4 (KLF4) in tumor tissues compared with adjacent normal tissues was observed. A negative association between MALAT1 and miR-145 was also identified in A549 cells and A549rCDDP cells. Furthermore, reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blotting identified that KLF4 was positively and negatively regulated by MALAT1 and miR-145, respectively. The direct regulatory association between MALAT1 and miR-145 and the target gene KLF4 was additionally confirmed using a luciferase reporter assay. Knockdown of MALAT1 reversed cisplatin resistance in A549rCDDP cells. Taken together, these data indicated that MALAT1 decreased the sensitivity of NSCLC to cisplatin via the regulation of miR-145 and KLF4."	1
"Title: LncRNA UCA1 sponges miR-26a to regulate the migration and proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells. Abstract: Recent studies have shown that the long non-coding RNA urothelial carcinoma-associated (UCA1) plays a key role in cardiovascular injury. However, the potential biological role of UCA1 in progression of atherosclerosis (AS) remains unclear. The aim of the present study is to identify the regulation of lncRNA UCA1 on atherosclerosis-related vascular dysfunction via miR-26a targeting phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN), and investigate the underlying mechanisms in the development of atherosclerosis. Methods: The proliferation and migration were detected using CCK-8 assay, Wound healing assay and Transwell assay. The expression of miR-26a and its target gene in vascular smooth muscle cells was detected by qRT-PCR, the complementary binging of miRNA and lncRNA was verified by luciferase assays. PTEN was predicted to be the target of miR-26a and the prediction was verified by luciferase assays. Results: Expression of miR-26a was up-regulated in ox-LDL (50 mg/l) induced vascular smooth muscle cell (VSMCs), and overexpression of miR-26a inhibited PTEN expression and promoted PCNA ?-SMA and SM22-? expression (qRT-PCR and WB). Conclusion: The expression of UCA1 antagonized the effect of miR-26a on the downregulation of its target PETN and contraction phenotype. This study reveals that lncRNA UCA1 act as an endogenous sponge of miR-26a and downregulates miR-26a expression levels, and thereby relieving the inhibition of its target gene PTEN and alleviates VSMCs proliferation against atherosclerosis."	1
"Title: Down-regulation of NAMPT expression by mir-206 reduces cell survival of breast cancer cells. Abstract: Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) is a critical coenzyme for all living cells. Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase (NAMPT) functions as a key enzyme in the salvage pathway of NAD biosynthesis. Cancer cells have higher rate of NAD consumption and therefore NAMPT is essential for their survival. Thus, we investigated the effect of NAMPT inhibition by miR-206 on breast cancer cell survival. Breast cancer cells were transfected with miR-206 mimic, inhibitor and their negative controls. NAMPT levels were assessed by real-time PCR as well as western blotting. Cell survival assay and quantification of NAD level were performed by using colorimetric methods. Apoptosis assay was performed by labeling cells with Annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide followed by the flow cytometric analysis. Bioinformatics analysis was done to assess whether NAMPT 3'-UTR is a direct target of miR-206 and the results were confirmed by the luciferase reporter assay. NAMPT 3'-UTR was shown to be a direct target of miR-206. miR-206 reduced NAMPT expression at the protein level, leading to a significant decrease in the intracellular NAD level and subsequent decline in cell survival and induction of apoptosis. Targeting of NAMPT-mediated NAD salvage pathway by miR-206 might provide a new insight in the possible molecular mechanism of breast cancer cell growth regulation. This pathway might provide a new approach for breast cancer therapy."	1
"Title: Expression and clinical significance of COMPASS family of histone methyltransferases in clear cell renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: The regulation of histone 3 lysine 4 (H3K4) methylation code is indispensable for the cell as any disturbance in this has been associated with many pathologic conditions, like cancer. The SET domain-containing lysine methyltransferase 2 (KMT2) family of histone methyltransferases was the first to be identified as writers of H3K4 methylation. In mammals, seven members of the KMT2 family are responsible for carrying out the bulk of H3K4 methylation. Recent studies documented alterations in various histone methylases in human cancer, which were associated with therapeutic and prognostic potential. Notwithstanding, no report has documented the role of KMT2 family of histone methyltransferases in clear cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC). Therefore, we examined the expression profile of all the seven KMT2 family members of histone methyltransferases in ccRCC with the aim to establish their role as prognostic or therapeutic targets. Real-time PCR was employed to study the expression of KMT2 family genes using specific primers in 50 cases of ccRCC. The mRNA levels were correlated with stage, grade, and metastasis of the tumor. Among seven genes, KMT2G was significantly up-regulated in higher stages of the tumor as compared to low stage tumors (p = 0.017). Similarly, KMT2G levels were higher in the metastatic tumor (p = 0.027). Additionally, some of the KMT2G target genes were found to be up-regulated in metastatic tumors as compared to non-metastatic. ROC curve indicated KMT2G as a good marker for discriminating metastatic tumors from non-metastatic tumors (AUC = 0.738). Thus, we conclude that KMT2G histone methyltransferase could be a good prognostic marker for ccRCC. Additionally, KMT2G can also serve as a therapeutic target for ccRCC."	1
"Title: Long noncoding RNA UCA1 promotes the proliferation, invasion, and migration of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells via modulation of miR-145. Abstract: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a common malignant tumor characterized by highly malignant local invasion and distant metastasis. Recently, increasing attention has been paid to long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), which play significant roles in tumorigenesis and progression. However, little is known about the potential role of the lncRNA urothelial carcinoma-associated 1 (UCA1) in NPC cell invasion and migration. Methods: Real-time quantitative PCR was used to analyze the expression of lncRNA UCA1 in NPC cell lines and NP69. lncRNA UCA1 knock-down nasopharyngeal carcinoma cell line models were established through siRNA. Cell viability was evaluated by Cell counting kit-8 and Colony forming assay. The migration and invasion capacities were evaluated by wound healing and transwell migration and invasion assays. Western blot analysis were used to examine protein changes followed by UCA1 knock-down. Results: Our study confirmed that UCA1 was upregulated in NPC cell lines and involved in NPC tumorigenesis according to our established UCA1-associated competing endogenous RNA network. Moreover, functional analyses indicated that the downregulation of UCA1 exerted inhibitory effects on cell proliferation, invasion, and migration. Mechanistic analyses revealed that UCA1 was the target of miR-145 and functioned as a sponge to repress miR-145 expression. Rescue experiments suggested that lncRNA UCA1 reversed the miR-145-mediated inhibition on oncogene ADAM17 expression, thus promoting the proliferation, invasion, and migration of NPC cells. Conclusion: LncRNA UCA1 functions as a tumor promoter in NPC. UCA1 promotes the proliferation and invasion of NPC cells by sponging miR-145, functionally altering ADAM17 expression targeted by miR-145. Our exploration of the underlying mechanism of UCA1 in NPC may provide novel therapeutic targets for NPC."	1
Title: Molecular dynamics of pancreatic transcription factors in bioengineered humanized insulin producing neoorgan. Abstract: The present study has been aimed to identify molecular dynamics of pancreatic transcription factors (pTFs) during events of directed trans-differentiation of human hepatic progenitor cells (hHPCs) into insulin producing cells (InPCs) within bioengineered humanized neoorgan. The study demonstrates applicability of acellularized whole splenic scaffold (ASOS) to generate insulin producing humanized transplantable neoorgan through activation of pancreatic transcription factors. Methods: An efficient acellularization process was developed for xenogeneic rat spleen using change in different gradients of reagents perfusion through splenic artery for varying time points. The acellularized xenogeneic spleen scaffold was characterized thoroughly for preservation of extra-cellular matrix and retention of organ specific vasculature and mechanical properties. Further scaffolds were sterilized and repopulated with hHPCs which were triggered using a stage wise induction with growth factors and hyperglycemic challenge for trans-differentiation into InPCs. Dynamics of pTFs alone or simultaneously during induction process was identified using gene expression analysis and immunological staining. Results: The cells within the engineered neoorgan respond to growth factors and extrinsic hyperglycemic challenge and generate large number of InPCs under controlled dynamic regulation of pTFs. Highly controlled regulation of pTFs generates higher percentage of Nkx-6.1+/C-peptide+ cells within the engineered splenic scaffolds. Generation of high percentage of insulin and C-peptide positive cells in three-dimensional organ architecture responded better to hyperglycemic stimuli and produced higher quantity of insulin than 2D-culture system. Conclusion: The present study provides a novel platform for designing effective regenerative strategies using whole organ scaffolds to control hyperglycemia under tight regulation of pTFs using humanized neoorgan system.	1
"Title: Hsa-miR-497 as a new regulator in TGF? signaling pathway and cardiac differentiation process. Abstract: Cardiosphere-derived cells (CDCs) contain cardiac stem cell subpopulations and are introduced as useful source for cardiac differentiation and therapy. Furthermore, research has highlighted miRNAs important role in various biological processes and cardiogenesis. Here, we intended to investigate the effect of hsa-miR-497 (miR-497) on TGF? signaling pathway genes expression during the process of CDCs differentiation to cardiomyocytes. CDCs were successfully differentiated to the cardiac-like cells. In this study, we found that after cardiac differentiation induction, miR-497 expression was significantly decreased. Computational miRNA target prediction analyses revealed that TGF? signaling pathway is a possible target of miR-497. Therefore, miR-497 was overexpressed in CDCs before the induction of differentiation. TGF?1, TGF?R1, TGF?R2, and SMAD3 genes expression level was decreased after miR-497 overexpression. Also, immunocytochemistry and cell morphology analysis indicated that miR-497 overexpression affecting cardiac differentiation process. Finally, direct interaction of miR-497 with 3'-UTR sequence of TGF?R1 was supported through dual luciferase assay, consistent with miR-497 reported negative effect on SMAD3 expression. Accordingly, here a model of miR-497 involvement in regulation of TGF? signaling pathway is introduced in which, side branches of TGF? signaling pathway downregulate miR-497 to ensure upregulation of TGF?R1 and TGF?R2 and finally stronger TGF? signaling."	1
"Title: lncRNA LINC01296 regulates the proliferation, metastasis and cell cycle of osteosarcoma through cyclin D1. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has indicated that aberrant expression of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) is an important oncogenic factor. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of LINC01296, an lncRNA that exerts a tumor?promoting function in many cancers, in the regulation of proliferation, metastasis and the cell cycle of osteosarcoma. The expression of LINC01296 in osteosarcoma tissues and adjacent healthy tissues of 30 patients was analyzed by quantitative real?time PCR (qRT?PCR). The relationship between LINC01296 expression and the survival of patients with osteosarcoma was also explored. The expression levels of LINC01296 in osteosarcoma cells and normal cells were compared. LINC01296 knockdown and overexpression were performed in MG63 and HOS8603 osteosarcoma cells by transfecting LINC01296 shRNA and an expression plasmid respectively, followed by investigation of the changes on cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and cell cycle arrest. Western blotting was used to analyze the changes of cell cycle regulators. Cyclin D1 knockdown and overexpression were carried out to verify the interaction between LINC01296 and cyclin D1. LINC01296 overexpression was demonstrated as a biomarker of osteosarcoma, which was closely correlated with the poor survival of patients with osteosarcoma. A high expression of LINC01296 was observed in osteosarcoma cells, which was closely associated with enhanced proliferation, invasion, and migration of osteosarcoma cells. Cyclin D1 expression was positively correlated with the expression of LINC01296 in osteosarcoma cells. Cyclin D1 knockdown or overexpression played a deterministic role in mediating the effect of LINC01296 on osteosarcoma cells. LINC01296 is an oncogenic lncRNA in osteosarcoma. The proliferation, invasion and migration of osteosarcoma cells could be effectively retarded by inhibition of LINC01296. The cancer?promoting effect of LINC01296 on osteosarcoma was determined by cyclin D1."	1
"Title: An integrated methylation and gene expression microarray analysis reveals significant prognostic biomarkers in oral squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) is a life?threatening disease with a poor prognosis. Although previous studies have reported that the methylation of certain genes is associated with the pathogenesis of OSCC, the methylation of genes that have relevance to OSCC progression is not clearly documented. The present study aimed to gain insights into the mechanisms underlying DNA methylation regulation associated with OSCC progression and to identify potential prognostic markers for OSCC treatment. DNA methylation dataset GSE41114 and gene expression dataset GSE74530 were downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus database. The global methylation status of OSCC tumor samples and normal control samples was determined, and differentially methylated genes (DMGs) in OSCC samples compared with control samples were identified. The mRNA expression data were then integrated to identify differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in OSCC samples compared with control samples. Overlapping genes between DEGs and DMGs were identified, and functional enrichment analysis was performed. In addition, survival analysis of the overlapping genes was performed to screen genes with prognostic significance in OSCC. A total of 40,115 differential methylation CpG sites spanning 3,360 DMGs were identified; CpG sites in the promoter, gene body and intergenic regions were generally highly hypermethylated or hypomethylated. Additionally, 508 DEGs in OSCC samples were identified, including 332 upregulated and 176 downregulated genes. A total of 82 overlapping genes between DEGs and DMGs were found, which were mainly involved in protein metabolism, regulation of the metabolic process and the immune system. Additionally, differential methylation or expression of several genes, including fibroblast activation protein ? (FAP), interferon ? inducible protein 27 (IFI27), laminin subunit ?2 (LAMC2), matrix metallopeptidase 1 (MMP1), serine peptidase inhibitor Kazal?type 5 (SPINK5) and zinc finger protein 662 (ZNF662), was significantly associated with the survival of OSCC patients, and their differential expression in OSCC patients was further confirmed by reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction in OSCC and normal oral cell lines. Overall, FAP, IFI27, LAMC2, MMP1, SPINK5 and ZNF662 genes caused by epigenetic changes via DNA methylation may be associated with the development and progression of OSCC, and should be valuable OSCC therapeutic biomarkers."	1
"Title: Upregulation of macrophage migration inhibitory factor promotes tumor metastasis and correlates with poor prognosis of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Macrophage migration inhibitory factor (MIF) is a pro?inflammatory cytokine that serves important roles in cancer. MIF overexpression is frequently observed in numerous human cancer types, including pancreatic carcinoma. However, the prognostic value and function of MIF in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) have not been fully elucidated. In the present study, upregulation of MIF expression in PDAC tissue compared with adjacent normal tissue was observed. Furthermore, MIF overexpression was identified to be signi?cantly associated with poor survival rates in patients with PDAC. Multivariate Cox regression analysis confirmed that MIF was an independent risk factor for poor survival. Functional analyses demonstrated that MIF knockdown significantly inhibited the proliferation and invasion of pancreatic cancer cells in vitro compared with control cells. IN addition, mechanistic investigations revealed that silencing MIF leads to inhibition of AKT serine/threonine kinase and extracellular?signal?regulated kinase activation, and suppression of cyclin D1 and matrix metalloproteinase?2 expression, which may suppress tumor proliferation and invasion. These results highlight the importance of MIF overexpression in PDAC aggressiveness, and indicate that MIF may be a potential therapeutic target for pancreatic cancer."	1
"Title: MiR-1284 enhances sensitivity of cervical cancer cells to cisplatin via downregulating HMGB1. Abstract: Chemotherapy is one of the commonest therapeutic method for cervical cancer. There are some common chemotherapy drugs, such as cisplatin, docetaxel, paclitaxel and selenium nanoparticle. microRNAs (miRNAs) have been verified to be regulators in various human cancers. This study aims to investigate the effects of miR-1284 on the cisplatin sensitivity of cervical cancer cells. Methods: The levels of miR-1284 in different tissues and cell lines were detected through using qRT-PCR analysis. Kaplan Meier analysis was utilized to analyze the influence of miR-1284 expression on the overall survival rate of cervical cancer patients. The biological effects of miR-1284 on the progression and chemosensitivity of cervical cancer were tested through conducting functional assays. Mechanism investigations were used to prove the binding relation between miR-1284 and HMGB1. Rescue assays were applied to demonstrate the effects of miR-1284-HMGB1 axis on chemosensitivity of cervical cancer cells. Results: miR-1284 was down-expressed in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Patients with low level of miR-1284 had low overall survival rate. Upregulation of miR-1284 suppressed proliferation and invasion, while promoted apoptosis. Moreover, upregulated miR-1284 enhanced sensitivity of cervical cancer cells to cisplatin. HMGB1 was a target gene of miR-1284. HMGB1 reversed the effects of miR-1284 on the progression and chemosensitivity of cervical cancer cells. Conclusion: miR-1284 enhances sensitivity of cervical cancer cells to cisplatin via targeting HMGB1."	1
"Title: miR-145-5p inhibits the proliferation and migration of bladder cancer cells by targeting TAGLN2. Abstract: MicroRNA-145-5p (miR-145-5p) is found to be involved in tumor development and progression. However, there are few studies on the effects of miR-145-5p on bladder cancer (BC). The role of miR-145-5p in BC was predicted by analysis of cell proliferation and migration in this study. The miR-145-5p and transgelin-2 (TAGLN2) expressions were evaluated via reverse transcription-quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR) or western blot analysis. The MTT and Transwell assay assessed cell proliferation and migration. TAGLN2 targeted to miR-145-5p was determined using luciferase assays. The results showed that the miR-145-5p downregulation was found in BC. miR-145-5p overexpression inhibited cell proliferation and migration in BC. Moreover, miR-145-5p directly targeted TAGLN2, and TAGLN2 expression was increased in BC. In addition, the high expression of TAGLN2 promoted cell proliferation and migration in BC. miR-145-5p appeared to regulate TAGLN2 in BC, and it also inhibited the cell proliferation and migration. The novel miR-145-5p/TAGLN2 axis may provide new therapeutic implications for BC."	1
"Title: Cytoplasmic expression of SOX9 as a poor prognostic factor for oral squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Transcription factor SRY?box 9 (SOX9) is a key regulator of chondrocyte differentiation and sex determination, and it is also involved in the progression of various types of human cancer. However, its putative association with oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) remains elusive. The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression profiles of SOX9 in various oral epithelial lesions, including OSCC. We performed immunohistochemical analysis of SOX9 expression in surgical specimens of OSCC, which simultaneously exhibited different grades of epithelial lesions, and analyzed the correlation between SOX9 expression and several clinicopathological factors. Moreover, we performed immunofluorescent staining, western blot analysis and real?time reverse transcription?polymerase chain reaction to assess SOX9 expression in OSCC HSC?3 (a metastatic cell line) and HSC?4 (a non?metastatic cell line) cell lines. In surgical specimens, SOX9 expression was detected in the nuclei of proliferating cells in areas with epithelial dysplasia and carcinoma in situ, but not in areas with normal epithelia. Nuclear SOX9 expression was observed in most SCC cells. Notably, cytoplasmic SOX9 expression was confirmed only in some SCC cells; however, cytoplasmic SOX9 expression was significantly and positively correlated with poor clinical outcomes. Both protein and mRNA expression of SOX9 were significantly higher in the HSC?3 cell line than that in the HSC?4 line. Notably, however, only HSC?3 cells exhibited cytoplasmic localization of SOX9 expression. Our findings indicate that SOX9 may be involved in the tumorigenesis and progression of OSCC. Furthermore, its cytoplasmic expression represents a potential predictive biomarker for tumor aggressiveness and OSCC prognosis."	1
"Title: miR-210 promotes progression of endometrial carcinoma by regulating the expression of NFIX. Abstract: microRNA-210 (miR-210) plays an important role in human disease, but its function in endometrial cancer (EC) is still unclear. Similarly, the nuclear factor I/X (NFIX) plays an important role in various biological functions of cells, but its function in EC is not yet known. In this study, we detected the expression of miR-210 from 66 EC patient tissues and 29 normal endometrium (NU) tissues by quantitative real-time PCR (RT-qPCR), as well as the expression of NIFX protein by western blot. We found that the expression of miR-210 in EC tissues was up-regulated and NIFX protein was down-regulated which was negatively correlated with NU tissues. The luciferase gene reporter system confirmed that miR-210 targeted inhibition of NIFX expression in HEC-1A cells. Up-regulation of miR-210 expression by transfection of miR-210-inhibitor could promote the proliferation, migration, and invasion of HEC-1A/HEC-1B cells. Taken together, we demonstrated that miR-210 could promote proliferation, migration and invasion by the negative regulation of NFIX expressionin vitro, and that miR-210 promoted the progression of endometrial carcinoma by negative regulation NFIX expression."	1
"Title: Scutellarin enhances osteoblast proliferation and function via NF-?B-mediated CXCR4 induction. Abstract: In the current study, we aimed to examine the function of scutellarin on human osteoblast proliferation and osteogenic function. The results indicated that scutellarin enhanced osteoblast proliferation over a seven day period. This increase in cell proliferation was associated with corresponding increases in osteoblast activity, as measured by alkaline phosphatase (ALP) secretion, intracellular calcium ion influx, and calcium deposition. These anabolic effects were associated with C-X-C chemokine receptor type 4 (CXCR4) mRNA levels and protein induction. Knockdown of CXCR4 reversed the scutellarin-induced increases in cell proliferation, ALP activity, and calcium deposition. Furthermore, scutellarin increased p65 phosphorylation in a dose-dependent manner, which resulted in the increased binding of phosphorylated p65 to the CXCR4 gene promoter region, to increase CXCR4 protein expression. p65 phosphorylation inhibition resulted in a decrease in CXCR4 protein expression. A p65 inhibitor blocked scutellarin-induced increases in osteoblast proliferation and function. Moreover, in a rat model of estrogen-deficient osteoporosis, scutellarin restored ovariectomy-induced bone loss in mice. Taken together, both cellular and animal models support the novel findings that scutellarin increased osteoblast proliferation and function through NF-?B/p65-mediated CXCR4 induction."	1
"Title: Long noncoding RNA SNHG12 facilitates the tumorigenesis of glioma through miR-101-3p/FOXP1 axis. Abstract: The increasing vital roles of long coding RNA (lncRNAs) in the glioma tumorigenesis have renewedly and roundly recognized. Nevertheless, the in-depth that lncRNAs modulate the gliomagenesis is still elusive. In this research, we focus on the functional study of lncRNA SNHG12 in the glioma pathogenesis. SNHG12 expression was enhanced and high-expressed in the glioma clinical tissue samples and cell lines, especially in the advanced clinical grade. In functional study, knockdown of SNHG12 impaired the proliferation, induced the apoptosis in vitro and, meanwhile, inhibited the tumor growth in vivo. In mechanistic study, it was found that SNHG12 harbored the complementary binding sites with miR-101-3p at 3'-UTR, acting as a miRNA 'sponge'. Furthermore, miR-101-3p also targeted the 3'-UTR of FOXP1 mRNA. The three elements construct the SNHG12/miR-101-3p/FOXP1 axis. Overall, we confirmed a functional regulatory pathway that SNHG12 and miR-101-3p regulated the expression of FOXP1 in glioma cells, forming the SNHG12/miR-101-3p/FOXP1 pathway. This finding might act as a valuable target for glioma."	1
"Title: Really interesting new gene finger protein 121 is a tumor suppressor of renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: Really interesting new gene finger protein (RING) finger protein 121 (RNF-121) is an E3 ubiquitin ligase involved in the regulation of several signaling pathways. Among those signaling pathways, nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) signaling pathway is known to play a critical role in tumorigenesis. However, the relevance between RNF121 and cancer development remains poorly understood. In this study, we found that RNF121 was less expressed in tumor tissues than adjacent normal tissues of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) patients. Overexpression of RNF121 inhibited the growth of human RCC cells (768-O cell line) in vivo. Moreover, RNF121 impeded the proliferation, migration and invasion of human RCC cells in vitro. In addition, we found that RNF121 activated NF-?B signaling pathway via promoting I?B? degradation in human RCC cells. Our findings reveal a previously unrecognized role of RNF121 in RCC development, and provide new insights into RCC prognosis and therapy."	1
"Title: Hypermethylated LATS2 gene with decreased expression in female breast cancer: A case control study from North India. Abstract: LATS2, a presumed tumor suppressor gene located on chromosome 13q11-12 is involved in cell growth related activity like regulation of cell cycle at G1/S. The reduced expression of LATS2 has been reported in many tumors; including tumors of Breast, which is to the best of our knowledge has not been studied in north Indian female breast cancer population. Objective: Here, we looked upon the expression pattern and methylation status of the LATS2 gene in north Indian female breast cancer cases to further strengthen its role as a tumor suppressor gene and more importantly as a cancer biomarker. Methods: mRNA expression level was determined by real time PCR in 140 Breast cancer patients, Protein expression was studied by Immunohistochemistry and Promoter methylation was studied by Methylation specific PCR. All findings were correlated with clinicopathological features. Results: LATS2 mRNA expression was remarkably downregulated in 67.85% (95/140) cases. The expression of Large Associated Tumor Suppressor 2 at protein level was also absent in 67.85% (95/140) cases. The absence of LATS2 protein strongly correlated with promoter hypermethylation where 91 out of a total of 107 hyper methylated cases showed absence of protein (91/107, 85%). The absence of LATS2 protein was strongly significant with HER2 neu status (0.01), TNM staging (0.009) and Molecular subtype (0.024). Conclusion: The decreased expression in breast cancer seems to be associated with hypermethylation of LATS2 promoter regions. Further LATS2 as a tumor suppressor can be recognized as a promising Biomarker in Breast cancer pathogenesis. Though, further studies, targeting larger sets of breast cancer population are required to establish LATS2 as a promising biomarker."	1
"Title: RPS15a Silencing Suppresses Cell Proliferation and Migration of Gastric Cancer. Abstract: Information on the possible role of the ribosomal protein S15a (RPS15a) in gastric cancer is scarce. The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of RPS15a gene expression on the growth and cell cycle of gastric cancer cells in vitro and in vivo . Materials and methods: RPS15a mRNA expression was examined in cancer tissues and their corresponding adjacent normal tissues of 40 gastric adenocarcinoma patients. Next, RPS15a was knocked down using a lentivirus-mediated RNA interference (short hairpin RNA) system in the gastric cancer cell line BGC823. The effect of RPS15a knockdown was examined using CCK-8 assay, cell scratch test, colony formation assay, and flow cytometry. Finally, in nude mice, a tumorigenicity test was performed, and the tumor volume and weight were measured. Results: RPS15a expression in tumor tissue was significantly greater than that in the adjacent normal tissue of gastric cancer patients. After RPS15a silencing, the BGC823 cell proliferation rate decreased significantly; most cells were arrested in the G0/G1 phase, cell growth was inhibited, and the migration rate was decreased. Colony formation assay showed that the number and size of clones in the RPS15a-silenced cells were fewer and smaller, compared to control cells. The nude mouse tumorigenicity test showed that RPS15a silencing had an inhibitory effect on tumor volume and mice weight. Conclusion: The present study found RPS15a expression to be higher in gastric tumors and its silencing in gastric cancer cells to inhibit the proliferation, growth, and migration thereof. Accordingly, RPS15a may be considered as a potential therapeutic target in gastric cancer."	1
"Title: miR?144?3p regulates the resistance of lung cancer to cisplatin by targeting Nrf2. Abstract: Chemotherapeutic drug resistance is correlated with treatment failure and poor prognosis among lung cancer patients. Numerous studies indicate the relevance of miRNAs in inducing certain drug resistance. In the course of the study, we unexpectedly found that miR?144?3p could regulate the cisplatin resistance of lung cancer cells via Nrf2. However, Nrf2 also could reverse activate the expression of miR?144?3p by binding to the ARE box in the miR?144?3p promoter. This may be a self?protection mechanism of the body. In addition, we also found that in other cancer cell lines, such as HepG2, miR?144?3p also had the function of regulating cisplatin resistance. These findings may provide some theoretical reference for the clinical inhibition of cisplatin resistance."	1
"Title: miRNA-641 inhibits the proliferation, migration, and invasion and induces apoptosis of cervical cancer cells by directly targeting ZEB1 . Abstract: miRNAs have been found to be dysregulated in cervical cancer. The dysregulation of miRNA has been implicated in cervical carcinogenesis and progression. Therefore, further studies of the specific roles of deregulated miRNAs in cervical cancer and underlying molecular mechanisms may facilitate the identification of novel therapeutic techniques for patients with this disease. miRNA-641 (miR-641) was previously reported to serve an important role in lung cancer. However, the expression pattern and roles of miR-641 in cervical cancer remain unclear. Method: In this study, the expression level of miR-641 in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines was detected using RT-qPCR. The influence of miR-641 upregulation in cervical cancer cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion was evaluated using CCK-8 assay, flow cytometry assay, migration and invasion assays, respectively. In vivo tumor growth assay was utilized to determine the effect of miR-641 overexpression in the tumor growth of cervical cancer cells in vivo. The molecular mechanisms underlying the action of miR-641 in cervical cancer cells were also explored. Results: We found that miR-641 expression was obviously decreased in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines, which strongly correlated with the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage and lymph node metastasis. Upregulation of miR-641 inhibited cell proliferation, induced apoptosis, and reduced metastasis in cervical cancer. Additionally, bioinformatics analysis predicted ZEB1 as a novel target gene of miR-641. Notably, luciferase reporter assay, RT-qPCR, and Western blot analysis revealed that miR-641 decreased ZEB1 expression in cervical cancer cells by directly targeting its 3'-untranslated region. Furthermore, ZEB1 was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues, which was negatively correlated with miR-641 expression. Moreover, recovered ZEB1 expression attenuated the tumor suppressive action of miR-641 overexpression in the malignant phenotypes of cervical cancer cells. Besides, miR-641 could hinder cervical cancer tumor growth in vivo by inhibiting ZEB1 . Conclusion: These results indicate that miR-641 has tumor suppressive roles in the development of cervical cancer by directly targeting ZEB1 , suggesting that miR-641 is a novel, effective therapeutic target for treating patients with this disease."	1
"Title: Circular RNA EIF6 (Hsa_circ_0060060) sponges miR-144-3p to promote the cisplatin-resistance of human thyroid carcinoma cells by autophagy regulation. Abstract: Anaplastic thyroid carcinoma (ATC) responds for the majority of death of thyroid carcinoma and often causes chemotherapy resistance. We investigated the influence of circEIF6 (Hsa_circ_0060060) on the cisplatin-sensitivity in papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) and ATC cells, and explored its regulation to downstream molecules miR-144-3p and Transforming Growth Factor ? (TGF-?). Differentially expressed circRNAs in PTC were analyzed using the GSE93522 data downloaded. Expressions of circEIF6, miR-144-3p, TGF-?, autophagy-related proteins and apoptosis-related proteins were determined using qRT-PCR or western blot. RNA pull-down assay and dual luciferase report assay were applied to reveal the target relationships. Autophagy marker LC3 and cell proliferation marker ki67 were evaluated by immunofluorescence and immunohistochemistry. Cell viability was evaluated with MTT assay and cell apoptosis was assessed by flow cytometric analysis. CircEIF6, could promote autophagy induced by cisplatin, thus inhibiting cell apoptosis and enhancing the resistance of PTC and ATC cells to cisplatin. Has-miR-144-3p was the target of circEIF6 and was regulated by circEIF6. Besides, circEIF6 promoted autophagy by regulating miR-144-3p/TGF-? axis, enhancing the cisplatin-resistance in PTC and ATC cells. CircEIF6 promoted tumor growth by regulating miR-144-3p/TGF-? and circEIF6 knock-down enhanced cisplatin sensitivityin vivo. CircEIF6 could provide a target for therapy of cisplatin-resistance in thyroid carcinoma."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA THOR promotes cell proliferation and metastasis in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been demonstrated to be involved in the development and progression of multiple cancers by previous studies. Recently, a novel lncRNA, THOR (testis-associated highly conserved oncogenic long non-coding RNA), was characterized in human cancers and shown to exhibit an oncogenic role. However, the role of THOR in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is still unclear. In this study, we found that THOR was relatively highly expressed in human HCC tissues and cell lines. Notably, high THOR expression was associated with worse prognosis. THOR depletion resulted in significant inhibition of the growth and metastasis of HCC cells. Mechanistically, THOR drives HCC cell progression via the PTEN/AKT pathway. Moreover, the specific PI3-K inhibitor LY294002 abolished the discrepancy in the growth and metastatic capacity between THOR-silenced HCC cells and control cells, which further confirmed that AKT was required in THOR-driven HCC cell growth and metastasis. Taken together, our results suggest that THOR could promote HCC cell growth and metastasis by amplifying PTEN/AKT signaling and may be a new therapeutic target and predictive factor for HCC."	1
"Title: Activation of p53 by costunolide blocks glutaminolysis and inhibits proliferation in human colorectal cancer cells. Abstract: Colorectal cancer is a leading cause of cancer-related death. Glutaminolysis has been suggested as a therapeutic target for cancer. Costunolide is a natural sesquiterpene lactone showing potent antitumor activity. Our studies were aimed at evaluating how costunolide affected glutaminolysis leading to proliferation inhibition in human colorectal cancer cells. Costunolide suppressed viability and proliferation of HCT116 cells concentration-dependently, but did not apparently affect human intestinal epithelial cells. Costunolide at 20 ?M reduced viability and proliferation of HCT116 cells time-dependently. Costunolide also repressed phosphorylation of mTOR and its downstream kinases p70S6K and 4E-BP1. Examinations of glutaminolysis metabolites showed that costunolide increased intracellular glutamine levels, but decreased intracellular levels of glutamate, ?-ketoglutarate (?-KG), and ATP in HCT116 cells, suggesting costunolide blockade of glutaminolysis. Furthermore, costunolide inhibited promoter activity of glutaminase 1 (GLS1), the first rate-limiting enzyme in glutaminolysis, and reduced mRNA and protein expression of GLS1 in HCT116 cells, The GLS1 inhibitor BPTES, similar to costunolide, significantly reduced intracellular levels of ?-KG and ATP and inhibited proliferation in HCT116 cells. Finally, costunolide increased phosphorylation and nuclear translocation of p53 in HCT116 cells. Both p53 inhibitor pifithrin-? and p53 siRNA significantly rescued costunolide suppression of GLS1 promoter activity and expression in HCT116 cells. These data in aggregate suggested that activation of p53 was required for costunolide inhibition of GLS1 resulting in blockade of glutaminolysis and inhibition of proliferation in colorectal cancer cells, which was a novel mechanism underlying the antitumor activity of costunolide against colorectal cancer."	1
"Title: LncRNA LOC728196/miR-513c axis facilitates glioma carcinogenesis by targeting TCF7. Abstract: Numerous long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are reported to be dysregulated in glioma. However, how lncRNA participates in the process of glioma development and progression still remains elusive. Here, we identified a novel lncRNA LOC728196 highly expressed in glioma tissues. LOC728196 high expression predicts low survival rate in patients. Our data proved that LOC728196 knockdown repressed cellular growth, migration and invasion in vitro. Silencing LOC728196 led to impaired growth of glioma in vivo. Mechanistic studies further demonstrated that LOC728196 acts as the sponge for miR-513c to upregulate TCF7 expression. We observed a reciprocal inhibition between LOC728196 and miR-513c. Rescue assay showed that either inhibition of miR-513c or TCF7 overexpression restored the abilities of proliferation, migration and invasion in LOC728196-silenced glioma cells. Taken together, our study provides a comprehensive investigation on the role of LOC728196 in glioma progression and contributes to understanding the vital role of competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA)."	1
"Title: Hyperoside and let-7a-5p synergistically inhibits lung cancer cell proliferation via inducing G1/S phase arrest. Abstract: Lung cancer remains one of the most aggressive human malignancies with a low survival rate. Hyperoside (quercetin-3-O-?-d-galactopyranoside) is a flavonol glycoside with an anti-cancer activity. The microRNA-let-7 was widely regarded as a tumor suppressor in human tumors. Here, we investigated the role of hyperoside and let-7a-5p on the lung cancer cell proliferation, cell cycle and apoptosis in A549 cells in vitro. Our results showed that hyperoside could inhibit the proliferation of A549 cells through inducing apoptosis and G1/S phase arrest. Let-7a-5p could inhibit the proliferation of A549 cells via inhibiting the process of G1/S phase. Additionally, hyperoside and let-7a-5p had a synergetic effect on suppressing the proliferation of A549 cells; microRNA-let-7a-5p directly regulated the expression of CCND1 in A549 cells. Our study illustrated that hyperoside and microRNA-let7a-5p might provide a synergistic effect on anti-cancer, which may provide a new idea for lung cancer treatment."	1
"Title: The miR-143/145 cluster reverses the regulation effect of KLF5 in smooth muscle cells with proliferation and contractility in intracranial aneurysm. Abstract: Alterations in vascular smooth muscle cells (VSMCs) contribute to the pathogenesis of intracranial aneurysms (IAs), but the molecular mechanisms of these alterations are unclear. The aim of this study was therefore to identify the molecular mechanism of VSMC-mediated IAs at clinical and cellular levels. We used bioinformatic and biochemical analyses to show that the microRNA (miR)-143/145 cluster was involved in various biological processes related to aneurysm formation. Clinical studies showed that the miR-143/145 cluster was downregulated in IA patients when compared with healthy subjects. However, KLF5 expression was upregulated in IA patients. In vitro experiments showed that overexpression of the miR-143/145 cluster inhibited proliferation and migration of VSMCs, but increased contractile protein expression and decreased matrix metalloproteinase-2 and -3. KLF5 overexpression had the opposite effect, even reversing the protective effect of the miR-143/145 cluster on IAs. Bifluorescein report experiments further confirmed that both miR-143 and miR-145 interacted with the 3'-UTR of KLF5 and inhibited post-transcriptional expression of KLF5. Taken together, the results showed that VSMC phenotypic modulation with upregulation of KLF5 by downregulation of the miR-143/145 cluster played an important role in formation and growth of IAs. The process of IA formation was reversed by overexpression of the miR-143/145 cluster. Together, the results provided a theoretical basis for further investigation of the potential clinical prevention and treatment of IAs."	1
"Title: P4HB and PDIA3 are associated with tumor progression and therapeutic outcome of diffuse gliomas. Abstract: Diffuse gliomas are the most common type of primary brain and central nervous system (CNS) tumors. Protein disulfide isomerases (PDIs) such as P4HB and PDIA3 act as molecular chaperones for reconstructing misfolded proteins, and are involved in endoplasmic reticulum stress and the unfolded protein response. The present study focused on the role of P4HB and PDIA3 in diffuse gliomas. Analysis of GEO and HPA data revealed that the expression levels of P4HB and PDIA3 were upregulated in glioma datasets. their increased expression was then validated in 99 glioma specimens compared with 11 non-tumor tissues. High expression of P4HB and PDIA3 was significantly correlated with high Ki-67 and a high frequency of the TP53 mutation. Kaplan-Meier survival curve and Cox regression analyses showed that glioma patients with high P4HB and PDIA3 expression had a poor survival outcome, P4HB and PDIA3 could be independent prognostic biomarkers for diffuse gliomas. In vitro, knockdown of PDIA3 suppressed cell proliferation, induced cell apoptosis, and decreased the migration of glioma cells. Furthermore, downregulation of P4HB and PDIA3 may contribute to improve the survival of patients who receive chemotherapy and radiotherapy. The data suggest that high expression of P4HB and PDIA3 plays an important role in glioma progression, and could predict the survival outcome and therapeutic response of glioma patients. Therefore, protein disulfide isomerases may be explored as prognostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets for diffuse gliomas."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-411 inhibits malignant biological behaviours of colorectal cancer cells by directly targeting PIK3R3. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most common cancer and the fourth leading cause of cancer-related mortality worldwide. Aberrant expression of miRNAs play important roles in the development and progression of various types of cancers by modulating oncogenic and tumour-suppressor pathways. Therefore, exploring the functions of microRNAs (miRNAs) that specifically contribute to CRC tumourigenesis and tumour development would greatly aid in obtaining more information on CRC and provide new targets for its diagnosis and treatment. miRNA-411 (miR-411) was previously observed to be aberrantly expressed in multiple human cancers. However, the expression pattern, function and underlying molecular mechanism of miR-411 in CRC remain unclear. Therefore, the present study was performed to detect miR-411 expression, investigate the biological roles of miR-411 and identify its mechanism of action in CRC cells. Here, miR-411 expression was significantly downregulated in human CRC tissues and cell lines, and low levels of miR-411 were correlated with lymph node metastasis, distant metastasis and TNM stage. Resumed expression of miR-411 suppressed cell proliferation and invasion but promoted apoptosis in CRC. Additionally, phosphoinositide-3-kinase regulatory subunit 3 (PIK3R3) was identified as a direct target of miR-411 in CRC. PIK3R3 was upregulated in the CRC tissues and inversely correlated with miR-411 expression. Downregulation of PIK3R3 had tumour-suppressive effects similar to those of miR-411 overexpression in CRC. Moreover, upregulation of PIK3R3 could rescue the tumour-suppressing effects of miR-411 overexpression in CRC cells. More importantly, miR-411 specifically suppressed the activation of the AKT/mTOR signalling pathway in CRC. Therefore, miR-411 functions as a tumour-suppressive miRNA by directly targeting PIK3R3 and indirectly regulating AKT/mTOR signalling pathway. miR-411 may serve as a new therapeutic target for patients with CRC."	1
"Title: Suppression of Kpn?1 expression inhibits human breast cancer cell proliferation by abrogating nuclear transport of Her2. Abstract: Breast cancer (BC) is one of the most fatal diseases and poses critical health problems worldwide. However, its mechanisms remain unclear. Consequently, there is an urgency to investigate the mechanisms involved in BC initiation and progression and identify novel therapeutics for its prevention and treatment. In this study, we identified karyopherin ?-1 (Kpn?1) as a possible novel therapeutic target for BC. Western blotting was used to evaluate the expression of Kpn?1 in four pairs of tumorous and adjacent non-tumorous tissues. The results revealed that the protein level of Kpn?1 was higher in the cancer samples compared with those in the corresponding normal samples. Immunohistochemistry was performed on 140 BC cases and indicated that Kpn?1 was significantly associated with clinical pathological variables. Kaplan-Meier curve revealed that high expression of Kpn?1 was related to poor BC patient prognosis. A starvation and re-feeding assay was used to imitate the cell cycle using the SKBR-3 cell line, indicating that Kpn?1 plays a critical role in cell proliferation. The Cell Counting Kit-8 assay revealed that SKBR-3 cells treated with Kpn?1-siRNA (siKpn?1) grew more slowly than the control cells, while flow cytometry revealed that low-Kpn?1 expressing SKBR-3 cells exhibited increased BC cell apoptosis. Furthermore, the interaction between Kpn?1 and Her2 was clearly observed by immunoprecipitation, indicating that Kpn?1-knockdown abrogated nuclear transport of Her2. In summary, our findings revealed that Kpn?1 is involved in the progression of BC and may be a useful therapeutic target."	1
"Title: Paeoniflorin exerts antitumor effects by inactivating S phase kinase-associated protein 2 in glioma cells. Abstract: Paeoniflorin (PF), a natural compound isolated from Paeoniae radix, has been shown to exert antitumor effects in various types of human cancers including glioma. However, the mechanism of action is not well understood. S-phase kinase-associated protein (Skp)2 functions as an oncogene in many cancers. In the present study, we investigated whether Skp2 mediates the anti-glioma activity of PF. We found that PF inhibited glioma cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and induced G2/M arrest and apoptosis. Skp2 expression was downregulated in glioma cells treated with PF. PF-induced antitumor effects in glioma cells were abolished by Skp2 overexpression but were enhanced by RNA interference of Skp2. Moreover, PF treatment inhibited U87 cell-derived tumor growth in a xenograft mouse model. These results demonstrate that PF exerts its antitumor effects in part by inhibiting Skp2 expression in glioma cells and could be a promising therapeutic agent for glioma therapy."	1
"Title: hsa-miR-212 modulates the radiosensitivity of glioma cells by targeting BRCA1. Abstract: Radioresistance remains a major challenge in the treatment of glioma, and the response of patients to radio-therapy varies considerably. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in various biological processes. The purpose of the present study was to investigate miRNAs involved in the response to radiation in glioma cell lines. Total RNA was isolated from human glioma U251 cells 30 min after ?-ray exposure and hybridized to an miRNA chip array. miRNA expression profiles were analyzed by quantitative real-time PCR. pcDNA3/EGFP-miR-212 mimic transfection was used to verify the function of miR-212 in colony formation tests, and the effect of miR-212 overexpression on U251 cells was examined by western blot analysis of apoptosis-related proteins (Bcl-2, Bax, caspase-3 and cytochrome c). The target genes of miR-212 were predicted using bioinformatic tools including miRNA databases, and breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 (BRCA1) was selected for further confirmation by EGFP fluorescence reporter and loss- and gain-of-function assays. Of the 16 candidate miRNAs showing altered expression, five were assessed by real-time PCR; miR-212 was identified as contributing to the radioresistance of glioma cells and was shown to attenuate radiation-induced apoptosis. miR-212 negatively regulated BRCA1 expression by interacting with its 3'-untranslated region, suggesting a correlation between BRCA1 expression and radiosensitivity in glioma cells. U-118MG and SHG-44 cell lines were used to confirm these observations. The response of glioma cells to radiation involves the miR-212-mediated modulation of BRCA1 gene expression, suggesting that the miR-212/BRCA1 axis may play a potential role in the radiotherapy of gliomas."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA MEG3 functions as a tumour suppressor and has prognostic predictive value in human pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) MEG3 has been demonstrated to be a tumour suppressor in many malignancies. However, the functional role of MEG3 in pancreatic cancer (PC) is unclear. In this study, the expression pattern of MEG3 was evaluated in 25 samples of microdissected PC tissues and 8 PC cell lines and was compared to the expression in adjacent non?cancerous tissues and a human pancreatic normal epithelial cell line. Loss of MEG3 expression was observed in both the cancerous tissues and cancer cell lines. Although the absence of expression of MEG3 was not statistically correlated to either histological grade or TNM stage in the 25 cases, the prognosis was significantly worse. MEG3 knockdown enhanced cell proliferation, promoted cell migration and invasion, induced epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT), increased the sphere?forming ability and cancer stem cell (CSC) properties, and decreased the chemosensitivity to gemcitabine in vitro. In contrast, forced expression of MEG3 resulted in a reverse effect. In conclusion, MEG3 functions as a tumour suppressor in human PC. The underlying cause of the poor prognosis induced by low levels of MEG3 expression in PC patients might involve EMT induction, enhanced CSC phenotypes and reduced chemoresistance, all of which might be associated with Snail activation."	1
"Title: Estrogen receptor ?1 activation accelerates resistance to epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of the leading causes of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Epidermal growth factor receptor-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR?TKIs) have revolutionized the treatment of patients with advanced EGFR-mutant NSCLC. However, drug resistance eventually develops in the majority of patients despite an excellent initial response. The present study aimed to investigate the mechanism of acquired resistance to EGFR-TKIs and to explore strategies to overcome the resistance to EGFR-TKIs from a gender perspective. PC9 and Hcc827 cell lines, sensitized to EGFR-TKI, and secondary TKI-resistant PC9-ER (erlotinib resistant) and Hcc827-ER cell lines were evaluated for the expression of ER?1. The proliferative ability of both cell lines was analyzed after transfection of siRNA-ER?1 using Cell Counting Kit-8 and colony formation assays. Extracellular signal-regulated protein kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2) and Akt activation were detected. The co-inhibition efficiency of erlotinib and fulvestrant was analyzed in PC9-ER xenografts. The expression of ER?1 was investigated in tumor tissues of EGFR-TKI-treated patients, and its correlation with clinicopathological factors and progression-free survival (PFS) was assessed. The expression of ER?1 was upregulated secondary to EGFR-TKIs in PC9 and Hcc827 cell lines, with ?-estradiol dependence. Both PC9-ER and Hcc827-ER cell lines were re-sensitized to erlotinib after downregulation of the expression of ER?1. ERK1/2 and Akt pathways were activated following the silencing of the expression of ER?1 in PC9-ER and Hcc827 cell lines. The co-treatment of erlotinib and fulvestrant exhibited better growth inhibitory efficiency compared with the treatment of each agent alone in PC9-ER-derived xenografts. Primary NSCLC samples of 53 patients treated with EGFR-TKIs were analyzed. ER?1 was highly expressed, and the strong expression of cytoplasmic ER?1 was related to a shorter PFS. In conclusion, ER?1 was activated in EGFR-TKI secondary resistance. The downregulation of ER?1 sensitized the cells to EGFR-TKIs. ER?1 may be a key molecule in EGFR-TKI therapy. In addition, anti-ER?1 treatment may reverse TKI resistance."	1
"Title: HIF?1??induced upregulation of lncRNA UCA1 promotes cell growth in osteosarcoma by inactivating the PTEN/AKT signaling pathway. Abstract: Increasing evidence indicates that long non?coding RNAs (lncRNAs) play an important role in multiple biological processes including cell growth, differentiation, proliferation and invasion. Urothelial carcinoma associated 1 (UCA1) is a highly conserved nuclear ncRNA and a key regulator of cell proliferation and apoptosis in several types of cancers. However, its role in osteosarcoma progression is not well known. In the present study, we aimed to determine the biological role of UCA1 in osteosarcoma progression. RT?qPCR analysis showed that UCA1 expression was significantly increased in osteosarcoma cell lines and promoted cell growth in osteosarcoma. We then sought to determine the mechanism underlying the upregulation of UCA1 in osteosarcoma. Luciferase reporter assay and chromatin immunoprecipitation assay suggested that lncRNA UCA1 was induced by HIF?1? and HIF?1? interacts with the HIF?1? response element in the promoter region of UCA1. In addition, the gain- and loss-of-functional assay showed that HIF?1? promoted osteosarcoma cell growth through inducing the UCA1 expression level. More importantly, Cignal Signal Transduction Reporter Array and western blot assay showed that lncRNA UCA1 inactivated the PTEN/AKT signaling pathway. Finally, we observed that HIF?1? induced cell growth through the UCA1/PTEN/AKT signaling pathway. To conclude, our integrated approach demonstrates that UCA1 confers a tumor promoter function by promoting cell proliferation and silencing of the PTEN/AKT signaling pathway in osteosarcoma. Thus, UCA1 can serve as a promising therapeutic target for osteosarcoma patients."	1
"Title: Knockdown of immature colon carcinoma transcript 1 induces suppression of proliferation, S-phase arrest and apoptosis in leukemia cells. Abstract: Immature colon carcinoma transcript 1 (ICT1), a human mitochondrial translation release factor, is a ribosome-dependent codon-independent peptidyl-tRNA hydrolase. ICT1-deficiency has been recognized as a cell growth inhibitor of hepatoblastoma and glioblastoma multiforme. To explore the role of ICT1 in human leukemia, 2 short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) targeting ICT1 sequences were designed in leukemia U937 cells. The successful infection of ICT1 in the U937 cells was observed under a fluorescence microscope and further quantified by western blotting and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) analysis. Tetrazolium dye (MTT) assay revealed a significant decrease in proliferation of ICT1-knockdown U937 cells on the fourth and fifth day as compared with the control. Depletion of ICT1 resulted in an increase in S phase and sub-G1 (representing cell apoptosis) fractions. Annexin V-APC/7-AAD staining assay confirmed that knockdown of ICT1 played a crucial role in boosting early and late apoptotic programs in U937 cells. Downregulation of ICT1 also altered cyclin A2 transcription expression, caspase-3 activity and p21 protein expression. Additionally, decreased levels of heat shock protein 27 (HSP27) phosphorylation at Ser78 was correlated with knockdown of ICT1 in U937 cells. Thus, we concluded that the regulatory role of ICT1 in leukemia may be used as a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of leukemia."	1
"Title: Knockdown of hnRNP A2/B1 inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and cell cycle triggering apoptosis in cervical cancer via PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. Abstract: Cervical cancer is currently one of the major threats to women's health. The overexpression of heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A2/B1 (hnRNP A2/B1) as the biomarker has been investigated in various cancers. In our previous study, we found that lobaplatin induced apoptosis and cell cycle arrest via downregulation of proteins including hnRNP A2/B1 in cervical cancer cells. However, the underlying relationship between hnRNP A2/B1 and cervical cancer remained largely unknown. hnRNP A2/B1 knock?down in HeLa and CaSki cells was performed by shRNA transfection. The expression of hnRNP A2/B1 was detected by western blot and Quantitative Real?time PCR. Cell proliferation, migration, invasion and the IC50 of lobaplatin and irinotecan were determined by MTT assay, Transwell assay, Plate colony formation assay and wound healing assay. Flow cytometry was perfomed to investigate cell apoptosis and the cell cycle. The expression of PI3K, AKT, p?AKT, p21, p27, caspase?3, cleaved caspase?3 were revealed by western blot. Nude mouse xenograft model was undertaken with HeLa cells and the xenograft tumor tissue samples were analyzed for the expression of PCNA and Ki?67 by immunohistochemistry and the cell morphology was evaluated by hematoxylin and eosin (H&E). Results revealed that hnRNP A2/B1 was successfully silenced in HeLa and CaSki cells. hnRNP A2/B1 knock?down significantly induced the suppression of proliferation, migration, invasion and also enhancement of apoptosis and reduced the IC50 of lobaplatin and irinotecan. The expression of p21, p27 and cleaved caspase?3 in shRNA group were significantly upregulated and the expression of p?AKT was reduced both in vitro and in vivo. The results of immunohistochemistry showed that PCNA and Ki?67 were significantly downregulated in vivo. The growth of nude mouse xenograft tumor was significantly reduced by hnRNP A2/B1 knock?down. Taken together, these data indicate that inhibition of hnRNP A2/B1 in cervical cancer cells can inhibit cell proliferation and invasion, induce cell?cycle arrestment and trigger apoptosis via PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. In addition, after silencing hnRNP A2/B1 can increase the sensitivity of cervical cancer cells to lobaplatin and irinotecan."	1
"Title: miR?873 inhibits colorectal cancer cell proliferation by targeting TRAF5 and TAB1. Abstract: MicroRNA-873 (miR?873) has been reported to be dysregulated in a variety of malignancies, however, the biological function and underlying molecular mechanism of miR?873 in colorectal cancer (CRC) remain unclear. In the present study we found that the expression levels of miR?873 were markedly decreased in CRC cell lines and tissues from patients. Statistical analysis revealed that miR?873 expression was inversely correlated with the disease stage of CRC. Kaplan?Meier survival analysis revealed that patients with CRC with lower miR?873 expression had shorter overall survival rates. Additionally, downregulation of miR?873 enhanced the proliferation of CRC cells, while upregulation of miR?873 reduced this proliferation. Furthermore, we found that tumor necrosis factor (TNF) receptor-associated factor 5 (TRAF5) and TGF?? activated kinase 1 (MAP3K7) binding protein 1 (TAB1) were direct targets of miR?873 in CRC cells. A luciferase assay revealed that ectopic expression of miR?873 significantly reduced nuclear factor ?B (NF??B) luciferase activity, while ectopic expression of miR?873 inhibitor enhanced luciferase activity, suggesting that downregulation of miR?873 can activate NF??B signaling. Therefore, our findings established a tumor-suppressive role for miR?873 in the inhibition of CRC progression, which may be employed as a novel prognostic marker and as an effective therapeutic target for CRC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-let-7a regulates cell autophagy by targeting Rictor in gastric cancer cell lines MGC-803 and SGC-7901. Abstract: miR-let-7a is the most widely studied miRNA, whose functions have been well-established by scientists in both carcinogenesis and progression of human cancer, including gastric cancer (GC). However, to date there is a lack of information concerning the relationship between miR-let-7a and cellular autophagy. Using western blotting and immunofluorescence, we determined that upregulation of miR-let-7a led to increased cellular autophagic level, whereas miR-let-7a suppression decreased autophagy activity in GC cells. To further elucidate the mechanisms underlying this, we screened potential targets of miR-let-7a using bioinformatics analyses, validated by a series of assays. Our results indicated that Rptor independent companion of mTOR complex 2 (Rictor) was a direct target of miR-let-7a. In addition, rescue experiments in vitro showed that miR-let-7a promoted cellular autophagic level by inhibiting Rictor expression in GC cells. Furthermore, as an upstream executor of Akt-mTOR signaling pathway, we found that Rictor elaborated its effect on autophagy by phosphorylating Akt and mTOR, and this regulatory process could also be mediated by miR-let-7a. Taken together, our results present a novel role for miR-let-7a in GC which modulates autophagy by targeting Rictor, following the regulation of Akt-mTOR signal pathway."	1
"Title: miR-152 inhibits proliferation of human endometrial cancer cells via inducing G2/M phase arrest by suppressing CDC25B expression. Abstract: microRNA-152 (miR-152) is a tumor suppressor that is down-regulated in many cancers including endometrial cancer (EC). However, the underlying mechanism of action of miR-152 in EC is unclear. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the role of miR-152 on proliferation of human endometrial cancer cells. Herein, we found that miR-152 overexpression and CDC25B knockdown inhibited proliferative ability and induced G2/M phase arrest in KLE and HEC-1B cells. CDC25B was a target of miR-152. In addition, CDC25B overexpression rescued miR-152-induced proliferation inhibition and G2/M phase arrest in human endometrial cancer cells. The results indicated that miR-152 was a tumor suppressor in EC that inhibited proliferation of human endometrial cancer cells via inducing G2/M phase arrest by suppressing CDC25B expression."	1
"Title: miR-15b-5p facilitates the tumorigenicity by targeting RECK and predicts tumour recurrence in prostate cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to participate in many biological behaviours of multiple malignancies. Recent studies have shown that miR-15b-5p (miR-15b) exhibits dual roles by accelerating or blocking tumour progression. However, the molecular mechanisms by which miR-15b contributes to prostate cancer (PCa) are still elusive. Here, miR-15b expression was found significantly up-regulated in PCa in comparison with the normal samples and was positively correlated with age and Gleason score in patients with PCa. Notably, PCa patients with miR-15b high expression displayed a higher recurrence rate than those with miR-15b low expression (P = 0.0058). Knockdown of miR-15b suppressed cell growth and invasiveness in 22RV1 and PC3 cells, while overexpression of miR-15b reversed these effects. Then, we validated that RECK acted as a direct target of miR-15b by dual-luciferase assay and revealed the negative correlation of RECK with miR-15b expression in PCa tissues. Ectopic expression of RECK reduced cell proliferation and invasive potential and partially abrogated the tumour-promoting effects caused by miR-15b overexpression. Additionally, miR-15b knockdown inhibited tumour growth activity in a mouse PCa xenograft model. Taken together, our findings indicate that miR-15b promotes the progression of PCa cells by targeting RECK and represents a potential marker for patients with PCa."	1
"Title: miR-133b reverses cisplatin resistance by targeting GSTP1 in cisplatin-resistant lung cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs play a critical role in chemoresistance and are implicated in various biological and pathological processes of cells. The objective of the present study was to explore the role of miR?133b and its mechanism in the regulation of cisplatin resistance and tumor progression in cisplatin?resistant non?small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. Reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot assays of the cisplatin?resistant cell lines A549/DPP and H1299/DDP displayed the reduced expression of miR?133b and increased expression of glutathione-S-transferase P1 (GSTP1) in the resistant cells compared with the respective parental cell lines A549 and H1299. Cell Counting kit?8, flow cytometry, colony formation and Transwell migration assays indicated that the overexpression of miR?133b increased the chemosensitivity to cisplatin and attenuated the proliferation and migration capacities of the cisplatin?resistant NSCLC cell lines in vitro. A dual?luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that miR?133b negatively regulated the expression of GSTP1 by targeting its 3'?untranslated region. In addition, the knockdown of GSTP1 by transfection with small interfering RNA exerted similar effects on cell chemosensitivity, proliferation and migration as did ectopic miR?133b expression, in addition to the upregulation of Bax and downregulation of Bcl?2, survivin and matrix metalloproteinase expression. In conclusion, the present study findings provide the insights that miR?133b reduces cisplatin resistance and its overexpression contributes to the suppression of the malignant growth and aggressiveness of cisplatin?resistant NSCLC cells by targeting GSTP1. This could potentially be exploited as a novel therapeutic strategy for the reversal of cisplatin resistance."	1
"Title: PARP1-siRNA suppresses human prostate cancer cell growth and progression. Abstract: Poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitors, such as olaparib or rucaparib, have shown treatment efficacy in BRCA1/2-deficient tumors. However, since PARP inhibitors (PARPi) mainly modulate the activation of PARP but not its expression, whether small interfering RNA (siRNA) specific to PARP has the same function as PARPi has not been well defined. In the present study it was demonstrated that PARP1-siRNA could reduce prostate cancer (PCa) cell progression regardless of the BRCA1/2 mutation. PARP1 silencing could significantly inhibit PC3 cell migration and invasion. Additionally, PARP1-siRNA also inhibited the proliferation of PC3 and Du145 cells. After the induction of apoptosis by docetaxel, cleaved-caspase3 of DU145 and C4-2 cells increased significantly in the PARP1-siRNA group. In the xenograft nude mouse model, PARP1-siRNA could suppress xenograft tumor size of PC3 cells and produce a more regular morphology. In vitro and in vivo, PARP1 silencing significantly downregulated vimentin expression and upregulated E-cadherin expression, both of which are epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers. It has been revealed that PI3K inhibition could sensitize the effect of PARPi. Notably, PARP1-siRNA could suppress the expression of EGFR and p-GSK3? (Ser9) in PCa cells, which was different from PARPi. Our results indicated that PARP1-siRNA can suppress the growth and invasion capacity of PCa cells, thereby suggesting that PARP1-siRNA, which is different from PARPi, may provide a potential treatment method for PCa."	1
"Title: Tyrphostin B42 attenuates trichostatin A-mediated resistance in pancreatic cancer cells by antagonizing IL-6/JAK2/STAT3 signaling. Abstract: Drug-resistance is the key reason for the ineffectiveness of chemotherapy in pancreatic cancer. Thus, it is very important to explore the molecular mechanisms of drug?resistance and the methods of effective intervention. In the present study, we investigated the effect of tyrphostin B42, also called AG490, on histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitor trichostatin A (TSA)?induced resistance in pancreatic cancer cells (PCCs). Evidence from phase contrast microscope revealed that TSA?resistant cells (PANC?1?TSA) had higher proliferative activity than non?resistant cells (PANC?1). This over?proliferative activity induced by TSA may be associated with abnormal activation of JAK2/STAT3 signaling, which can be strengthened by interleukin?6 (IL?6), a STAT3?upstream inducer, resulting in enhanced expression of STAT3-downstream target genes including c?Myc, c?Src, HIF?1?, and CCND1. In addition, increased expression of Bcl?2 mRNA and decreased expression of Bax mRNA in PANC?1?TSA cells indicated that TSA induced the inhibition of mitochondrial-dependent apoptosis in PCCs. Tyrphostin B42 treatment evidently antagonized the activation of IL?6/JAK2/STAT3 in a dose?dependent manner. As a result, tyrphostin B42 inhibited the over?proliferative activity of PANC?1?TSA cells, and downregulated the expression of IL?6/JAK2/STAT3?downstream target genes. Moreover, tyrphostin B42 induced the apoptosis of PCCs by regulating the expression of mitochondrial?related genes. Therefore, these findings demonstrated that tyrphostin B42 attenuated TSA?mediated resistance in PCCs by antagonizing the IL?6/JAK2/STAT3 signaling."	1
"Title: REC8 inhibits EMT by downregulating EGR1 in gastric cancer cells. Abstract: REC8 is a component of the meiotic cohesion complex that plays a critical role in chromosome dynamics during meiosis. However, the functional role of REC8 in gastric cancer has not been elucidated. In the present study, REC8 suppressed the growth and metastasis of gastric cancer cells in vitro. Whole Human Genome Oligo Microarray results revealed that a wide range of genes with broad function were targeted by REC8. Among them early growth response-1 (EGR1), a transcription factor and an epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-associated protein in the AGR-RAGE pathway was significantly downregulated when REC8 was overexpressed in gastric cancer cells. We hypothesized that REC8 inhibits EMT by downregulating EGR1 in gastric cancer cells. Consistent with our prediction, REC8 overexpression decreased EMT in gastric cancer cells, whereas the REC8 ablation reversed these effects. In addition, the phenotypes of EGR1 overexpressed cells were similar to the phenotypes of REC8 ablated cells. Furthermore, we determined that REC8 interacted with EGR1, and inhibited EMT in gastric cancer cells. We thus propose further studies of the pathways associated with REC8 and EGR1 to potentially find novel targets in the treatment for gastric cancer."	1
"Title: ?3GnT8 regulates oxaliplatin resistance by altering integrin ?1 glycosylation in colon cancer cells. Abstract: Correlations between drug resistance and glycosylation changes have been analyzed intensively in the field of tumor biology. The present study was aimed to investigate the glycan and glycogene alterations involved in oxaliplatin resistance in human colon cancer cells. Using the lectin microarray for glycan composition and FITC-lectin binding for glycan profiling, we found that polylactosamine-type N-glycans were significantly increased in oxaliplatin-resistant SW620R cells. Using real-time PCR for quantification of glycogenes, we targeted ?-1,3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 8 (?3GnT8), which was overexpressed in SW620R cells. Using an RNA interference strategy, we revealed that the silencing of ?3GnT8 in SW620R cells resulted in increased chemosensitivity to oxaliplatin. Conversely, the engineered overexpression of ?3GnT8 in SW620 cells enhanced resistance to oxaliplatin. Further data revealed that manipulation of ?3GnT8 was able to modify polylactosamine chains on integrin ?1 and to regulate the integrin ?1 downstream signaling pathway. These results revealed that ?3GnT8 may play a key role in the development of oxaliplatin resistance in colon cancer cells possibly through the alteration of the glycosylation of integrin ?1. These findings may be valuable for overcoming drug resistance in colon cancer."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA XIST exerts oncogenic functions in pancreatic cancer via miR-34a-5p. Abstract: Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been implicated in the occurrence and progression of multiple cancers. In the present study, we investigated the role of lncRNA X inactive-specific transcript (XIST) in the development and progression of pancreatic cancer (PC). Firstly, we found that lncRNA XIST was markedly upregulated in PC tissues and PC cell lines, respectively. Overexpression of XIST significantly promoted the proliferation, migration and invasion, and suppressed cell apoptosis of BxPC-3 cells; knockdown of XIST significantly inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion, and accelerated cell apoptosis of PANC-1 cells. Furthermore, BxPC-3 and PANC-1 cells transfected with different vectors were injected subcutaneously into nude mice to explore tumor formation. We found that XIST promoted tumor formation in vivo. Subsequently, we found that microRNA-34a-5p (miR?34a-5p) was downregulated in PC tissues, and predicted a poor prognosis in PC patients. In addition, the results indicated that miR-34a-5p is a target gene of XIST and was significantly negatively correlated with XIST. More importantly, we found that miR-34a-5p rescued the facilitation of malignant behavior mediated by XIST. These results indicated that XIST and miR-34a-5p may be potential effective therapeutic targets for PC."	1
"Title: Transdifferentiation of type II alveolar epithelial cells induces reactivation of dormant tumor cells by enhancing TGF-?1/SNAI2 signaling. Abstract: Dormant tumor cells (DTCs) serve a crucial role in the pathogenesis of metastasis and may compromise the efficacy of existing therapeutic modalities aimed at fully eradicating cancer. However, the mechanisms underlying the dormant-to-proliferating switch of DTCs remain largely unknown. The lung is one of the most common sites of metastatic recurrence. The transdifferentiation of alveolar epithelial cells II (AEC IIs) to AEC Is is a hallmark of alveolar epithelial stimulation. However, the role of AEC II transdifferentiation during the reactivation of DTCs has not been fully elucidated. In the present study, we found that tumor cells promoted the transdifferentiation of AEC IIs. Furthermore, the supernatant of the transdifferentiation of AEC IIs to AEC Is (Super-TDA) promoted the dormant-to-proliferating switch of DTCs via the autocrine effect of TGF-?1 on the 3D BME culture system in vitro. Monensin and LY2109761 blocked the dormant-to-proliferating switch of DTCs induced by Super-TDA. Although lipopolysaccharide did not directly stimulate the reactivation of DTCs, it promoted DTC reactivation by increasing the secretion of TGF-?1 in the Super-TDA. We further demonstrated that the upregulation of SNAI2 expression was required for Super-TDA facilitating the DTC dormant-to?proliferating switch. Taken together, our findings demonstrated that tumor cells may promote AEC II transdifferentiation. Furthermore, the transdifferentiation of AEC IIs may, in turn, induce the reactivation of 3D-established DTCs by promoting TGF-?1/SNAI2 signaling. Targeting this process may provide novel therapeutic strategies for the inhibition of the dormant?to-proliferating switch."	1
"Title: TRIB2 knockdown as a regulator of chemotherapy resistance and proliferation via the ERK/STAT3 signaling pathway in human chronic myelogenous leukemia K562/ADM cells. Abstract: Acquired resistance to chemotherapy plays a critical role in human drug treatment failure in many tumor types. Multidrug resistance (MDR) to Adriamycin (ADM) also limits the efficacy of therapy in human chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The overexpression of drug efflux transporters is one mechanism uderlying MDR. In particular, the consistent activation of MDR1 and MDR?associated protein 1 (MRP1) is involved in drug resistance. In the present study, ADM?resistant human CML K562/ADM cells were stably transfected with a Tribbles homolog 2 (TRIB2)?targeted vector. A CCK?8 assay showed that the half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) of ADM and the cell proliferation were lower in the transfected cells compared with that in the parental K562/ADM cells. The mRNA and protein expression levels of MDR1 and MRP1 were determined by reverse transcription?polymerase chain reaction (RT?PCR), RT?quantitative PCR and western blot analysis. The results showed that the expression of MDR1 and MRP1 was significantly reduced in K562/ADM cells transfected with pGPU6/GFP/Neo?TRIB2. Due to the downregulation of MDR1 and MRP1, the intracellular accumulation of ADM was increased in the transfected cells compared with that in the parental K562/ADM cells. Therefore, the sensitivity of the K562/ADM cells to ADM was enhanced and proliferation was inhibited. Our research revealed that protein expression of the ERK signaling pathway was inhibited by downregulating TRIB2, indicating that the ERK pathway was involved in cell drug resistance and proliferation. Furthermore, we used the ERK?specific blocker U0126 to demonstrate this phenomenon. In summary, our research suggested that knockdown of TRIB2 could slow cell growth and reverse resistance, implying that TRIB2 is a potential therapy target for resistant human CML."	1
"Title: miR-199a-3p enhances cisplatin sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells by targeting ITGB8. Abstract: Drug resistance remains a large obstacle for the treatment of ovarian cancer. miRNAs have been reported to be involved in cisplatin (CDDP) resistance in ovarian cancer. The aim of the present study was to investigate the function and mechanism of miR-199a-3p in the CDDP resistance in ovarian cancer. We found that miR-199a-3p was significantly downregulated in chemoresistant ovarian cancer tissues, as well as CDDP-resistant SKOV3/CDDP cells, compared to chemosensitive carcinomas and SKOV3 cells. Restoration of miR-199a-3p in SKOV3/CDDP cells reduced cell proliferation, G1 phase cell cycle arrest, cell invasion, and increased cell apoptosis, resulting in enhanced CDDP sensitivity, while miR-199a-3p inhibition resulted in the opposite effects. Luciferase reporter assay showed that integrin ?8 (ITGB8), one of the integrins that is involved in the regulation of cell cycle and motility, was a direct target of miR-199a-3p. Overexpression of miR-199a-3p downregulated ITGB8 expression via binding to its 3'-UTR. In addition, overexpression of ITGB8 restored CDDP resistance inhibited by miR-199a-3p. Moreover, orthotopic ovarian cancer mouse model showed that miR?199a-3p enhanced CDDP sensitivity of ovarian cancer in vivo. Therefore, our results indicate that miR-199a-3p enhances CDDP sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells through downregulating ITGB8 expression, and miR-199a-3p may serve as a therapeutic target for the treatment of ovarian cancer patients with CDDP-resistance."	1
"Title: Yap regulates gastric cancer survival and migration via SIRT1/Mfn2/mitophagy. Abstract: Gastric cancer is the fifth most common cancer worldwide and Hippo-Yap is the novel signaling pathway which plays an important role in gastric cancer tumor development and progression. However, little insight is available to date regarding the specific role of Yes-associated protein (Yap) in gastric cancer. In the present study, we identified the mechanism through which Yap sustains gastric cancer viability and migration. Yap was greatly upregulated in gastric cancer cells and its expression promoted cellular migration and survival. Functional studies found that knockdown of Yap reduced the mitophagy activity, which subsequently caused mitochondrial apoptosis and cellular oxidative stress. The latter impaired adhesive protein expression, alleviated F-actin expression, blunted lamellipodium formation, leading to inhibition of cancer cell motility. Mechanistically, Yap preserved Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) activity which manipulated mitofusin 2 (Mfn2) expression and subsequent mitophagy. Loss of Yap reduced SIRT1 expression and inhibited Mfn2-mediated mitophagy. Collectively, our results identified Hippo-Yap as a tumor promoter in gastric cancer that was mediated via activation of the SIRT1/Mfn2/mitophagy axis, with potential applications to gastric cancer therapy involving cancer survival and migration."	1
"Title: miRNA-320a inhibits glioma cell invasion and migration by directly targeting aquaporin 4. Abstract: Glioma is the most aggressive and malignant type of primary intracranial tumor. In recent decades, despite the rapid development of modern surgery and therapeutic strategies available for brain tumors, the prognosis of glioma remains poor and the median survival time is <15 months. In this study, we found that the levels of miRNA-320a were significantly decreased in patients with glioma, and that elevated miRNA-320a expression was associated with a better prognosis. In addition, aquaporin 4 (AQP4) was identified as a direct target of miRNA-320a. Overexpression of miRNA-320a led to the inhibition of cell invasion and migration via targeting of AQP4. Therefore, our results suggested that miRNA-320a could suppress the aggressive capacity of tumors by targeting AQP4, and that miRNA-320a could serve as a new effective therapeutic target for glioma surgical and therapeutic strategies."	1
"Title: High expression of hnRNPA1 promotes cell invasion by inducing EMT in gastric cancer. Abstract: Advanced gastric cancer (GC) has a poor prognosis and its treatment strategies are not very efficient. Heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoprotein A1 (hnRNPA1) has emerged as a plausible GC marker, however the role and molecular mechanism of hnRNPA1 in cell invasion and migration remains unknown. In the present study, the gene expression across normal and tumor tissue (GENT) database was used to evaluate the mRNA expression of hnRNPA1 in various types of cancer. Western blot analysis (WB) and immunohistochemistry (IHC) were performed to detect the protein expression of hnRNPA1 in GC tissues and adjacent non?tumor tissues. The expression of multiple oncogenes was detected by western blot analysis and quantitative RT?PCR in hnRNPA1 overexpressing GC cells. Soft agar colony formation, EdU incorporation, wound healing and invasion assays were applied to verify the role of hnRNPA1 in anchorage?independent cell growth, migration and invasion in GC cells. Epithelial?to?mesenchymal transition (EMT) markers were detected by immunofluorescence, western blot analysis and IHC in vitro. A nude mice model of metastasis carcinoma was established to confirm the role of hnRNPA1 during EMT in vivo. Our results revealed that hnRNPA1 was significantly upregulated in GC tissue. HnRNPA1 overexpression significantly induced cell growth, migration and invasion ability in GC cells. In addition, hnRNPA1 promoted EMT of GC cells in vitro and in vivo. These findings indicated that hnRNPA1 is highly expressed in GC and promoted invasion by inducing EMT transition in GC cells. Thus, hnRNPA1 may be a potential therapeutic target for GC."	1
"Title: miR-181 regulates cisplatin-resistant non-small cell lung cancer via downregulation of autophagy through the PTEN/PI3K/AKT pathway. Abstract: A number of miRNAs have been found to be abnormally expressed or mutated in numerous cancers and thus, are considered to act as oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effect of miR-181 on cisplatin-resistant non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). In patients with cisplatin-resistant NSCLC, miR-181 expression was found to be markedly decreased. In addition, in the cisplatin-resistant human lung adenocarcinoma cell line A549/DDP, miR-181 downregulation promoted cell growth and metastasis and inhibited cell apoptosis, whereas miR-181 overexpression exerted the opposite effects. Furthermore, miR-181 downregulation suppressed LC3 and ATG5 protein expression in A549/DDP cells through suppression of the PTEN/PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway, whereas miR-181 overexpression recovered LC3 and ATG5 protein expression by promoting PTEN/PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling. In turn, PTEN inhibitors reduced the anticancer effects of miR-181 overexpression on A549/DDP cell growth via the regulation of autophagy through the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway. Therefore, miR-181 may be a novel and important regulator of cisplatin-resistant NSCLC by serving a role in the regulation of apoptosis, as an established rate-limiting miRNA target."	1
"Title: LncRNA LINC01116 competes with miR-145 for the regulation of ESR1 expression in breast cancer. Abstract: To investigate the biological role and clinical significance of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNA) LINC01116 in breast cancer. Materials and methods: In the public database Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO), the breast cancer data set GSE54002 was screened for differentially expressed lncRNA LINC01116 in breast cancer tissues and paracancerous tissues. Quantitative Real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to detect the expression of LINC01116 in 64 breast cancer tissues and 30 normal breast tissues. Level of LINC01116 and clinicopathological parameters of breast cancer were statistically analyzed. The effect of LINC01116 in breast cancer cells was investigated after knockdown of LINC01116. Luciferase reporter gene was further used to investigate the mechanism of endogenous RNA (ceRNA). Results: Results of GSE54002 showed that the expression of LINC01116 in breast cancer tissues was significantly increased. In clinical samples, the level of LINC01116 in patients with breast cancer was significantly increased, which was correlated with the overall survival, tumor size and tumor node metastasis (TNM) stage in patients, but not correlated with the age, sex and lymph node metastasis (p>0.05). LINC01116 can act as an endogenous sponge and bind directly to miR-145, resulting in the up-regulation of estrogen receptor 1 (ESR1), a target gene of miR-145. Conclusions: LncRNA LINC01116 is highly expressed in breast cancer and is a new prognostic biomarker in breast cancer. Our study establishes a new link between LINC01116, miR-145 and ESR1."	1
"Title: Histone methyltransferase KMT5A gene modulates oncogenesis and lipid metabolism of papillary thyroid cancer in vitro. Abstract: KMT5A (known as PR-Set7/9, SETD8 and SET8), a member of the SET domain containing methyltransferase family specifically targeting H4K20 for methylation, has been implicated in multiple biological processes. In the present study, we identified that KMT5A was elevated in 50 pairs of papillary thyroid cancer tissue samples and in cell lines K1 and TPC-1 by qRT-PCR and western blotting, as well as by immunohistochemical staining. CCK-8 assay and flow cytometric analysis revealed that inhibition of KMT5A attenuated proliferation and induced apoptosis. Transwell assays revealed that cell migration and invasion were suppressed in KMT5A-knockdown cells. Moreover, the inhibition of KMT5A arrested the cell cycle in the G1/S phase of papillary thyroid cancer cells. The TCGA data revealed that elevated KMT5A expression was significantly correlated with extrathyroidal extension, lymph node metastasis and advanced pathological stage of papillary thyroid cancer. Furthermore, we observed that inhibition of KMT5A suppressed the expression of SREBP1, SCD, FASN and ACC, key molecules involved in lipid metabolism and decreased the level of malondialdehyde in papillary thyroid cancer cells. In conclusion, KMT5A may be a novel oncogenic factor, specifically a regulator for lipid metabolism in papillary thyroid carcinoma."	1
"Title: Emodin inhibits TGF-?2 by activating the FOXD3/miR?199a axis in ovarian cancer cells in vitro. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a highly metastatic malignancy and a leading cause of cancer-related death in postmenopausal women. Emodin is a natural anthraquinone isolated from several traditional Chinese medicines including Rhubarb and Polygonum cuspidatum. Recently, emodin was demonstrated to reduce the growth of human ovarian carcinoma cells. However, the mechanism remains unclear. In the present study, we identified that transforming growth factor (TGF)-?2 was significantly affected by emodin treatment in A2780 cells using microarray analysis. MicroRNA (miR)-199a was predicted as a potential miRNA targeting TGF-?2 by in silico prediction using TargetScan. The mRNA and protein levels of TGF-?2 were both significantly reduced by miR-199a. Spearman's correlation analysis revealed a significant correlation between the expression level of miR-199a and TGF-?2 in human ovarian cancer specimens. Silencing of miR-199a with miR-199a inhibitor significantly restored the reduction in TGF-?2 expression induced by emodin. Additionally, cell viability and colony formation of A2780 cells were markedly inhibited by emodin treatment, which was mediated by miR-199a. We analyzed the primary mature miR-199a-1 and miR-199a-2 transcripts in A2780 cells treated with emodin or dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) and found that only pri-miR-199a-1 was regulated by emodin. A conserved binding site of Forkhead box D3 (FOXD3) was identified within pri-miR?199a-1. We further revealed that miR-199a expression was significantly regulated by FOXD3. Taken together, the present study demonstrated that emodin may directly promote FOXD3 expression and sequentially activates miR-199a, which in turn suppresses the expression of TGF-?2 to reduce cell viability and colony formation of A2780 cells."	1
"Title: CAFs enhance paclitaxel resistance by inducing EMT through the IL?6/JAK2/STAT3 pathway. Abstract: Carcinoma?associated fibroblasts (CAFs) are the major components of mesenchymal cells in the inflammatory tumor microenvironment. They are involved in epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT) and chemotherapy resistance by directly contacting with cancer cells or secretory cytokines. In the present study, we examined the role of CAFs in the induction of EMT in ovarian cancer. Primary ovarian cancer cells, CAFs and normal fibroblasts (NFs) were isolated from fresh cancer tissue and cultured for immunohistochemistry studies. Enzyme?linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) was used to detect the expression of IL?6 in the culture supernatants of these cells. The expression of IL?6 at the mRNA level was examined by RT?PCR. The expression of IL?6 at the protein level in ovarian cancer tissues was determined using an immunofluorescence assay in both tissue sections and cell lobes. OVCAR3 cells were treated with the culture supernatants collected from CAFs and NFs. IL?6 monoclonal antibody (mAb) was employed to neutralize IL?6. The expression of phosphorylated STAT3 was assessed. Changes in EMT, proliferation, invasion and proapoptotic protein expression were also examined. Flow cytometry was performed to detect the changes in apoptosis resistance of OVCAR3 cells. The JAK2/STAT3 pathway?specific inhibitor AG490 was used to block this pathway and the ??TGF inhibitor was used to inhibit EMT. The clinical data of patients treated in our hospital were collected between January 1st, 2009 and June 30th, 2013. The expression of interstitial IL?6 in paraffin?embedded tissues was detected by immunohistochemistry. The relationship between the expression of interstitial IL?6 and the treatment response was examined by linear regression and multiple linear regression analyses. We found that CAFs were the main source of IL?6 in ovarian cancer tissue. CAFs promoted the phosphorylation of STAT3 in ovarian cancer and enhanced the proliferation, invasion and EMT. Enhanced EMT may lead to apoptosis resistance, inhibitory expression of pro?apoptotic proteins and paclitaxel resistance. A total of 255 patients were enrolled in this retrospective study. Univariate and multivariate analyses revealed that age, CA125, interstitial IL?6 expression and cytoreduction satisfaction were closely related to the sensitivity of the TP (docetaxel plus cisplatin or carbopatin) regimen in ovarian cancer (P<0.05). These results demonstrated that CAFs highly secreted IL?6 and promoted ??TGF?mediated EMT in ovarian cancer via the JAK2/STAT3 pathway, leading to inhibited apoptosis and subsequent paclitaxel resistance. Therefore, CAFs may be a new therapeutic target for the treatment of ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: miR?24 may be a negative regulator of menin in lung cancer. Abstract: The incidence of lung cancer in China increases annually, and effective targets for the diagnosis and treatment of lung cancer are urgently needed. miRNAs are currently considered to be involved in the regulation of tumor development and growth. miR?24 has been found to contribute to the development of several tumors. Menin is a key tumor suppressor gene, and its expression is generally low in lung cancer. The effects of miR?24 on the biological behavior of lung cancer cells were detected by MTT and Transwell assays. In the present study, miR?24 was found to be associated with menin, affecting the activity of the SMAD3 pathway in lung cancer by inhibiting menin expression. miR?24 may promote the growth and metastasis and inhibit the apoptosis of lung cancer cells by targeting menin. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to provide a new theoretical basis for the targeted therapy of lung cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-149 suppresses the proliferation and increases the sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin by targeting X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis. Abstract: Currently, ovarian cancer is identified as one of the leading causes of cancer-associated mortality in females. Despite numerous efforts that were made on developing novel treatments for ovarian cancer, the survival rate remains unsatisfactory. Considering the important regulatory role of miRNAs in different types of cancer, the present study aims to identify a novel therapeutic target for treatment of ovarian cancer. The expression of miR-149 was detected using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction in cancerous and normal cells. Furthermore, the effects of miR-149 on ovarian cancer cell activities were investigated using MTT assay, colony formation, flow cytometry and western blotting analysis. In the present study, it was revealed that microRNA (miR)-149 was significantly downregulated in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines, and that the miR-149 expression was correlated with the patient prognosis. In addition, it was observed that forced expression of miR-149 increased the sensitivity of ovarian cancer cell to cisplatin. Based on bioinformatics analysis and luciferase assay, X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis (XIAP) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-149 in ovarian cancer cells. It was also demonstrated that XIAP expression was upregulated in the ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines, while it was negatively correlated with miR-149 in these tissues and cells. Furthermore, results revealed that ectopic expression of XIAP was able to abolish the miR-149-enhanced cell sensitivity to cisplatin. In conclusion, the present study revealed that miR-149 functioned as a tumor suppressor in the progression of ovarian cancer, increasing the sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin treatment."	1
"Title: LncRNA SNHG20 promotes cell proliferation and invasion via miR-140-5p-ADAM10 axis in cervical cancer. Abstract: Recent studies highlight the crucial regulatory roles of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in carcinogenesis. However, involvement of the lncRNA SNHG20 in cervical cancer progression remains unclear. Methods: The expression of SNHG20 and miR-140-5p was determined in cervical cancer. Gain or loss of function assays were used to explore the roles of SNHG20 and miR-140-5p in cervical cancer cells. Luciferase assay and Western blot were used to explore the underlying mechanisms of SNHG20 and miR-140-5p in cervical cancer progression. Results: QRT-PCR showed that SNHG20 expression was significantly increased in cervical cancer. MiR-140-5p acted as a downstream target of SNHG20. SNHG20 inhibition or miR-140-5p overexpression reduced cervical cancer cells proliferation and invasion ability. Furthermore, we identified that ADAM10 could act as a potential target of miR-140-5p. MEK/ERK signaling could be inhibited by miR-140-5p mimics in cervical cancer cells. In addition, ADAM10 overexpression abrogated the effect of miR-140-5p mimics on cervical cancer cells proliferation and invasion. Conclusions: Our study demonstrated that SNHG20 could function as an oncogenic lncRNA by regulating miR-140-5p-ADAM10 axis and MEK/ERK signaling pathway in cervical cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-616 promotes the progression of ovarian cancer by targeting TIMP2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a group of short (~20 nt) non?coding RNAs, play critical roles in the development and progression of ovarian cancer (OC). The role of miR?616, a recently identified cancer-associated miRNA, has never been examined in OC before. The present study demonstrated that the level of miR?616 was increased in OC tissues. A high miR?616 level was associated with poor tumor differentiation and advanced tumor-node-metastasis (TNM) stage. Survival analysis revealed that an elevated level of miR?616 was associated with poor prognosis of OC patients as demonstrated by decreased overall survival (OS) and disease?free survival (DFS). Overexpression of miR?616 promoted the migration, invasion as well as epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of A2780 cells. Knockdown of miR?616 inhibited these biological functions. Immunohistochemical (IHC) staining revealed that OC tissues with high miR?616 levels exhibited a significantly decreased level of E?cadherin and an increased level of N?cadherin. Furthermore, tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinases 2 (TIMP2) was confirmed to be a direct downstream target of miR?616. Inhibition of TIMP2 expression was required for the promoting effects of miR?616 on the metastasis and EMT of OC cells. Collectively, this study revealed that miR?616 promoted the progression of OC by enhancing cell migration, invasion and EMT."	1
"Title: Screening potential biomarkers for colorectal cancer based on circular RNA chips. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to screen colorectal cancer (CRC) tissue and adjacent tissue for differences in circular RNA (circRNA) expression, to analyze the related miRNAs and messenger RNAs (mRNAs), and to investigate the circRNA expression in CRC and its function. The circRNA expression profile was generated using CapitalBio microarray technology. The differentially expressed circRNAs were identified with GeneSpring 12.5 software. Subsequently, the related mRNAs of the differentially expressed circRNAs were annotated with the molecule annotation system (MAS) 3.0, and the diseases, pathways and functional enrichment analysis of these mRNAs were performed using the KEGG orthology?based annotation system (KOBAS) 3.0. In addition, the target miRNAs of differentially expressed circRNAs were screened using the miRanda algorithm. The circRNA/miRNA network was constructed for the top 8 most significant differentially expressed circRNAs with Cytoscape software 3.4.0. A total of 10,245 differentially expressed circRNAs were identified, including 6,264 upregulated ones, and 3,981 downregulated ones. The related mRNAs were enriched in 462 KEGG diseases, 411 FunDO, 669 NHGRI GWAS catalog, and 845 OMIM; and 1,334 Reactomes, 281 KEGG pathways, 117 PANTHER and 193 BioCyc; and 11,606 Gene Ontology (GO) terms. A total of 133 circRNA/miRNA pairs were involved in the circRNA/miRNA network. hsa_circ_0126897_CBC1 may be a potential biomarker for CRC, and the cell cycle was closely associated with the occurrence and development of CRC."	1
"Title: Overexpression of IL-9 induced by STAT3 phosphorylation is mediated by miR-155 and miR-21 in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Abstract: Interleukin?9 (IL?9) can function as both a positive and negative regulator of immune response, however the role of IL?9 in tumor immunity is poorly understood. Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is the most common chronic lympho?proliferative disorder. Twenty CLL patients from 2010 to 2011 were recruited in the study. Expression and phosphorylation of transcription factor STAT3 and differential microRNAs (miRs) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) from CLL patient samples were analyzed. In a previous study, we found a high level of IL?9 in CLL patients. Concomitantly, overexpression of pSTAT3, miR?155, and miR?21 were observed in PBMCs from CLL patients in the present study. To elucidate whether there was interaction among IL?9, STAT3, miR?155, and miR?21, MEC?1 cells were used for further study. Our results revealed that there was no detectable IL?9 in the culture medium of MEC?1 cells. However, the IL?9 protein could be detected using western blotting in MEC?1 cells. Notably, when recombinant human IL?9 (rIL?9) was added to the medium of culturing MEC?1 cells, the expression levels of pSTAT3 and IL?9 in MEC?1 cells were increased in a time?dependent manner, which could be blocked by STAT3 inhibitor. Both miR?155 and miR?21 could increase IL?9 expression, which could also be suppressed by the inhibitor of STAT3. Our data indicated that the existence of the novel 'extracellular IL?9/pSTAT3/miR?155/miR?21/intracellular IL?9' positive feedback system in CLL cells, provides a novel insight in the pathogenesis and possible therapeutic strategy of CLL."	1
"Title: HSPB8 promotes cancer cell growth by activating the ERK?CREB pathway and is indicative of a poor prognosis in gastric cancer patients. Abstract: Gastric cancer (GC) is one of the most commonly diagnosed malignancies worldwide, especially in East Asia. Discovery of new biomarker and the elucidation of the molecular mechanisms involved in GC development and progression continue to be important issues for both researchers and clinicians. In the present study, we report that siRNA knockdown of heat shock protein family B (small) member 8 (HSPB8) inhibited the proliferation of GC cells and promoted their apoptosis. Analysis of TCGA dataset indicated that the HSPB8 expression level was strongly positively correlated with the KEGG MAPK signaling pathway (P<0.001, FDR=0.006) and BIOCARTA CREB pathway (P=0.006, FDR=0.043). The association between HSPB8 and the ERK?CREB pathway was confirmed by western blot analysis and we found that pERK and pCREB were significantly decreased following HSPB8 knockdown. Downstream genes of the ERK?CREB pathway were all significantly decreased following HSPB8 knockdown. By evaluating the survival of TCGA GC patients, we found that patients with a high HSPB8 level exhibited significantly worse prognosis than those with low HSPB8 in both overall survival (OS) (log?rank ?2=10.60, P=0.001) and disease?free survival (DFS) (log?rank ?2=11.31, P<0.001). The methylation level of HSPB8 DNA was significantly negatively associated with its expression (R=?0.1368, P=0.041), and positively associated with OS (log?rank ?2=10.60, P=0.001). In conclusion, we provide evidence that HSPB8 promotes cancer cell growth by activating the ERK?CREB pathway and may serve as a potential prognostic factor in GC patients."	1
"Title: Microvesicles shed from bortezomib-treated or lenalidomide-treated human myeloma cells inhibit angiogenesis in vitro. Abstract: Angiogenesis plays a significant role in the pathogenesis of multiple myeloma (MM). Microvesicles (MVs), a type of extracellular vesicles, are known as important players in cell-to-cell communication. MM-derived MVs have exhibited the activity of promoting angiogenesis. Bortezomib and lenalidomide are important drugs for treating myeloma. Therefore, the aim of the present study was to investigate whether and how MVs secreted from human myeloma cells exposed to bortezomib and lenalidomide affect angiogenesis. RPMI-8226 human myeloma cells and human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs) were used. MVs were isolated from the drug-treated RPMI-8226 cells. The number of the MVs were analyzed with flow cytometry. The expression of pro-angiogenic factors was analyzed with PCR and ELISA. The angiogenic potential of HUVECs was examined. NF-?B activation was analyzed using PCR, immunofluorescent staining and western blotting assays. We showed that bortezomib treatment induced an increase in the number of MVs shed from myeloma cells, but the number of MVs was not significantly altered by lenalidomide. The expression levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), interleukin 6 (IL-6) and basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) were reduced in the MVs from the RPMI-8226 cells exposed to bortezomib and lenalidomide. Consequently, these MVs exhibited reduced angiogenic potential, as evaluated by wound healing tests, Boyden chamber assays and tube formation assays. Co-culturing HUVECs with drug-treated MVs inhibited NF-?B activation in the HUVECs and reduced the secretion of pro-angiogenic factors. In conclusion, bortezomib and lenalidomide treatment of cultured myeloma cells can block MV-induced angiogenesis and hence provides another mechanism for anti-angiogenic therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-384 inhibits the progression of breast cancer by targeting ACVR1. Abstract: Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in females worldwide. Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) accounts for 15% of all breast cancer cases and has a poorer prognosis than other subtypes. Moreover, the treatment for breast cancer, especially for TNBC, remains unsatisfactory. Therefore, novel therapies are urgently needed. Microribonucleic acids (miRNAs) are a class of biomarkers and therapeutic targets in many types of cancers. In the present study, the expression of miR-384 was explored in GSE58606 and in fresh breast cancer tissues by qPCR. The results showed that miR-384 was decreased in breast cancer, especially in TNBC. The results of MTT, colony formation, soft agar, Transwell migration, wound healing and the tumorigenesis assay demonstranted that overexpression of miR-384 inhibited the proliferation and migration of breast cancer in vitro and in vivo; knockdown of miR-384 enhanced the proliferation and migration of breast cancer. In addition, luciferase assay showed that Activin A receptor type 1 (ACVR1) was a direct target of miR-384 and is involved in the inhibitory effects of miR-384 on breast cancer progression. Furthermore, this study indicated that ACVR1 activated the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway in breast cancer. In conclusion, our findings revealed functional and mechanistic links between miR-384 and ACVR1 in the progression of breast cancer. miR-384 not only plays an important role in the progression of breast cancer, but has promise as a potential therapeutic target for breast cancer especially for TNBC."	1
"Title: MALAT1 affects ovarian cancer cell behavior and patient survival. Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is one of the most lethal malignancies of the female reproductive organs. Increasing evidence has revealed that long non?coding RNAs (lncRNAs) participate in tumorigenesis. Metastasis associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) is an lncRNA and plays a role in various types of tumors. However, the function of MALAT1 on cellular behavior in EOC remains unclear. The current study explored the expression of MALAT1 in ovarian cancer tissues and in EOC cell lines. Quantitative RT?PCR analysis revealed that the expression of MALAT1 was higher in human ovarian malignant tumor tissues and EOC cells than in normal ovarian tissues and non?tumorous human ovarian surface epithelial cells, respectively. By analyzing the online database Kaplan?Meier Plotter, MALAT1 was identified to be correlated with the overall survival (OS) and progression?free survival (PFS) of patients with ovarian cancer. Furthermore, knockdown of MALAT1 by small interfering RNA (siRNA) significantly decreased EOC cell viability, migration, and invasion. Finally, dual?luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that MALAT1 interacted with miR?143?3p, a miRNA that plays a role in EOC as demonstrated in our previous study. Inhibition of MALAT1 resulted in an increase of miR?143?3p expression, leading to a decrease of CMPK protein expression. In conclusion, our results indicated that MALAT1 was overexpressed in EOC. Silencing of MALAT1 decreased EOC cell viability and inhibited EOC cell migration and invasion. These data revealed that MALAT1 may serve as a new therapeutic target of human EOC."	1
"Title: miR?186 functions as a tumor suppressor in osteosarcoma cells by suppressing the malignant phenotype and aerobic glycolysis. Abstract: Osteosarcoma (OS) is the most common primary bone malignancy among children and adolescents. Deregulation of microRNAs has been well documented in OS, while the putative effects of miR?186 have not been identified yet. In the present study, we assessed the expression of miR?186 in a cohort of 40 OS tissues and explored its effects on OS cells. As expected, miR?186 was suppressed in OS tissues compared with relative normal tissues. Overexpression of miR?186 inhibited cell proliferation, arrested the cell cycle progression and suppressed the cell invasion of the HOS and U2 OS cell lines. These results indicated the tumor?suppressive role of miR?186 in OS. Among the target genes of miR?186, we found that pituitary tumor transforming gene 1 (PTTG1) may be a target gene of miR?186 in OS and that the overexpression of PTTG1 could partially abolish miR?186?mediated suppressive effects on OS cells. Aerobic glycolysis is the major way of energy supply and is one of the characteristic phenotypes of tumor cells. In addition, we found that overexpression of miR?186 significantly suppressed the expression of hypoxia?inducible factor 1 (HIF?1) and inhibited the glucose uptake and lactate production of OS cells. Collectively, our findings demonstrated that miR?186 functions as a tumor suppressor in OS cells partially by targeting PTTG1 and that HIF?1?mediated suppression of aerobic glycolysis may be also involved in its suppressive effects."	1
"Title: miR-197 is downregulated in cervical carcinogenesis and suppresses cell proliferation and invasion through targeting forkhead box M1. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the second most common type of cancer in females worldwide. It has been demonstrated that microRNAs (miRs) serve important roles in the occurrence and development of various types of cancer, including cervical cancer. The results of the present study revealed that miR-197 was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Restoration of miR-197 expression significantly inhibited cell viability and invasion of cervical cancer. Additionally, forkhead box M1 (FOXM1) was identified as a direct target gene of miR-197. Bioinformatic analysis revealed that FOXM1 was a potential target gene of miR-197. Luciferase reporter assay, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis demonstrated that miR-197 decreased FOXM1 expression through direct binding to its 3'-untranslated region. Furthermore, the effects of FOXM1 underexpression were comparable with the effects induced by miR-197 overexpression in cervical cancer cells, suggesting that FOXM1 acted as a downstream effector in miR-197-mediated proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells. The results of the present study suggested that miR-197 inhibited growth and metastasis of cervical cancer by directly targeting FOXM1."	1
"Title: Significance of Lysyl oxidase?like 2 gene expression on the epithelial?mesenchymal status of hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: In the present study, we investigated the role of lysyl oxidase?like 2 (LOXL2), the correlation between LOXL2 and epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) and the effects of using ??aminopropionitrile (BAPN) to inhibit LOXL2 with the aim of reducing tumor progression in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). The expression level of LOXL2 was evaluated in HCC and adjacent non?cancerous tissues using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and clinicopathological analyses. The effects of BAPN on cell proliferation, migration and invasion were investigated in vitro. Additionally, LOXL2 expression was assessed in the culture supernatants of HCC cell lines. Our results revealed that LOXL2 expression was higher in HCC cell lines and tissues. There was a significant correlation between EMT status and LOXL2 levels (P=0.004). BAPN reduced migration and invasion in HCC cells. HCC patients with high levels of LOXL2 expression had relatively shorter disease?free survival (P=0.009) and overall survival (P=0.035). The expression level of LOXL2 was similar between cell supernatants and HCC cell lines. A multivariate analysis demonstrated that portal vein invasion (P=0.015), venous invasion (P=0.026), serum AFP (??fetoprotein) levels (P=0.019) and LOXL2 expression (P=0.009) were independent prognostic factors. Our results indicated that a higher level of LOXL2 may contribute to tumor progression, indicating that LOXL2 has clinical value as a therapeutic target in HCC."	1
"Title: Resveratrol decreases Rad51 expression and sensitizes cisplatin?resistant MCF?7 breast cancer cells. Abstract: Resveratrol (RES), a polyphenol compound with anti?proliferative properties, has been previously evaluated for its beneficial effects against a variety of tumour cells. The current study elucidated the means by which RES enhances the anti?proliferative effects of cisplatin (CIS) on MCF?7 cells, focusing on the inhibitory effects on DNA repair of double?strand breaks (DSBs). Chemoresistant MCF?7 cells (MCF?7R) were generated by continuous exposure to low concentrations of CIS (10 µM CIS?IC40) during 5 passages, with the IC50 value increasing ~3?fold. Using an MTT assay, we estimated the changes in IC50 for CIS in MCF?7, T47?D, MDA?MB?231 and MCF?7R cells in the presence of RES. The relative transcript level of Nbs?1, Mre?11 and Rad?50 genes was assessed using RT?qPCR analysis. Rad51 and H2AX [pSer139] protein expression was determined by western blot analysis. RES at 50 and 100 µM significantly enhanced the anti?proliferative effects of CIS in both MCF?7 and MCF?7R cells, decreasing the IC50 values for CIS to one?tenth and one?sixth, respectively. A total of 100 µM RES decreased the relative transcript levels of homologous recombination (HR) initiation complex components and the Rad51 protein level in MCF?7 and MCF?7R cells. After 48 h of CIS DNA damage, the levels of Rad51 protein increased, but this effect was inhibited by 100 µM RES. RES also maintained serine 139 phosphorylation of histone H2AX, suggesting that RES prevents the repair of DSBs. It was observed that RES exerts an antagonistic effect over CIS on the activation of Rad51 and sustained phosphorylation of H2AX. The results suggest that RES in combination with DNA damage?based therapy has potential as a strategy to overcome resistance and provide much safer and more effective treatment for breast cancer."	1
"Title: Long noncoding RNA FOXD2-AS1 accelerates the gemcitabine-resistance of bladder cancer by sponging miR-143. Abstract: Increasing evidences have proved that long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) modulate the tumorigenesis of bladder cancer involved in multiple pathophysiological processes. In the study, we investigate the role of lncRNA FOXD2-AS1 in the gemcitabine (GEM) resistant bladder cancer and explore its potential mechanism. Results showed that lncRNA FOXD2-AS1 was high-expressed in gemcitabine-resistant bladder cancer cells. In vitro experiments, FOXD2-AS1 knockdown suppressed the 50% inhibitive concentration (IC50) of gemcitabine, drug-resistance related genes (MDR1, MRP2, LRP1) expression, invasion and ABCC3 protein expression in gemcitabine-resistant bladder cancer cells (T24/GEM, 5637/GEM). In vivo of xenograft assay, FOXD2-AS1 knockdown inhibited the tumor growth of bladder cancer cells. Bioinformatics program and validation experiments confirmed that FOXD2-AS1 positively regulated ABCC3 protein through targeting miR-143, acting as a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA). In summary, our results revealed the vital roles of FOXD2-AS1/miR-143/ABCC3 axis in gemcitabine resistance of bladder cancer cells, providing a novel therapeutic strategy for bladder cancer."	1
"Title: Downregulation of RPN2 induces apoptosis and inhibits migration and invasion in colon carcinoma. Abstract: The morbidity of colorectal cancer (CRC) increases annualy, which accounts to higher mortality worldwide. Therefore, it is important to study the pathogenesis of colon cancer. Ribophorin II (RPN2), part of the N-oligosaccharyltransferase complex, is highly expressed in CRC. In the present study, we investigated whether RPN2 can regulate apoptosis, migration and invasion by RNA interference in CRC and sought to clarify the molecular mechanism involved. Based on previous research, an abnormal high expression of RPN2 was observed in CRC tissues and cell lines by real-time (RT)-PCR, immunohistochemistry (IHC) and western blot analysis. RPN2 knockdown via small RNA interference (siRNA) strategy attenuated the expression of RPN2 at the mRNA and protein levels in vivo, leading to decreased cell viability and increased cell apoptosis. In addition, RNAi-RPN2 effectively arrested the cell cycle at the G0/G1-phase in SW1116 and SW480 cells. Furthermore, the Transwell assay demonstrated that cell migration and invasion abilities were significantly inhibited after cell transfection with RPN2 interference plasmid. The apoptosis-related protein (caspase-3) expression was increased and the cell cycle-related protein (cyclin D1) expression was decreased in the siRNA-RPN2 group. RT-PCR and western blot analysis results indicated that migration- and invasion-related proteins including E-cadherin, matrix metalloproteinases (MMP)-2 and TIMP-2 were markedly regulated by RPN2 siRNA. Phosphorylation levels of signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT)3 and Janus kinase (JAK)2 were inhibited by RPN2 siRNA. These findings indicated a novel pathway of tumor-promoting activity by RPN2 in CRC, with significant implications for unraveling the tumorigenesis of CRC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-125b inhibits cell proliferation and induces cell apoptosis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by targeting BMF. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to regulate the expression of genes by suppressing translation or facilitating mRNA decay. Their expression regulates a wide variety of cellular processes, including the development and progression of cancer. Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) is a malignant cancer with high morbidity and recurrence in Asia. In the present study, the biological function of miR-125b and its underlying mechanism in ESCC were explored. The results revealed that miR-125b expression was significantly decreased in ESCC tissues and cell lines. A decrease in miR-125b was markedly related to lymphatic metastasis in patients. Functional analysis revealed that the overexpression of miR-125b using miR-125b mimics significantly inhibited cell growth and induced cell apoptosis, and increased the G1 phase of the cell cycle in EC109 and EC9706 cells. Notably, the miR-125b inhibitors revealed the opposite effect. Additionally, overexpression of miR-125b significantly inhibited tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore, BCL-2-modifying factor (BMF) was considered to be a potential candidate target of miR-125b based on miRNA target databases. miR-125b negatively regulated BMF expression by directly binding to its 3'-untranslated region. BMF was a functional target of miR-125b in the regulation of cell proliferation, cell apoptosis and the cell cycle in EC109 and EC9706 cells. In clinical ESCC specimens, BMF expression was upregulated, and negatively correlated with that of miR-125b. In conclusion, miR-125b had an antitumor role in ESCC cells mediated by targeting BMF, which can be potentially useful for tumorigenesis in ESCC."	1
"Title: ClC-3 chloride channel protein induces G1 arrest in hepatocellular carcinoma Hep3B cells. Abstract: ClC-3 is a type of chloride channel that has multiple functions in tumorigenesis and tumor growth, and can be blocked by DIDS (4,4'-diisothiocyanostilbene-2,2'-disulfonic acid). In the present study, we found that DIDS inhibited the proliferation of Hep3B hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells in a concentration-dependent manner. More in-depth research demonstrated that DIDS downregulated the protein expression levels of cyclin D1 and cyclin E, which are key proteins of the G1 phase. Additionally, we found that ClC-3 siRNA transfection induced G1 arrest in the Hep3B cells, confirming that ClC-3 is involved in the DIDS-induced inhibition of Hep3B cells. Moreover, the level of ?-fetoprotein (AFP), a negative prognostic indicator of HCC, was decreased after treatment with DIDS and ClC-3 siRNA. In conclusion, we demonstrated that ClC-3 can arrest the cell cycle at the G1 phase to inhibit cell proliferation, suggesting that ClC-3 has the potential to be a novel target for HCC therapy and potentially improve the prognosis of HCC patients."	1
"Title: Downregulation of occludin affects the proliferation, apoptosis and metastatic properties of human lung carcinoma. Abstract: Lung cancer is the most frequent and deadliest cancer in the world, especially in China. However, the molecular mechanisms involved in lung cancer remain unclear. Occludin (OCLN), one of the first identified tight junction proteins, has been revealed to be a necessary integral protein for tight junction structure and function. In the present study, we investigated the role of occludin in lung tumorigenesis. We found that occludin protein expression was highly increased in human lung cancer patient samples. Western blotting results also revealed that occludin expression was different in several lung cancer cell lines, with the highest level in SPC?A1 cells. Moreover, occludin knockdown inhibited lung cancer cell proliferation in vitro and in vivo. In addition, occludin knockdown promoted the apoptosis of lung cancer cell lines and reduced the invasion ability. Mechanistically, the activity of key growth pathway AKT/PI3K was compromised after occludin knockdown. Expression of apoptosis?related proteins, BAX, caspase?3, caspase?9 and AIF, but not Bcl?2, were upregulated after silencing of occludin. Collectively, our findings for the first time identify the role of occludin as a tumor promoter and a pro?metastatic factor in lung cancer, demonstrating that occludin is a potential prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target in lung cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-150 inhibits the proliferation and metastasis potential of colorectal cancer cells by targeting iASPP. Abstract: In the present study, the function of miR-150 and its downstream target iASPP in the growth and metastasis of colorectal cancer (CRC) cells was investigated. The expression of miR-150 and iASPP was first investigated in clinical CRC samples. Subsequently, the effects of miR-150 overexpression and iASPP inhibition on cell viability, cell cycle distribution, apoptosis, migration and invasion were detected with CCK-8, flow cytometry, scratch and Transwell assays. The interaction between miR-150 and iASPP was confirmed using a dual-luciferase assay. Subsequently, the key role of iASPP in the anti-CRC function of miR-150 was assessed by inducing the expression of the gene in miR-150 overexpressed SW480 cells. In clinical samples, the level of miR-150 was downregulated, while iASPP was induced. Enforced expression of miR-150 decreased the viability, induced G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis, and inhibited the migration and invasion of SW480 cells. Knockdown of iASPP exerted a similar effect on SW480 cells to that of the overexpression of miR-150. Dual-luciferase assay demonstrated that miR-150 directly bound to iASPP and inhibited its transcription. The function of miR-150 depended on the inhibition of iASPP; induced expression of iASPP in miR-150-knockdown SW480 and HCT116 cells restored cell viability, migration and invasion while inhibiting G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Increased expression of miR-150 suppressed viability, proliferation, migration and invasion of SW480 cells. Furthermore, iASPP was a direct target of miR-150 and played a key role in its anti-CRC function. miR-150 may be a promising predictor of prognosis in CRC patients."	1
"Title: miR-142-5p regulates CD4+ T cells in human non-small cell lung cancer through PD-L1 expression via the PTEN pathway. Abstract: The present study aimed to evaluate the function of microRNA (miR)-142-5p on cancer immunity to induce apoptosis in human non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and its mechanism. miR-142-5p expression was upregulated, and CD4+ T cell levels were reduced in patients with NSCLC. Overexpression of miR-142-5p expression inhibited the cancer effects of CD4+ T cells on NSCLC cell lines, and downregulation of miR-142-5p increased the cancer effects of CD4+ T cells on NSCLC cell lines, compared with the control group. In addition, we found that overexpression of miR-142-5p suppressed PTEN protein expression and induced PI3K, p-Akt and PD-L1 protein expression in an in vitro model of NSCLC. Downregulation of miR-142-5p induced PTEN and PD-L1 protein expression and suppressed PI3K and p-Akt and protein expression in an in vitro model of NSCLC. The suppression of PD-L1 reduced the cancer effects of CD4+ T cells on NSCLC cell lines following miR-142-5p downregulation. The inhibition of PTEN also reduced the cancer effects of CD4+ T cells on NSCLC cell lines following miR-142-5p downregulation. Therefore, our study demonstrated that miR-142-5p regulated CD4+ T cells in human NSCLC through PD-L1 expression via the PTEN pathway."	1
"Title: Umbilical cord?derived mesenchymal stem cells can inhibit the biological functions of melanoma A375 cells. Abstract: Tumor tropism is an important property of mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) that has been used in tumor?targeting therapies. However, the effects of MSCs on tumors remain controversial. The aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of MSCs on A375 melanoma cells. Umbilical cord?derived mesenchymal stem cells (UCMSCs) were co?cultured with A375 cells. MTT and Transwell assays were used to assess cell proliferation and invasion, while flow cytometry was performed to detect the apoptosis and the cell cycle distribution of A375 cells. The expression levels of kinases were assayed by western blotting and fluorescence analysis was conducted to detect cytoskeletal rearrangement. The results clearly indicated that UCMSCs could inhibit the proliferation, induce apoptosis and suppress the invasion of A375 cells. Mechanistic studies revealed decreased expression of several kinases (AKT, STAT3 and mTOR) and UCMSCs were also found to promote cytoskeletal rearrangement in A375 cells. These results confirmed that UCMSCs exert antitumor effects on melanoma A375 cells."	1
"Title: CHAF1B knockdown blocks migration in a hepatocellular carcinoma model. Abstract: The roles and model of action of the chromatin assembly complex factor-1B (CHAF1B) gene in liver cancer have not been fully elucidated. The CHAF1B gene in human hepatocellular carcinoma cell line HUH-7 was knocked down using a lentivirus and the transfected cells were assayed for migration and invasion abilities and cell cycle arrest using the scratch wound healingand Transwell assays as well as flow cytometry, respectively. Cells transfected with an empty vector were used as the control. The expression of genes was profiled. Models were constructed using CHAF1B-knockdown cells and investigated for tumor growth and pathological changes. Our experiments revealed that the knockdown of the CHAF1 gene reduced the invasion and migration ability of HUH-7 cells. Gene expression profiling revealed that after knockdown, PSMB6, SLC30A7, SMC3, TWF2 and BLM genes had the most marked changes as compared with the control. Western blot and RT-PCR analyses revealed that following the knockdown of the CHAF1B gene, protein and mRNA levels of the PSMB6, SLC30A7 and SMC3 genes were significantly upregulated, while those of the BLM and TWF2 genes were significantly downregulated. In the HUH-7-knockdown cells, there were significantly fewer G0/G1 cells and more S1 cells as compared with the control (36.10 vs. 54.10% and 59.7 vs. 40.8%, respectively), while the number of G2/M cells was similar (4.20 vs. 5.10%). The volumes of the tumors were similar between those injected with the empty vector and control, but were significantly smaller in the knockdown models, suggesting that the knockdown of the CHAF1B gene inhibited tumor growth. H&E staining revealed that tumors were developed in mice in all groups."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA GAS5 inhibits ovarian cancer cell proliferation via the control of microRNA-21 and SPRY2 expression. Abstract: In recent decades, numerous long non-coding (lnc)RNAs, including growth arrest-specific transcript 5 (GAS5), have been demonstrated to exert promoting or suppressive effects in human cancers. Decreased expression of the lncRNA GAS5 was reported to promote cell proliferation, migration and invasion and indicate poor prognosis in ovarian cancer. However, the exact underlying molecular mechanism through which GAS5 is involved in ovarian cancer growth remains unknown. The present study aimed to investigate the regulatory mechanism of GAS5 in ovarian cancer cell proliferation. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot analysis were used to examine RNA and protein expression, respectively. An MTT assay was used to examine cell proliferation. A luciferase reporter gene assay was conducted to verify the targeting relationship. It was identified that the expression levels of GAS5 and Sprouty homolog 2 (SPRY2) were significantly downregulated, while the expression level of microRNA (miR)-21 was significantly upregulated in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines compared with adjacent non-tumor tissues and normal ovarian epithelial cells, respectively. Downregulation of GAS5 was significantly associated with advanced clinical stage. Luciferase assay data indicated that miR-21 was a direct target of GAS5 and that SPRY2 was a target gene of miR-21 in ovarian cancer-derived A2780 cells. GAS5 overexpression significantly inhibited the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells, which was accompanied by the downregulation of miR-21 and the upregulation of SPRY2. The overexpression of miR-21 caused a significant decrease in A2780 cell proliferation, which was accompanied by reduced SPRY2 expression. Furthermore, miR-21 overexpression attenuated the suppressive effects of GAS5 on A2780 cell proliferation and rescued the promoting effects of GAS5 on SPRY2 expression. In addition, the knockdown of SPRY2 also rescued the suppressive effects of GAS5 on the proliferation of A2780 cells. In summary, our study demonstrates that GAS5 exerts a suppressive effect on the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells, at least in part via the inhibition of miR-21 expression and subsequent increased SPRY2 expression. These findings suggest that the GAS5/miR-21/SPRY2 signaling pathway may be a potential therapeutic target in ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: MiR-613 promotes cell proliferation and invasion in cervical cancer via targeting PTPN9. Abstract: To investigate the potential effects of miR-613 on the development of cervical cancer (CC) and the relevant mechanism. Patients and methods: The expression level of miR-613 was detected in CC tissues and cells (siHa) by comparing with corresponding adjacent normal tissues and normal human embryonic kidney cells (293T). Luciferase assay was performed to evaluate the interaction between miR-613 and PTPN9. The effects of the miR-613 on siHa cells were determined by subsequent experiments including cell proliferation, invasion and migration. Results: In our study, miR-613 was found up-regulated in CC tissues and the same result was found at cellular level. The potential target of miR-613 was analyzed by three public databases. We found that tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type 9 (PTPN9) was a direct target of miR-613, and Luciferase assays confirmed our hypothesis. The subsequent experiments showed that decreased expression of PTPN9 resulting from up-regulation of miR-613 could promote the cell proliferation, invasion and migration of CC cells. Conclusions: We showed the promotion function of miR-613 on CC by targeting PTPN9 and revealed that miR-613/PTPN9 axis might be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of CC."	1
"Title: miR?218 promotes apoptosis of SW1417 human colon cancer cells by targeting c?FLIP. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are suggested to act as either tumor oncogenes or tumor suppressors in different types of cancer. miRNA?218 (miR?218) is a type of short, non-coding RNA which is involved in gastric cancer development. In the present study, we evaluated the functions of miR?218 in SW1417 human colon cancer cells and its potential mechanisms. Following overexpression of miR?218 in human colon cancer cells, cell viability was determined by CKK?8 assay, cell apoptosis was observed using a TUNEL Kit, the expression of caspase?8, and its inhibitor cellular Fas?associated death domain?like interleukin?1??converting enzyme inhibitory protein (c?FLIP) was assessed by RT?PCR, western blot analysis and immunohistochemistry. The results indicated that miR?218 and caspase?8 expression was decreased while c?FLIP expression was elevated in human colon cancer tissues. In cultured SW1417 human colon cancer cells, miR?218 overexpression potently inhibited cell viability and promoted cell apoptosis. Furthermore, downregulation of c?FLIP expression and upregulation of caspase?8 expression were detected in miR?218?stimulated SW1417 cells. In addition, following the knockdown of c?FLIP using c?FLIP siRNA, the apoptotic effects of miR?218 on SW1417 cells were significantly reduced. Collectively, the present study demonstrated that miR?218 induced the apoptosis of SW1417 cells by targeting c?FLIP. Therefore, miR?218 may represent a potential therapeutic method for screening and treating colon cancer."	1
"Title: Upregulated miR?20a?5p expression promotes proliferation and invasion of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cells by targeting of TNFRSF21. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in regulation of proliferation, migration, and invasion of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). The present study assessed expression, functions and mechanisms of miR?20a?5p in the regulation of HNSCC cell proliferation, migration and invasion. miR?20a?5p expression in HNSCC cell lines and tissues was detected using qRT?PCR, while miR?20a?5p mimics and inhibitor were transfected into HNSCC cells for assessment of the effects using different assays (CCK?8, wound healing and Transwell assays) and expression of miR?20a?5p?targeting genes (using western blot and luciferase reporter assays). The data revealed that miR?20a?5p was upregulated in both HNSCC tissues and metastatic HNSCC cells. Upregulated miR?20a?5p expression in HNSCC cells promoted tumor cell proliferation, migration and invasion capacities, but resulted in downregulation of TNFRSF21 expression and in turn upregulation of C?C motif chemokine receptor 7 (CCR7) in HNSCC cells. Concordantly, knockdown of miR?20a?5p in HNSCC had the opposite results. In conclusion, miR?20a?5p functioned as an oncogene in HNSCC by downregulating TNFRSF21 and subsequently, upregulating CCR7 expression."	1
"Title: G?protein?coupled receptor 120 regulates the development and progression of human esophageal cancer. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of G?protein coupled receptor 120 (GPR120) in esophageal cancer and explore the related mechanisms. The expression of GPR120 in esophageal cancer tissues was examined by immunohistochemistry. Correlation analysis was performed to investigate the association between the level of GPR120 and clinical parameters. The expression of GPR120 was evaluated in esophageal cancer cell lines and the effects of GPR120 on cell proliferation, clone formation, migration and invasion were evaluated in an in vitro cell model and an in vivo ectopic tumor nude mice model. In addition, the effect of GPR120 on epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT), PI3K and I??B pathway, as well as angiogenesis and inflammation?related cytokines was explored in order to elucidate the underlying mechanisms. Significantly increased expression of GPR120 was observed in esophageal cancer tissues compared to normal tissues. The expression of GPR120 was significantly related with histological grade, TNM stage and lymph node metastasis. GPR120 knockdown significantly decreased cell proliferation, clone formation, migration and invasion in vitro and decreased tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore significantly increased levels of E?cadherin and decreased levels of N?cadherin and vimentin, decreased level of Akt phosphorylation and I??B phosphorylation, as well as decreased levels of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), interleukin?8 (IL?8) and cyclooxygenase?2 (Cox?2) and its corresponding protein PGE2 were observed as the underlying mechanisms. In conclusion, we observed an increased level of GPR120 in esophageal cancer tissues, which served as a positive regulator of the development and progression of esophageal cancer. Multiple mechanisms including EMT, PI3K and I??B pathway, as well as angiogenesis and inflammation?related cytokines were involved."	1
"Title: Oct4 promotes cancer cell proliferation and migration and leads to poor prognosis associated with the survivin/STAT3 pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Octamer?binding transcription factor 4 (Oct4) has been identified as a novel transcription factor associated with tumorigenesis, acquisition and maintenance of cancer stem cell characteristics and poor prognosis in tumors. However, the role of Oct4 in tumorigenesis and progression of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) has not yet been fully elucidated. In our present study, we observed that the Oct4 expression level was upregulated in HCC specimens as well as in different HCC cell lines. In in vitro experiments, decreased expression of Oct4 by shRNA inhibited the viability and mobility of HCC cells. Furthermore, the loss of Oct4 inhibited HCC cell malignant progression accompanied by downregulated expression of the survivin/signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) pathway. Liver cancer patients with high expression of Oct4 exhibited significantly shorter overall and disease?free survival. These findings demonstrated that Oct4 plays a vital role in the malignant progression of HCC cells through the survivin/STAT3 signaling pathway, and it may prove to be a novel biomarker associated with patient prognosis and survival."	1
"Title: Trop2 is a potential biomarker for the promotion of EMT in human breast cancer. Abstract: Trop2 is considered to have an important function in tumor metastasis and the promotion of epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT). E?cadherin is a crucial factor in intercellular adhesion and EMT transformation. In the present study, we detected the expression of Trop2 and E?cadherin in breast cancer (BC) to better define their prognostic value. The mRNA expression levels of these two genes in 20 cases of fresh BC tissues were detected by quantitative real?time polymerase chain reaction (qRT?PCR). We also detected the expression levels of these two genes by immunohistochemistry (IHC) in 312 BC tissues, and the correlations between the expression of these two genes and the clinicopathological characteristics in BC patients were analyzed. The mRNA and protein expression levels of the two genes in BC cell lines were studied by qRT?PCR and western blotting. The results indicated that Trop2+/E?cadherin? was expressed in BC tissues more than that in the matched adjacent tissues. The protein expression results obtained via IHC were similar to the mRNA expression results. Trop2+/E?cadherin? that was expressed in BC was associated with lymph node status, metastasis, tumor?node?metastasis (TNM) stage, and ER?/PR?/HER2? expression. BC patients that expressed Trop2+/E?cadherin? had poor overall survival rates. The results of Trop2 and E?cadherin expression levels obtained in the BC cell lines were the same as those obtained in the BC tissues. Overall, Trop2 has a potential role in the promotion of EMT in BC and it could be considered as a therapeutic target in the future."	1
"Title: Enhanced expression of SETDB1 possesses prognostic value and promotes cell proliferation, migration and invasion in nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Abstract: SETDB1, an H3K9?specific histone methyltransferase, has been described as a repressed transcription marker which triggers tumorigenesis of many types of human cancer. However, there are few studies elucidating the relationship between SETDB1 and nasopharyngeal carcinoma. In the present study, we confirmed that SETDB1 exhibited higher expression levels in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) tissues and cell lines, compared to these levels in non?tumor tissues and a normal human nasopharyngeal epithelial cell line. Kaplan?Meier analysis showed that higher SETDB1 expression indicated an unfavorable prognosis for NPC patients, making it an independent prognostic factor for NPC in the COX proportional hazards model. In vitro functional studies revealed that upregulation of SETDB1 expression in CNE1 cells promoted cell proliferation, possibly through cell cycle G1/S phase transition. Moreover, it also enhanced cell migration and invasion ability. Downregulation of SETDB1 expression in 5?8F cells resulted in the opposite response. Overall, the findings indicated that increased expression of SETDB1 may predict poor overall survival and the malignant phenotype of NPC."	1
"Title: Identification of the potential oncogenes in glioblastoma based on bioinformatic analysis and elucidation of the underlying mechanisms. Abstract: Glioblastoma (GBM) is a common malignant tumour in the human brain, but its molecular mechanisms have not been systematically evaluated. The aim of this study was to identify potential key oncogenes associated with the progression of GBM and to elucidate their mechanisms. The gene expression profile of GSE50161, selected from the Gene Expression Omnibus database, was analysed to find cancer?associated genes and gene functions in GBM. In total, 486 differentially expressed genes, including 128 upregulated genes, were identified. The function and pathway enrichment of these genes were analysed through Gene Ontology and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes analyses. Survival analysis for three selected partially upregulated genes, CDK1, CCNB1 and CDC20, showed that their high expression was significantly associated with poor survival in GBM. CDK1 was selected for validation of its function and molecular mechanism in GBM. This gene was significantly overexpressed in GBM cancer tissues and cells compared with normal control cells. In addition, knockdown of CDK1 clearly inhibited GBM cell proliferation. Notably, we demonstrated that CDK1 was involved in the Akt signalling pathway, where it promotes the process involved in GBM malignancy."	1
"Title: uc.338 targets p21 and cyclin D1 via PI3K/AKT pathway activation to promote cell proliferation in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Ultraconserved regions (UCRs) are 481 segments that have been strictly conserved among many mammalian species for hundreds of years. Their transcribed products belong to long non?coding RNAs and are closely involved in the progression of various tumors. uc.338 has been reported to promote cell proliferation in hepatocellular and lung cancers. However, the role of uc.338 in colorectal cancer (CRC) proliferation remains unclear. In the present study, we first detected the expression of uc.338 in human tissues and analyzed the relationship between uc.338 expression and clinical features of CRC. We then investigated the biological function of uc.338 in CRC proliferation in vitro and in vivo. Finally, we explored the potential mechanism by which uc.338 promotes the proliferation of CRC cells. Our results indicated that uc.338 was upregulated in CRC tissues and higher uc.338 expression was associated with a larger tumor size, deeper invasion, increased lymph node metastasis and poorer prognosis. Further investigations in vivo and in vitro revealed that uc.338 could promote proliferation and cell cycle G1/S transition, and might target p21 downregulation and cyclin D1 upregulation via the PI3K/AKT pathway in CRC cells. Thus, our findings suggested that uc.338 acts as an oncogene by promoting proliferation in CRC cells, and could become a novel target for CRC detection and therapy."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-508 suppresses epithelial-mesenchymal transition, migration, and invasion of ovarian cancer cells through the MAPK1/ERK signaling pathway. Abstract: Ovarian cancer (OC) is the sixth most common cancer in women worldwide. Despite advances in detection and therapies, it still represents the most lethal gynecologic malignancy in the industrialized countries. Unfortunately, the molecular events that lead to the development of this highly aggressive disease remain largely unknown. The study explored the ability of microRNA-508 (miR-508) to influence proliferation, migration, invasion, and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in OC cells. We quantified the level of miR-508 cancer tissues with corresponding adjacent normal tissues collected from 84 patients with OC. Human OC cells SKOV3 and A2780 were treated with negative control (NC), miR-508 mimics, miR-508 inhibitors, and miR-508 inhibitors + a specific MAPK/ERK kinase inhibitor (PD98059) to validate the interaction between miR-508 and MAPK/ERK signaling. The miR-508 expression level was lower while MAPK1 and ERK expression levels were higher in the cancer tissues than in the adjacent normal tissues. Dual-luciferase reporter assay indicated MAPK1 as a target gene of miR-508. The miR-508 mimics reduced the expression of MAPK1, p-MAPK1, ERK, p-ERK and Vimentin, inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and increased the expression of E-cadherin, while the miR-508 inhibitors resulted in an opposed trend in OC cells. The effects of miR-508 inhibitors on OC cells were lost when the MAPK1/ERK signaling pathway was inhibited by PD98059. Collectively, our data indicate that miR-508 plays a tumor suppressor role in the development and progression of OC and may be a novel therapeutic target against OC."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA LINC00339 facilitates the tumorigenesis of non-small cell lung cancer by sponging miR-145 through targeting FOXM1. Abstract: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is one of leading causes of cancer-related death worldwide. Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) has been identified to modulate the tumorigenesis of NSCLC. However, the precise molecular mechanism of lncRNAs in the course is still unclear. Results showed that LINC00339 was significantly up-regulated in NSCLC tissue and cells, which indicated the poor prognosis of NSCLC patients. Loss-of-function experiments showed that LINC00339 silencing inhibited the proliferation and invasion, accelerated the apoptosis, and suppressed the tumor growth of NSCLC cells in vitro and in vivo. Luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) revealed that LINC00339 promoted the NSCLC progression via FOXM1 via targeting miR-145. In conclusion, our results identify the important role of the LINC00339/miR-145/FOXM1 axis in the NSCLC tumorigenesis, providing neoteric mechanism for the NSCLC tumorigenesis."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?449a is a potential predictor of colitis?associated colorectal cancer progression. Abstract: An early diagnosis of colitis?associated colorectal cancer (CAC) is important for its clinical management. However, it is currently difficult to distinguish the different stages of CAC development. MicroRNA dysregulation is common in human colorectal disorders, however little is known regarding whether miRNA affects tumor progression by regulating inflammation. In the present study, we identified a novel miRNA (miR?449a), the expression of which was significantly reduced in CAC tissues than in paired adjacent non?cancerous tissues (ANTs). Notably, the level of miR?449a was in a markedly decreased pattern during the neoplastic transformation of ulcerative colitis (UC)?to?CAC, as demonstrated by both clinical investigations and the experimental mouse model induced by AOM/DSS treatment. In addition, we observed that decreased miR?449a expression was associated with advanced T or N status, later clinical stage and poor histological differentiation of CAC. Mechanistic studies revealed that miR?449a inhibited the growth and metastasis of human colon cancer cells by directly binding to the 3'?UTR of Notch?1 and thereby, suppressed the activation of the Notch signaling pathway. Therefore, these findings provide strong evidence for the translational potential of miR?449a in the discrimination of patients with UC that is likely to progress into CAC, from those unlikely to progress, as well as in the prognosis and diagnosis of CAC."	1
"Title: MiR-373-3p enhances the chemosensitivity of gemcitabine through cell cycle pathway by targeting CCND2 in pancreatic carcinoma cells. Abstract: This study aimed to detect the expression of miR-373-3p and CCND2 in gemcitabine-resistance pancreatic carcinoma (PC) cells, investigate the relationship between miR-373-3p and CCND2, and explore their effects on PC propagation, migration, invasion and apoptosis. Methods: R software was applied for analyzing differentially expressed genes (DEGs) in cell samples. The potential biological pathway was determined by Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway analysis, based on R software. The gemcitabine-resistance PC cells were screened out using MTT assay, and they were applied in the next experiments. MiR-373-3p and CCND2 expression in GEM-PANC-1 cells were measured by qRT-PCR. After transfection, the expression of CCND2 protein was examined via western blot assay. Cells viability and apoptosis were confirmed by MTT proliferation assay and Flow cytometry, whereas cells migration and invasion were analyzed by transwell assay. The targeting relationship between miR-373-3p and CCND2 was identified by dual-luciferase reporter assay. Results: MiR-373-3p was found to be low expressed in GEM-PANC-1 cells while CCND2 was highly expressed in GEM-PANC-1 cells. MiR-373-3p negatively regulated CCND2 expression through KEGG_Cell_Cycle_Signaling_Pathway. The targeted relationship between miR-373-3p and CCND2 could be verified using dual luciferase reporter assay. MTT proliferation assay, transwell assay and Annexin V assay demonstrated that miR-373-3p suppressed GEM-PANC-1 cells propagation and invasion and promoted cell apoptosis, while CCND2 showed totally reverse effects compared with miR-373-3p. All the results suggested that miR-373-3p could enhance the chemosensitivity of GEM-PANC-1 cells by regulating CCND2. Conclusion: MiR-373-3p inhibited cell propagation, migration and invasion and boosted apoptosis in gemcitabine resistance pancreatic carcinoma cells by targeting CCND2."	1
"Title: CircRNA_001569 promotes cell proliferation through absorbing miR-145 in gastric cancer. Abstract: Gastric cancer severely threatens human life, while its pathogenesis is still unclear. The present study was to explore the potential pathogenic mechanism underlying gastric cancer. Real-time PCR was performed to detect the expression of circRNA_001569 and miR-145; western blot was performed to detect the expression of NR4A2. Cell cycle and apoptosis was determined using flow cytometry, and cell viability was determined using Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay. Luciferase reporter assay was carried out to validate the relationship between miR-145 and NR4A2. Both circRNA_001569 and NR4A2 were overexpressed in tissues and cells of gastric cancer, while miR-145 was down-regulated. Overexpressed circRNA_001569 significantly increased cell viability, and decreased cell apoptosis, while down-regulated circRNA_001569 dramatically decreased cell viability and promoted cell apoptosis. CircRNA_001569 regulated the expression of miR-145, the effect of pcDNA-circRNA_001569 was abolished by miR-145 mimic and the effect of si-circRNA_001569 was abolished by miR-145 inhibitor. MiR-145 targets NR4A2 to regulate its expression. Overexpressed miR-145 suppressed cell viability and promoted cell apoptosis. Taken together, the present study indicated that overexpressed circRNA_001569 promoted cell viability of gastric cancer through suppressing the expression of miR-145, which was mediated by NR4A2. The research will provide great theoretical basis for further clinical diagnosis and therapy."	1
"Title: Peptidylarginine deiminase 4 overexpression resensitizes MCF-7/ADR breast cancer cells to adriamycin via GSK3?/p53 activation. Abstract: Adriamycin (ADR) is widely used in the clinical chemotherapy against breast cancer. But its efficacy is strongly limited due to the acquisition of multidrug resistance (MDR). Therefore, acquisition of the resistance to ADR is still a major cause of chemotherapy failure in breast cancer patients. Peptidylarginine deiminase IV (PAD4) is reported to target non-histone proteins for citrullination, regulate their substrate activities, and thereby play critical roles in maintaining cell phenotype in breast cancer cells. However, whether PAD4 is involved in the development of MDR in breast cancer is poorly understood. Materials and methods: We examined the expression of PAD family members, including PAD4 in ADR-resistant MCF-7 cells compared with the parental control cells by real-time PCR and Western blotting analyses. Rescue of PAD4 expression in MCF-7/ADR cells was performed to assess whether PAD4 could restore the sensitivity of MCF-7/ADR cells to ADR treatment with cell counting kit-8, flow cytometry, TUNEL, nuclear and cytoplasmic extract preparations, and immunofluorescence staining analyses. Results: Both PAD2 and PAD4 were significantly decreased in ADR-resistant cells. However, only PAD4 overexpression can increase the sensitivity of MCF-7/ADR cells to ADR treatment and decrease MDR1 gene expression. Overexpression of PAD4 in MCF-7/ADR cells inhibited cell proliferation by inducing cell apoptosis. Under ADR treatment, overexpression of PAD4 promoted nuclear accumulation of glycogen synthase kinase-3? and p53, which further activated proapoptotic gene expression and downregulated MDR1 expression. Moreover, PAD4 activity was required for activating proapoptotic gene transcripts. Conclusion: We demonstrate the previously unappreciated role of PAD4 in reversing ADR resistance in MCF-7/ADR cells and help establish PAD4 as a candidate biomarker of prognosis and chemotherapy target for MDR in breast cancers."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA LINC00346 promotes pancreatic cancer growth and gemcitabine resistance by sponging miR-188-3p to derepress BRD4 expression. Abstract: Long non-coding RNA LINC00346 has been recently suggested as a prognostic marker in pancreatic cancer. However, its biological function in pancreatic cancer has not yet been determined. In this study, we attempted to ascertain the role of LINC00346 in regulating the aggressiveness of pancreatic cancer. Methods: The effects of overexpression and knockdown of LINC00346 on the proliferation, cell cycle progression, apoptosis, and gemcitabine resistance were investigated. Bioinformatic analysis, luciferase reporter assay, and RNA immunoprecipitation assay were performed to search for potential microRNAs (miRs) that can interact with LINC00346. Results: Overexpression of LINC00346 significantly enhanced the proliferation, colony formation, and tumorigenesis of pancreatic cancer cells. Conversely, knockdown of LINC00346 suppressed pancreatic cancer cell proliferation and caused a cell-cycle arrest at the G2/M-phase. Depletion of LINC00346 also enhanced gemcitabine sensitivity in pancreatic cancer cells both in vitro and in vivo. Mechanistic investigation revealed that LINC00346 acted as a sponge for miR-188-3p and blocked the repression of BRD4 by miR-188-3p in pancreatic cancer cells. Clinical evidence indicated a negative correlation between LINC00346 and miR-188-3p in pancreatic cancer specimens. Rescue experiments showed that LINC00346 attenuated the growth-suppressing and chemosensitizing effects of miR-188-3p on pancreatic cancer cells. In addition, silencing of BRD4 significantly inhibited LINC00346-induced pancreatic cancer cell proliferation and colony formation. Conclusions: LINC00346 shows the ability to promote pancreatic cancer growth and gemcitabine resistance, which is in part mediated by antagonization of miR-188-3p and induction of BRD4. Targeting LINC00346 may improve gemcitabine-based therapeutic efficacy."	1
"Title: Leptin-elicited miRNA-342-3p potentiates gemcitabine resistance in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Although obesity (characterized by high levels of serum leptin) and deregulated expression of miRNAs are both functionally implicated in the pathogenesis of chemoresistance of pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC), the mechanistic link synchronize these two factors remain poorly understood. Here, we show that expression levels of obesity-associated miR-342-3p were significantly upregulated in gemcitabine (GEM)-resistant PDAC tissues and cells, and this upregulation was associated with poor postchemotherapy prognosis. Using pharmacological approaches, we observed that crosstalk between leptin and Notch signaling pathways regulated fundamentally the miR-342-3p expression in GEM-resistant PDAC cells. Functionally, forced expression of miR-342-3p exhibited a prosurvival effect and potentiated GEM resistance, whereas inhibition of miR-342-3p expression noticeably ameliorated chemosensitivity in GEM-resistant PDAC cells. By employing bioinformatics analysis, point mutation and luciferase reporter assays, we further identified the 3'-UTR of tumor suppressor Krüppel-like factor 6 (KLF6) as the direct target of miR-342-3p. Therapeutically, stable expression of the exogenous KLF6 was sufficient to abrogate the pro-survival effects of miR-342-3p in GEM-treated PDAC cells. Taken together, these results suggest that leptin-elicited miR-342-3p upregulation mediates, at least partially, the GEM resistance through inhibition of KLF6 signaling in PDAC. Considering the indispensable function of miR-342-3p during adipogenesis, this obesity-associated miRNA may operate as a novel posttranscriptional integrator linking lipid homeostasis and pancreatic chemoresistance."	1
"Title: Inhibition of hexokinases holds potential as treatment strategy for rheumatoid arthritis. Abstract: Abnormal glycolytic metabolism contributes to joint inflammation and destruction in rheumatoid arthritis (RA). We examine the expression and function of hexokinases in RA and evaluate the potential of their specific inhibitor for clinical treatment. Methods: Detection of HKs was assessed in synovial tissue by immunohistology and Western blot. SiRNA and a specific hexokinases inhibitor, lonidamine (LND), were used to evaluate the role of hexokinase-I/II (HK-I/II). Pro-inflammatory and glycolysis factors, cell viability, and apoptosis were assessed by ELISA, RT-qPCR, MTS, and flow cytometry. The clinical effects of LND on type II collagen-induced arthritis (CIA) in DBA-/1 mouse model was evaluated by scoring their clinical responses, synovitis, and cartilage destructions, and ELISA was employed to analyze the concentrations of antibody in the serum of CIA model. Results: HK-I/II expression and their activities increased in the synovium of RA compared with osteoarthritis (OA). Silencing HK-I/II (siHK-I/II) or LND treatment decreased the production of pro-inflammatory factors, such as IL-6, IL-8, CXCL9, CXCL10, and CXCL11, and cell viability, but induced cell apoptosis of RASFs. The expression of TNF-? and IL-1? of macrophage in response to LPS stimulation were depressed as well after treatment with siHK-I/II or LND. Furthermore, leucocyte infiltration co-cultured with RASFs was also suppressed after inhibiting the expression or activity of HK-I/II. These anti-inflammatory effects overlapped with their anti-glycolytic activities. Treatment with LND in mice with CIA decreased the production of antibodies against IgG1, IgG2a, and IgG2b and consequently attenuated joint inflammation and destruction. Conclusions: HK-I/II contribute to shape the inflammatory phenotype of RASFs and macrophages. LND may be a potential drug in treating patients with RA."	1
"Title: HOXB13 networking with ABCG1/EZH2/Slug mediates metastasis and confers resistance to cisplatin in lung adenocarcinoma patients. Abstract: Rationale:Distant metastasis and chemoresistance are the major causes of short survival after initial chemotherapy in lung adenocarcinoma patients. However, the underlying mechanisms remain elusive. Our pilot study identified high expression of the homeodomain transcription factor HOXB13 in chemoresistant lung adenocarcinomas. We aimed to investigate the role of HOXB13 in mediating lung adenocarcinoma chemoresistance.Methods:Immunohistochemistry assays were employed to assess HOXB13 protein levels in 148 non-small cell lung cancer patients. The role of HOXB13 in lung adenocarcinoma progression and resistance to cisplatin therapy was analyzed in cells, xenografted mice, and patient-derived xenografts. Needle biopsies from 15 lung adenocarcinoma patients who were resistant to cisplatin and paclitaxel therapies were analyzed for HOXB13 and EZH2 protein levels using immunohistochemistry.Results:High expression of HOXB13 observed in 17.8% of the lung adenocarcinoma patients in this study promoted cancer progression and predicted poor prognosis. HOXB13 upregulated an array of metastasis- and drug-resistance-related genes, including ABCG1, EZH2, and Slug, by directly binding to their promoters. Cisplatin induced HOXB13 expression in lung adenocarcinoma cells, and patient-derived xenografts and depletion of ABCG1 enhanced the sensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma cells to cisplatin therapy. Our results suggest that determining the combined expression of HOXB13 and its target genes can predict patient outcomes.Conclusions:A cisplatin-HOXB13-ABCG1/EZH2/Slug network may account for a novel mechanism underlying cisplatin resistance and metastasis after chemotherapy. Determining the levels of HOXB13 and its target genes from needle biopsy specimens may help predict the sensitivity of lung adenocarcinoma patients to platinum-based chemotherapy and patient outcomes."	1
"Title: BTF3 sustains cancer stem-like phenotype of prostate cancer via stabilization of BMI1. Abstract: Cancer stem-like traits contribute to prostate cancer (PCa) progression and metastasis. Deciphering the novel molecular mechanisms underlying stem-like traits may provide important insight for developing novel therapeutics. Methods: Immunohistochemistry and immunofluorescence assays in prostatic tissues; gain- and loss-of-function analyses using ectopic overexpression and shRNAs in PCa cell lines; measurements of tumorigenic and stemness properties, and transcription in vitro and in vivo; transcriptional analysis in public databases. Results: We identified that overexpression of BTF3 in PCa tissues and BTF3 expression highly correlates to stem-like traits. Cancer stem-like characteristics in PCa including self-renewal and metastatic potential were impaired by BTF3 loss and promoted by BTF3 overexpression. Mechanistically, BTF3 could stabilize BMI1, which is a crucial regulator of prostate stem cell self-renewal. More importantly, our data revealed that BTF3 is highly predictive of poor prognosis and may help in risk stratification of PCa patients. Conclusions: BTF3 promotes PCa progression though modeling stem-like traits in PCa. BTF3 represents a stratification marker in PCa progression and outcomes."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-1179 regulates proliferation and chemosensitivity of human ovarian cancer cells by targeting the PTEN-mediated PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. Abstract: Owing to widespread roles of miRs, the dysregulation of their expression in human tissues has been linked with the development of several diseases such as cancer. The study was designed to investigate the role and therapeutic potential of miR-1179 in ovarian cancer. Material and methods: Proliferation rate was monitored by MTT assay. Transfections were performed using Lipofectamine 2000 reagent. Cell cycle apoptosis was detected by AO/EB and annexin V/PI staining. Expressions analysis was carried out by qRT-PCR and western blotting. In vivo evaluation was carried out in xenografted mouse models. Results: The results revealed that miR-1179 is considerably upregulated in ovarian cancer cell lines. Inhibition of miR-1179 triggers decrease in the viability via initiation of apoptotic cell death of ovarian PA-1 cancer cells. TargetScan analysis showed PTEN to be the main target of miR-1179 in PA-1 cells. Exploration of PTEN expression in ovarian cancer cell lines revealed up to 9-fold downregulation of PTEN. However, inhibition of miR-1179 in PA-1 cells resulted in upregulation of PTEN expression. In addition, overexpression of PTEN caused a reduction of PA-1 cell viability via induction of apoptotic cell death. However, silencing of miR-1179 could rescue the effects of miR-1179 inhibition on the proliferation of miR-1179. The miR-1179 suppression was accompanied by a significant decline in phosphorylation of PI3K and AKT expression in the PA-1 cells. The in vivo study showed that miR-1179 suppression inhibits the xenografted tumor growth. Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that miR-1179 may prove to be an important therapeutic target for ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: MiR-29a function as tumor suppressor in cervical cancer by targeting SIRT1 and predict patient prognosis. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the second most frequently malignant tumors in females and metastasis is a challenge of the treatment of cervical cancer. MiR-29a is usually low expressed in several tumors and its functions in cervical cancer remain unclear. Patients and methods: The quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was employed to assess the expression of miR-29a and the Sirtuin-1 (SIRT1). Cell metastatic ability was assessed using Transwell and Western blot assays. The dual-luciferase reporter assay was performed to verify that miR-29a targeted to the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of SIRT1 mRNA. Results: MiR-29a was low expressed in cervical cancer and downregulation of miR-29a was associated with poor outcome. MiR-29a regulated the expression of SIRT1 by targeting to its 3'-UTR of mRNA in HeLa cells. SIRT1 was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cells in comparison with the non-tumor tissues and normal cells. Upregulation of SIRT1 predicted worse outcome of cervical cancer patients. MiR-29a was participated in the migration, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in cervical cancer through directly targeting to the 3'-UTR of SIRT1 mRNA. SIRT1 reversed partial roles of miR-29a on metastasis in cervical cancer. Conclusion: miR-29a suppressed migration, invasion and EMT by directly targeting to SIRT1 in cervical cancer. The newly identified miR-29a/SIRT1 axis provides novel insight into the pathogenesis of cervical cancer."	1
"Title: PLAC8 overexpression correlates with PD-L1 upregulation and acquired resistance to chemotherapies in gallbladder carcinoma. Abstract: Gallbladder carcinoma (GBC) is always diagnosed at an advanced stage, and patients often miss the opportunity for surgery. Gemcitabine (GEM) and platinum-based drugs, including oxaliplatin (OXA), are mainstays of chemotherapy. However, drug resistance causes treatment failure. Hence, salvage mechanisms are critical to improve outcomes. This study revealed the positive correlation between placenta-specific protein 8 (PLAC8) overexpression and PD-L1 overexpression in GBC. Given the roles of PLAC8 and PD-L1 in chemotherapy resistance, GEM-resistant and OXA-resistant cell lines (SGC966GR and SGC966OR, respectively) were established to test whether and how PLAC8 and PD-L1 function in chemotherapy resistance. Drug-insensitive SGC966GR and SGC966OR cells upregulated MRP and MDR1 and had high expression of PLAC8. PLAC8 blockade using siRNA reversed chemotherapy resistance and downregulated MRP and MDR1 in SGC966GR and SGC966OR cells, suggesting that PLAC8 mediates chemotherapy resistance in GBC. Consistent with the increased mRNA levels of PD-L1 after the acquisition of resistance, PLAC8 knockdown reduced PD-L1 mRNA expression in SGC966GR and SGC966OR cells. In conclusion, PLAC8 overexpression in GBC patients positively correlated with PD-L1 expression. PLAC8 conferred resistance to GEM and OXA by upregulating PD-L1 expression, and PLAC8 or PD-L1 blockade may have potential for overcoming chemotherapy resistance, providing therapeutic options for chemotherapy-refractory GBC patients."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?494 promotes the proliferation and migration of human glioma cancer cells through the protein kinase B/mechanistic target of rapamycin pathway by phosphatase and tensin homolog expression. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to analyze the possible association between microRNA?494 (miR?494) and cell proliferation in glioma cancer. Firstly, the expression of miR?494 was revealed to be upregulated in patients with glioma, compared with the normal group. Next, anti?miR?494 mimics were used to decrease the expression of miR?494 in glioma cancer cells, which subsequently induced apoptosis, and inhibited cell growth and migration. Downregulation of miR?494 expression induced phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) and suppressed the protein kinase B/mechanistic target of rapamycin pathway (Akt/mTOR) pathway in glioma cancer cells. By contrast, overexpression of miR?494 by miR?494 mimics promoted cell growth and migration, and suppressed the apoptosis of glioma cancer via the Akt/mTOR pathway by PTEN expression. Furthermore, a PTEN inhibitor was used to attenuate the function of miR?494 in glioma cancer autophagy through Akt/mTOR pathway. The promotion of PTEN promoted the function of anti?miR?494 on glioma cancer cell growth through Akt/mTOR pathway. Collectively, these results demonstrate that the effect of miRNA?494 on the proliferation and migration glioma cancer cells was mediated through Akt/mTOR pathway by PTEN expression."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-432 is downregulated in osteosarcoma and inhibits cell proliferation and invasion by directly targeting metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1. Abstract: The aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) in osteosarcoma (OS) has been demonstrated in previous studies, and deregulation of miRNA expression has been associated with several types of cancer, including OS development and progression. Therefore, identifying the functional role of miRNAs in OS onset and development may facilitate the identification of novel and effective therapeutic targets for the treatment of patients with OS. Previous studies have demonstrated that miR-432 is involved in tumor formation and progression in several types of cancer. However, the expression pattern, functional role and underlying mechanism of miR-432 in OS remain unknown. In the current study, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) was used to measure miR-432 expression levels in OS tissue samples and cell lines. The effect of miR-432 overexpression on OS cell proliferation and invasion was detected using Cell Counting Kit-8 and Transwell invasion assays, respectively. Bioinformatics analysis was used to predict metastasis-associated in colon cancer 1 (MACC1) as a putative target of miR-432 and this was confirmed using a dual-luciferase reporter assay, RT-qPCR and western blot analysis. The current study demonstrated that miR-432 expression levels were significantly reduced in OS tissue samples and cell lines. In addition, functional assays revealed that overexpression of miR-432 significantly decreased OS cell proliferation and invasion. Furthermore, MACC1 was identified as a direct target gene of miR-432 in OS. MACC1 expression levels were significantly increased in OS tissue samples and an inverse correlation was observed between miR-432 and MACC1 expression in OS tissue samples. In addition, rescue experiments demonstrated that overexpression of MACC1 partially reversed the anti-proliferative and anti-invasive effects of miR-432 in OS cells. In conclusion, the present study demonstrated that miR-432 inhibited OS cell proliferation and invasionin vitrothrough direct targeting of MACC1, and miR-432 may be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of OS."	1
"Title: Reduced miR-363-3p expression in non-small cell lung cancer is associated with gemcitabine resistance via targeting of CUL4A. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has suggested that aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) is associated with non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) proliferation, migration, invasion and chemotherapy resistance. Cullin4A (CUL4A) has been previously reported to desensitize NSCLC cells to chemotherapy treatment. However, whether miRNAs regulate CUL4A to promote chemotherapy resistance remains unknown. Patients and methods: Tissues were obtained from 40 NSCLC patients who received surgery at the Yancheng City No. 1 People's Hospital. Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) assays were applied for the detection of cell proliferation; mRNA and protein levels were determined by Real Time-quantitative Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-qPCR) and Western blot, respectively. The interaction between mRNA 3'UTR and miRNA was predicted by TargetScan and verified by Dual-Luciferase reporter assay. Results: In the present study, miR-363-3p levels were revealed to be significantly decreased in tumor tissues obtained from NSCLC patients compared with adjacent normal tissues. The results of the CCK-8 assays showed that the overexpression of miR-363-3p may slightly inhibit the proliferation of A549 and H23 cells. Notably, the transfection with miR-363-3p antagonists reduced the sensitivity of A549 and H23 cells to gemcitabine treatment, whereas the overexpression of miR-363-3p markedly increased the sensitivity of A549 and H23 cells to gemcitabine treatment. Furthermore, CUL4A mRNA and protein levels were revealed to be decreased in A549 cells transfected with miR-363-3p mimics. The Dual-Luciferase reporter assay results further suggested that CUL4A represents a target gene of miR-363-3p. Conclusions: The results indicated that decreased miR-363-3p expression enhanced gemcitabine resistance in NSCLC cells via regulation of CUL4A."	1
"Title: Down-regulated RBM5 inhibits bladder cancer cell apoptosis by initiating an miR-432-5p/?-catenin feedback loop. Abstract: RNA-binding motif protein 5 (RBM5) acts as a tumor suppressor in various human cancers and presents with several important characteristics, such as the potentiation of apoptosis, inhibition of the cell cycle, and alternative splicing of Fas and caspase-2 precursor mRNA. However, its role in bladder urothelial carcinoma (BUC) remains unknown. In this study, we found that RBM5 expression was significantly down-regulated in BUC tissues when compared with the adjacent nontumor tissues. The down-regulation of RBM5 activates ?-catenin, which binds to the T-cell factor/lymphocyte enhancer factor element of the miR-432-5p promoter and elevates the expression of miR-432-5p in bladder cancer cells. The up-regulated miR-432-5p directly targets 3'-UTR and depresses RBM5 expression. Thus, RBM5-miR-432-5p-?-catenin forms a feedback loop in regulating bladder cancer cell apoptosis. Our findings provide evidence that the regulatory feedback loop among RBM5, miR-432-5p, and Wnt-?-catenin is responsible for the progress of bladder cancer cells.-Zhang, Y.-P., Liu, K.-L., Wang, Y.-X., Yang, Z., Han, Z.-W., Lu, B.-S., Qi, J.-C., Yin, Y.-W., Teng, Z.-H., Chang, X.-L., Li, J.-D., Xin, H., Li, W. Down-regulated RBM5 inhibits bladder cancer cell apoptosis by initiating an miR-432-5p/?-catenin feedback loop."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-23a inhibits endometrial cancer cell development by targeting SIX1. Abstract: The present study focused on exploring the inhibitory mechanism of microRNA (miR)-23a in endometrial cancer. Reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) was used to investigate miR-23a expression in endometrial tissues and endometrial cancer cells. A colony formation assay using crystal violet staining was performed to compare cell proliferation, while wound-healing and Transwell assays were performed to compare cell migration and invasion. Subsequently, bioinformatics and a luciferase reporter gene assay were used to investigate the effect of miR-23a onsine oculishomeobox homolog 1 (SIX1) expression, and the biological function of SIX1 was analyzed. Additionally, a nude mouse tumorigenicity assay was performed to test the inhibitory effect of miR-23a and Taxol®therapy in endometrial cancer. Finally, immunohistochemistry and RT-qPCR were used to explore the association between miR-23a and SIX1 expression in endometrial cancer tissues. miR-23a was underexpressed in endometrial cancer tissues compared with in para-carcinoma tissues, and the overexpression of miR-23a inhibited proliferation and invasion of endometrial cancer cells. Furthermore, SIX1 was demonstrated to be a downstream target of miR-23a, and miR-23a reduced SIX1 expression. Additionally, SIX1 inversely promoted cell proliferation, migration and invasion. In addition, the effects of reduced cell proliferation and increased cell invasion following miR-23a overexpression could be reversed by adding SIX1 toin vitroculture. Furthermore, the inhibitory effect of miR-23a and Taxol therapy, which reduced SIX1 expression in endometrial cancer, was demonstratedin vivo. Finally, a negative association between miR-23a and SIX1 expression was demonstrated in endometrial cancer tissues. The results of the present study revealed that miR-23a may inhibit endometrial cancer development by targeting SIX1."	1
"Title: The Multifunction Of miR-218-5p-Cx43 Axis In Breast Cancer. Abstract: Gemcitabine is proven to be the first-line standard treatment of breast cancers. Yet, little is known involving gemcitabine resistance and remains largely to be elucidated. Materials and methods: We evaluated the expression of Cx43 in gemcitabine-resistant cells and parental cells by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blot analyses. Dual-luciferase reporter assay was applied to examine the epigenetic regulator of Cx43. The role of miR-218-5p-Cx43 axis on cell cytotoxicity, cell proliferation, colony formation, chemoresistance and migration was detected via mammalian expression vector and small short RNA (shRNA) transfection in vitro. Results: In this study, we found that Cx43 expression levels were significantly lower in gemcitabine-resistant cells than in the parental cells. On deep investigation of the epigenetic regulation of Cx43, a few miRNA candidates targeting Cx43 were derived. Through dual-luciferase reporter assay, Cx43 was proved to be a direct target of miR-218-5p. Besides, qPCR, Western blot demonstrated an inverse correlation between miR-218-5p and Cx43 expression in breast cancer cells, thus forming the miR-218-5p-Cx43 axis. Notably, miR-218-5p-Cx43 axis was found to be involved in the process of gemcitabine chemoresistance, cell proliferation and migration in breast cancer cells. Conclusion: Our findings suggested that miR-218-5p-Cx43 axis was versatile and indicated significant potency in breast cancer cells. More importantly, miR-218-5p-Cx43 axis might be valuable in translational medicine, with therapeutic and prognostic information."	1
"Title: Insulin-like growth factor 2 mRNA-binding protein 1 promotes cell proliferation via activation of AKT and is directly targeted by microRNA-494 in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Studies have shown that insulin-like growth factor 2 mRNA-binding protein 1 (IGF2BP1) plays critical roles in the genesis and development of human cancers. Aim: To investigate the clinical significance and role of IGF2BP1 in pancreatic cancer. Methods: Expression levels of IGF2BP1 and microRNA-494 (miR-494) were mined based on Gene Expression Omnibus datasets and validated in both clinical samples and cell lines by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and Western blot. The relationship between IGF2BP1 expression and clinicopathological factors of pancreatic cancer patients was analyzed. The effect and mechanism of IGF2BP1 on pancreatic cancer cell proliferation were investigated in vitro and in vivo . Analyses were performed to explore underlying mechanisms of IGF2BP1 upregulation in pancreatic cancer and assays were carried out to verify the post-transcriptional regulation of IGF2BP1 by miR-494. Results: We found that IGF2BP1 was upregulated and associated with a poor prognosis in pancreatic cancer patients. We showed that downregulation of IGF2BP1 inhibited pancreatic cancer cell growth in vitro and in vivo via the AKT signaling pathway. Mechanistically, we showed that the frequent upregulation of IGF2BP1 was attributed to the downregulation of miR-494 expression in pancreatic cancer. Furthermore, we discovered that reexpression of miR-494 could partially abrogate the oncogenic role of IGF2BP1. Conclusion: Our results revealed that upregulated IGF2BP1 promotes the proliferation of pancreatic cancer cells via the AKT signaling pathway and confirmed that the activation of IGF2BP1 is partly due to the silencing of miR-494."	1
"Title: Hsa_circ_0035483 sponges hsa-miR-335 to promote the gemcitabine-resistance of human renal cancer cells by autophagy regulation. Abstract: Renal clear cell carcinoma (RCC) is the most common pathological type of renal carcinoma and drug resistance often occurs. We studied the effect of hsa_circ_0035483 on gemcitabine sensitivity in RCC, and explored its regulatory effect on downstream hsa-miR-335 and Cyclin B1 (CCNB1). High-throughput sequencing was used to analyze the differentially expressed circRNA in RCC. The expressions of hsa_circ_0035483, hsa-miR-335, CCNB1, and autophagy-related proteins were detected by RT-PCR or Western blot. The target relationships were revealed by RNA pulldown assay and dual luciferase report assay. Autophagy marker LC3 was detected by immunofluorescence. Cell viability was detected by MTT assay. Hsa_circ_0035483 can facilitate gemcitabine-induced autophagy, and enhance the resistance of RCC to gemcitabine. Hsa-miR-335 is the target regulatory point of hsa_circ_0035483. In addition, hsa_circ_0035483 promotes autophagy and tumor growth and enhances gemcitabine resistance in RCC by regulating hsa-miR-335/CCNB1, and silenced hsa_circ_0035483 can enhance gemcitabine sensitivity in vivo. Hsa_circ_0035483 may be the target of gemcitabine resistance in the treatment of RCC."	1
"Title: lncRNA NEAT1 facilitates melanoma cell proliferation, migration, and invasion via regulating miR-495-3p and E2F3. Abstract: Melanoma contributes a lot to skin cancer-related deaths. lncRNAs are implicated in various diseases, including melanoma. lncRNA NEAT1 is frequently dysregulated and can play important roles in multiple cancers. Nevertheless, little has been studied about the function of NEAT1 in melanoma progression. In our present research, we displayed NEAT1 was overexpressed in melanoma cells. A series of functional assays showed that overexpression of NEAT1 promoted the proliferation, migration, and invasion of melanoma cells. By contrast, NEAT1 knockdown obviously restrained melanoma cell progression. Mechanistically, it was revealed that NEAT1 could directly bind with miR-495-3p, which led to a negative effect on miR-495-3p levels. In addition, miR-495-3p was significantly decreased in melanoma cells. Furthermore, E2F3 was postulated as the target of miR-495-3p and overexpression of this miR could suppress the levels of E2F3. Meanwhile, it was exhibited that melanoma cell proliferation, migration, and invasion induced by E2F3 silence was abrogated by miR-495-3p. Moreover, an in vivo xenograft nude mice model was established using A375 cells and it was indicated that NEAT1 promoted melanoma progression in vivo via regulating the miR-495-3p/E2F3 axis. In conclusion, we suggest that NEAT1 exerts an oncogenic effect on melanoma development via inhibition of miR-495-3p and induction of E2F3. NEAT1 might serve as a crucial prognostic biomarker of melanoma."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-877 is downregulated in cervical cancer and directly targets MACC1 to inhibit cell proliferation and invasion. Abstract: Previously, a number of microRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to be dysregulated in cervical cancer, and dysregulated miRNAs may play crucial roles in the development and progression of cervical cancer. Hence, investigating the detailed roles of miRNAs that are aberrantly expressed in cervical cancer and the underlying molecular mechanisms is essential for early diagnosis and effective therapeutic approaches. miRNA-877 (miR-877) was found to be downregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma and renal cell carcinoma, and function as a tumor-suppressive miRNA. However, how miR-877 exerts an effect in cervical cancer progression and its underlying molecular mechanisms remains to be elucidated. In the current study, reverse transcription-quantitative PCR was performed to determine miR-877 expression in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. The effects of miR-877 overexpression on cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion were evaluated using MTT and Transwell cell invasion assays. In the present study, miR-877 was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines, and the decreased expression levels of miR-877 were significantly associated with increased International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetric stage as well as increased lymph node metastasis in patients with cervical cancer. Upregulation of miR-877 using miR-877 mimics resulted in the decreased proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells. Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 (MACC1) was assessed using bioinformatics analyses to determine whether it could be a potential target gene of miR-877, and the results were confirmed using a luciferase reporter assay. Furthermore, MACC1 was markedly upregulated in cervical cancer tissues, and its level was negatively correlated with the miR-877 level. Overexpression of miR-877 resulted in decreased expression levels of MACC1 in cervical cancer cells at both the mRNA and protein levels. In addition, the functional effects of MACC1 knockdown were similar to those induced by upregulated miR-877 in cervical cancer cells. MACC1 restored miR-877 overexpression-mediated suppression of cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion. In conclusion, miR-877 may play an antitumor role in cervical cancer by directly targeting MACC1, which suggests that this miRNA may be a promising therapeutic target for the treatment of patients with such an aggressive gynecological cancer."	1
"Title: miR-152-3p Sensitizes Glioblastoma Cells Towards Cisplatin Via Regulation Of SOS1. Abstract: Accumulating evidences suggest that microRNAs (miRNAs) play key roles in mediating glioblastoma progression. Decreased expression of miR-152-3p was reported in several cancer types including glioblastoma. Methods: The sensitivity of glioblastoma cells to cisplatin was assessed by the cell counting kit-8 assay and flow cytometry analysis. The expression of miR-152-3p was determined by RT-qPCR method. Bioinformatic analysis, dual luciferase reporter assay and Western blot were used to explore the target gene of miR-152-3p. The association between miR-152-3p and SOS1 was confirmed in glioblastoma tissues by Pearson correlation analysis. Results: In the current study, we discovered that overexpression of miR-152-3p increased cisplatin sensitivity while inhibition of miR-152-3p decreased cisplatin sensitivity in glioblastoma cells (T98G and U87). In addition, miR-152-3p augmented cell apoptosis induced by cisplatin treatment. It was further predicted and validated that SOS1, a protein involved in regulating chemotherapy sensitivity, was a direct target gene of miR-152-3p. SOS1 was proven to suppress the cytotoxic effect of cisplatin in glioblastoma. Transfection of recombinant SOS1 could effectively reverse the increased cisplatin sensitivity induced by miR-152-3p overexpression in T98G. Furthermore, overexpression of SOS1 reduced the percentage of apoptotic cells increased by miR-152-3p mimic in the presence of cisplatin in T98G. More importantly, a significant negative correlation between miR-152-3p levels and SOS1 levels was observed in glioblastoma tissues collected from 40 patients. Conclusion: Our study identified miR-152-3p as a chemotherapy sensitizer in glioblastoma."	1
"Title: Circular RNA (hsa_circ_0051240) promotes cell proliferation, migration and invasion in ovarian cancer through miR-637/KLK4 axis. Abstract: In this study, we identified hsa_circ_0051240 was significantly increased in ovarian cancer (OC) tissues. Our results indicated that silencing of hsa_circ_0051240 inhibited OC cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro, and also prevented OC tumour formation in vivo. In addition, the inhibitory effects by blockage of hsa_circ_0051240 could be attenuated by the miR-637 inhibitor. Furthermore, we also identified that hsa_circ_0051240 act as a sponge of miR-637, and miR-637 directly targeted KLK4 mRNA in OC cells. Altogether, hsa_circ_0051240 promotes OC cell proliferation, migration and invasion through inhibiting the miR-637/KLK4 axis. Therefore, these results demonstrated that the hsa_circ_0051240/miR-637/KLK4 axis might serve as a therapeutic target for OC treatment."	1
"Title: Circ-PRMT5 promotes gastric cancer progression by sponging miR-145 and miR-1304 to upregulate MYC. Abstract: Background:Gastric cancer (GC) is a global leading source of cancer-associated deaths. Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are a new type of non-coding RNA and promising biomarkers for diagnosis of multiple diseases such as cancer.Methods:Circ-PRMT5 expression was validated in 90 GC patient tissues and 6 different GC cells by qRT-PCR. Sublocalization of circ-PRMT5 in GC cells was determined in isolated nuclear and cytoplasmic RNAs. CircInteractome and miRanda were used to predict binding sites between circ-PRMT5 with micRNAs, and micRNAs with target mRNA. The correlation between genes was determined by the Pearson correlation analysis. The molecular mechanism was demonstrated by RNAin vivoprecipitation, point mutation, luciferase activity and rescue experiments.Results:Circ-PRMT5 expression was significantly higher in GC than in adjacent normal tissues, and GC patients with circ-PRMT5 high expression had shorter survival times. Functionally, circ-PRMT5 silence inhibited GC cell growth and invasion. Mechanism analysis showed that circ-PRMT5 sponged miR-145/miR-1304 to upregulate MYC expression and GC development.Conclusion:Our findings demonstrated that circ-PRMT5 function as an oncogene in GC patients by targeting miR-145/miR-1304/MYC axis. High circ-PRMT5 expression may provide a poor prognostic indicator of survival in GC patients and targeting circ-PRMT5/miR-145/miR-1304/MYC axis may be a novel therapeutic strategy for GC."	1
"Title: miR-552 promotes ovarian cancer progression by regulating PTEN pathway. Abstract: Increasing researches have demonstrated the critical functions of MicroRNAs (miRNAs) in the progression of malignant tumors, including ovarian cancer. It was reported that miR-552 was an important oncogene in both breast cancer and colorectal cancer. However, the role of miR-552 in ovarian cancer (OC) remains to be elucidated. Methods: RT-PCR and western blot analysis were used to detect the expression of miR-552 and PTEN. The impact of miR-552 on ovarian cancer proliferation and metastasis was investigated in vitro. The prognostic value of miR-552 was evaluated using the online bioinformatics tool Kaplan-Meier plotter. Results: In the present study, we for first found that miR-552 was upregulated in ovarian cancer, especially in metastatic and recurrence ovarian cancer. Forced miR-552 expression promotes the growth and metastasis of ovarian cancer cells. Consistently, miR-552 interference inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of ovarian cancer cells. Mechanically, bioinformatics and luciferase reporter analysis identified Phosphatase and tension homolog (PTEN) as a direct target of miR-552. miR-552 downregulated the PTEN mRNA and protein expression in ovarian cancer cells. Furthermore, the PTEN siRNA abolishes the discrepancy of growth and metastasis capacity between miR-552 mimic ovarian cells and control cells. More importantly, upregulation of miR-552 predicts the poor prognosis of ovarian cancer patients. Conclusion: Our findings revealed that miR-552 could promote ovarian cancer cells progression by targeting PTEN signaling and might therefore be useful to predict patient prognosis."	1
"Title: Knockdown of ribosomal protein S15A inhibits human kidney cancer cell growth in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Ribosomal protein S15A (RPS15A), a member of the ribosomal protein gene family, was demonstrated to be closely associated with tumorigenesis in multiple human malignancies. Nevertheless, the role of RPS15A in the progression of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) remains unknown. In the present study, by comparing the publicly available data from RCC tissues and reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction results, it was identified that RPS15A was upregulated in RCC tissues and cell lines (P<0.001). Notably, knockdown of RPS15A suppressed 786?O cell proliferation (P<0.001) and promoted its apoptosis/necrotic (P=0.0001) in vitro. Additionally, tumour formation and growth of transfected 786?O cells were observed to be restrained in a mouse model (P<0.05). Subsequent to analysing the microarray data, 747 genes were differentially expressed in the RPS15A?knockdown 786?O cells. The enriched canonical pathways, diseases and functions of differentially expressed genes, and the interactive network of RPS15A in RCC were successfully constructed by ingenuity pathway analysis. Overall, the present results provided a preliminary experimental basis for RPS15A as a novel oncogene and potential therapeutic target in RCC."	1
"Title: miR-142 Suppresses Endometrial Cancer Proliferation In Vitro and In Vivo by Targeting Cyclin D1. Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC), a prevalent gynecologic tumor, is a great threat to women. We aimed to explore miR-142's effects on EC and the relevant mechanisms. Cell proliferation was evaluated with MTT, cell counting, and colony formation assay. MRNA abundances of miR-142 and cyclin D1 (CCND1) were examined with quantitative real-time PCR. CCND1 protein level in cells was analyzed with Western blot. miR-142's downstream target was identified with targetscan and luciferase reporter assay. Nude mice were injected subcutaneously with Ishikawa (ISK) cells transfected with or without miR-142 mimics. Ki-67 and CCND1 expressions in tumors of xenograft mice were analyzed with immunohistochemical assay. miR-142 was expressed at a lower level in human EC tumor samples than matched normal tissues, and its mRNA level in EC patients without metastasis was higher than that in patients with metastatic EC. Additionally, low-level miR-142 was closely linked with the poor prognosis of EC patients. miR-142 restricted ISK and HEC-1A cell proliferation. Targetscan and luciferase reporter assay proved the target relationship between miR-142 and CCND1. Moreover, high-level CCND1 was positively correlated with the poor prognosis of EC patients. Besides, miR-142 mimics restricted tumor growth in ISK xenografted mice, as well as inhibited the expression of Ki67 and CCND1 in excised tumors. miR-142 restricted EC proliferation by targeting CCND1."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-494-dependent WDHDI inhibition suppresses epithelial-mesenchymal transition, tumor growth and metastasis in cholangiocarcinoma. Abstract: Cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) represents a devastating malignancy characterized by high mortality, and notoriously problematic to diagnose. Recently, microRNAs (miRs) have been intensively investigated due to their potential usefulness from a tumor treatment perspective. Aims: The current study was aimed to investigate whether miR-494 influences epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), tumor growth and metastasis of CCA. Methods: The regulatory miRNAs of WDHD1 in CCA expression chip were predicted, followed by determination of the miR-494 and WDHD1 expression in normal cholangiocyte tissues and CCA tissues. The related protein levels were determined. CCA cell migration, invasion, viability, and cell cycle distribution and the dosage-dependent effect of miR-494 on CCA cell growth were subsequently detected. Finally, tumorigenicity and lymph node metastasis (LNM) were measured. Results: Initially, miR-194 affected the CCA development via negatively regulating WDHD1 and miR-494 which were downregulated while WDHD1 was upregulated in CCA. In addition, miR-494 overexpression elevated E-cadherin expression while decreased expressions of WDHD1, N-cadherin, Vimentin, Snail, Twist and MMP-9. Finally, overexpressed miR-494 was observed to suppress EMT, cell viability, migration, invasion, arrest cell cycle progression, tumor formation, and LNM while accelerating cell apoptosis in vivo. Conclusion: This study indicated that miR-494 overexpression suppresses EMT, tumor formation and LNM while promoting CCA cell apoptosis through inhibiting WDHD1 in CCA."	1
"Title: miR-145-5p Suppresses Breast Cancer Progression by Inhibiting SOX2. Abstract: In this study, we aimed to investigate the expression and clinical significance of miR-145-5p and its tumor-suppressive effect in breast cancer patients. Methods: We used luciferase reporter assay, real-time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and Western blot to identify sex-determining region Y-box2 (SOX2) as the target gene of miR-145-5p. Their expression levels in breast cancer tissues (n = 122) were detected by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction. We also applied 3-(4,5-dimethyl- 2-thiazolyl)-2,5-diphenyl-2H-tetrazolium bromide assay and flow cytometry to reveal the effect of miR-145-5p on proliferation in breast cancer. Results: miR-145-5p expression is downregulated in breast cancer tissues and negatively correlated with SOX2 expression. Decreased miR-145-5p expression was significantly associated with larger tumor size, distal metastasis, higher Ki67 expression level, and shorter overall survival. miR-145-5p inhibits breast cancer cell proliferation via targeting SOX2, and multivariate regression showed that both miR-145-5p and SOX2 were unfavorable prognostic factors. Conclusions: miR-145-5p played a suppressive role in the proliferation of breast cancer cells by targeting SOX2, and miR-145-5p is a putative biomarker for risk assessment in patients with breast cancer."	1
"Title: The PVT1/miR-216b/Beclin-1 regulates cisplatin sensitivity of NSCLC cells via modulating autophagy and apoptosis. Abstract: The efficacy of cisplatin-based chemotherapy remains an open question for chemo-resistance in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). This study aimed to explore the role and mechanism of long noncoding RNA plasmacytoma variant translocation 1 (PVT1) in cisplatin sensitivity of NSCLC. Methods: Paired tumor and adjacent tissues were collected from forty patients with NSCLC. The clinical value of PVT1 was investigated according to clinicopathological parameters of patients. Cisplatin-sensitive or -resistant cells (A549 or A549/DDP) were used for in vitro experiments. Cell viability, apoptosis, autophagy and animal experiments were conducted to investigate cisplatin sensitivity. The expressions of PVT1, microRNA-216b (miR-216b) and apoptosis- or autophagy-related proteins were measured by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) or western blot assay, respectively. Luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay were conducted to probe the interaction between miR-216b and PVT1 or Beclin-1. Results: PVT1 was highly expressed and associated with poor prognosis of NSCLC patients ( * P < 0.05). PVT1 knockdown enhanced cisplatin-induced viability inhibition and apoptosis induction in A549/DDP cells, but addition of PVT1 caused an opposite effect in A549 cells ( * P < 0.05, # P < 0.05). Moreover, accumulation of PVT1 facilitated autophagy of NSCLC cells and tumor growth in vivo ( * P < 0.05, # P < 0.05). In addition, miR-216b interacted with PVT1 or Beclin-1. Beclin-1 reversed miR-216b-mediated effect on autophagy and apoptosis of NSCLC cells ( * P < 0.05, # P < 0.05). Besides, Beclin-1 protein expression was regulated by PVT1 and miR-216b ( * P < 0.05, # P < 0.05). Conclusions: PVT1 may function as a competing endogenous RNA for miR-216b to inhibit cisplatin sensitivity of NSCLC through regulating apoptosis and autophagy via miR-216b/Beclin-1 pathway, providing a novel target for improving chemo-therapy efficacy of NSCLC."	1
"Title: miR?145 suppresses ovarian cancer progression via modulation of cell growth and invasion by targeting CCND2 and E2F3. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA/miRs) have been demonstrated to be critical post?transcriptional modulators of gene expression during tumorigenesis. Numerous miRNAs have been revealed to be downregulated in human epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). In the present study, it was observed that the expression of miR?145 was decreased in EOC tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR?145 inhibited the proliferation, migration and invasion of EOC cells. The D?type cyclin 2, cyclin D2 (CCND2), and E2F transcription factor 3 (E2F3) were confirmed to be targets of miR?145. In addition, restoration of these 2 genes significantly reversed the tumor suppressive effects of miR?145. Collectively, the results indicated that miR?145 serves a critical role in suppressing the biological behavior of EOC cells by targeting CCND2 and E2F3. Therefore, miR?145 was suggested to be a potential miRNA?based therapeutic target in ovarian cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-99b suppresses human cervical cancer cell activity by inhibiting the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Abstract: Cervical cancer is common cancer among women with high morbidity. MicroRNAs (miRs) are involved in the progression and development of cervical cancer. This study aimed to explore the effect of miR-99b-5p (miR-99b) on invasion and migration in cervical cancer through the phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase (PI3K)/protein kinase B (AKT)/mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathway. The microarray-based analysis was used to screen out differentially expressed miRNAs. Expression of miR-99b, PI3K, AKT, mTOR, and ribosomal protein S6 kinase (p70S6K) was determined in both cervical cancer tissues and paracancerous tissues. Next, alteration of miR-99b expression in cervical cancer was conducted to evaluate levels of PI3K, AKT, mTOR, p70S6K matrix metallopeptidase 2, epithelial cell adhesion molecule, and intercellular adhesion molecule 1, as well as the effect of miR-99b on cell proliferation, invasion, migration, cell cycle distribution, and apoptosis. The results demonstrated that miR-99b expression was decreased and levels of PI3K, AKT, mTOR, and p70S6K were elevated in cervical cancer tissues. More important, overexpressed miR-99b repressed the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway, inhibited cell proliferation, invasion, and migration, blocked cell cycle entry, and promoted apoptosis in cervical cancer. These results indicate that miR-99b attenuates the migration and invasion of human cervical cancer cells through downregulation of the PI3K/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway, which provides a therapeutic approach for cervical cancer treatment."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-145 performs as a tumor suppressor in human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by targeting phospholipase C epsilon 1. Abstract: Esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) is the leading pathologic type in China. miR-145 has been reported to be downregulated in multiple tumors. This study was aimed to investigate the role of miR-145 in ESCC. miR-145 expression was investigated in 65 ESCC samples as well as four ESCC cell lines by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Targetscan 6.2 website (http://www.targetscan.org/) was used to predict the targets of miR-145. Expression of phospholipase C epsilon 1 (PLCE1) messenger RNA and protein was detected by qRT-PCR or Western blot. MTT and wound healing assay were conducted to explore the effects of miR-145 on the proliferation and migration of ESCC cell lines, respectively. miR-145 was significantly decreased in ESCC tissues. An inverse correlation between miR-145 and invasion depth and TNM stage were observed. PLCE1 was a direct target of miR-145, and the expression of PLCE1 was inversely correlated with miR-145 expression in ESCC tissues. In addition, overexpression of miR-145 suppressed cell proliferation and migration in ESCC cells. The enforced expression of PLCE1 partially reversed the suppressive effect of miR-145. These results prove that miR-145 may perform as a tumor suppressor in ESCC by targeting PLCE1."	1
"Title: Oncogene miR-934 promotes ovarian cancer cell proliferation and inhibits cell apoptosis through targeting BRMS1L. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a common malignant cancer among women. Increasing studies have demonstrated that microRNAs function as important regulation factors in the progression of ovarian cancer. Materials and methods: Human ovarian cancer cell lines HO8910 and OVCAR-3 were transfected with miR-934 inhibitor and corresponding negative control (inhibitor control). Cell proliferation and apoptosis were detected by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) and TUNEL assay, respectively. The expression levels of proliferation/apoptosis-related genes and BRMS1L were measured by quantitative Real Time-Polymerase Chain Reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blotting. Furthermore, the association between miR-934 and BRMS1L was investigated through luciferase reporter assays. Results: MiR-934 was significantly increased in ovarian cancer cell lines, whereas BRMS1L was significantly decreased. Downregulated miR-934 remarkably inhibited cell proliferation and induced cell apoptosis. Meanwhile, miR-934 could influence the expression levels of Ki67, Cyclin D1, Caspase3, and Bcl-2. In addition, BRMS1L was identified as a target gene of miR-934. Conclusions: Oncogene miR-934 promotes ovarian cancer cell proliferation and inhibits cell apoptosis through targeting BRMS1L. MiR-934 and BRMS1L may be novel biomarkers or therapeutic targets for ovarian cancer in the future."	1
"Title: MiR-145 changes sensitivity of non-small cell lung cancer to gefitinib through targeting ADAM19. Abstract: The aim of this study was to investigate the role of micro-ribonucleic acid (miR)-145 in acquired resistance of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) to gefitinib, and to explore its potential mechanism. Materials and methods: PC-9 cells were continuously stimulated with low-concentration of gefitinib to induce the formation of acquired gefitinib-resistant PC-9/G cells. The sensitivity of PC-9 and PC-9/G cells to gefitinib was detected via Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) assay. The expressions of miR-145 and adamalysin-19 (ADAM19) in PC-9 and PC-9/G cells were detected via quantitative Reverse Transcription-Polymerase Chain Reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blotting. Subsequently, PC-9 and PC-9/G cells were transfected with miR-145 mimics and miR-145 NC, respectively. The changes in ADAM19 expression were detected via qRT-PCR and Western blotting. The changes in the sensitivity of cells to gefitinib after transfection were explored via CCK-8 assay. Moreover, the influences of miR-145 transfection on cell apoptosis, invasion and migration were detected via flow cytometry, wound healing assay and transwell assay, respectively. Target gene and acting site of miR-145 were verified via Dual-Luciferase reporter gene assay. Furthermore, targeted regulation of miR-145 on ADAM19 was verified by in vitro cellular experiments. Results: The sensitivity of PC-9/G cells to gefitinib was significantly lower than that of PC-9 cells, with nearly 15-fold difference in half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC-50) (p<0.05). QRT-PCR results indicated that miR-145 expression in PC-9/G cells was significantly decreased (p<0.01). The results of Western blotting showed that the expression level of ADAM19 in PC-9/G cells was markedly higher than that of PC-9 cells. The overexpression of miR-145 could remarkably reduce the expression level of ADAM19 in PC-9/G cells, increase the sensitivity of PC-9/G cells to gefitinib, and inhibit cell invasion and metastasis. The detection of Luciferase activity revealed that miR-145 could bind to the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of ADAM19 gene and negatively regulate the protein expression. Conclusions: MiR-145 improves the sensitivity of acquired gefitinib-resistant cells to gefitinib. Meanwhile, it inhibits cell invasion and metastasis through negative regulation on ADAM19. Furthermore, the low-expression of miR-145 may become a biomarker and therapeutic target for acquired resistance to gefitinib."	1
"Title: MiRNA-8073 targets ZnT1 to inhibit malignant progression of ovarian cancer. Abstract: The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of microRNA-8073 on the malignant progression of ovarian cancer (OC) and whether the underlying mechanism is through the regulation of ZnT1 expression. Patients and methods: Quantitative Real Time-Polymerase Chain Reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to detect the expression of microRNA-8073 in 50 tumor tissues and adjacent tissues of OC patients, and the relationship between microRNA-8073 expression and clinical indicators of OC was analyzed. Negative control group (NC) and microRNA-8073 overexpression group (microRNA-8073 mimics) were set in OC cell lines, and the transfection efficiency was further verified by qRT-PCR. In OC cell lines including SKOV3 and OVCAR3, the effects of microRNA-8073 on cell proliferation and apoptosis were analyzed by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8), cell clone formation assay, and flow cytometry. Finally, the regulatory mechanism of microRNA-8073 on the downstream gene ZnT1 was explored by a recovery experiment. Results: QRT-PCR results revealed that microRNA-8073 expression in cancer tissue specimens of OC patients was significantly lower than that in corresponding normal tissues, and the difference was statistically significant. Compared with patients with high expression of microRNA-8073, NC group had low expression of microRNA-8073 and had a higher pathological stage and lower overall survival rate. In the OC cell lines including SKOV3 and OVCAR3, compared with the NC group, the cell proliferation ability of the microRNA-8073 mimics group was significantly decreased, while the apoptotic ability was significantly increased. Also, ZnT1 had high expression in OC cell lines and tissues and was confirmed negatively correlated with microRNA-8073 level. Meanwhile, the recovery experiment revealed that overexpression of ZnT1 can counteract the effect of microRNA-8073 mimics on OC cell proliferation and apoptosis so as to affect the malignant progression of OC. Conclusions: We demonstrated that microRNA-8073 was significantly associated with the pathological stage and poor prognosis of OC. In addition, microRNA-8073 might inhibit malignant progression of OC by regulating ZnT1 expression."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?30a regulates cell proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma via targeted regulation of ZEB2. Abstract: MicroRNA?30a (miR?30a) was previously reported to serve as a tumor suppressor able to inhibit the development and progression of certain types of cancer. A number of previous studies demonstrated that zinc finger E?box binding homeobox 2 (ZEB2) may be regulated by miR?30a in clear cell renal cell carcinoma and breast cancer. However, the function of miR?30a in human nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) remains unclear. The present study aimed to investigate the association between miR?30a and ZEB2 in NPC. Therefore, the expression levels of miR?30a and ZEB2 were measured in human NPC cells and tissues from patients with NPC, and the present results suggested that the expression level of miR?30a was significantly decreased in NPC tissues compared with paracancerous tissues. The direct interaction between miR?30a and the untranslated region of ZEB2 was examined using the dual?luciferase reporter assay, and ZEB2 was identified as a direct target of miR?30a. Additionally, the effects of miR?30a and ZEB2 overexpression on cell proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis were additionally investigated. Functional experiments identified that overexpression of miR?30a increased apoptosis and suppressed cell proliferation, cell migration and cell invasion by directly targeting ZEB2. Collectively, the present study suggested that miR?30a may serve an important role in the progression of NPC and may represent a novel target for the treatment of patients with NPC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-889-3p targets FGFR2 to inhibit cervical cancer cell viability and invasion. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are frequently dysregulated in cervical cancer, and the aberrant regulation of miRNAs may be involved in the regulation of various cancer-associated biological processes. Therefore, further exploration of the specific roles of dysregulated miRNAs in cervical cancer and their associated mechanism may promote the development of effective therapeutic approaches. miRNA-889-3p (miR-889) serves crucial roles in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma. However, to the best of our knowledge, no studies concerning the relationship between miR-889 and cervical cancer were performed. The aims of this study were to measure miR-889 expression in cervical cancer and to examine the potential effects of miR-889 in cervical cancer development on a molecular level to provide potential clinical insight. The present study revealed that miR-889 was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Reduced miR-889 expression was significantly associated with International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics cancer staging and with lymph node metastasis. In addition, miR-889 overexpression reduced cervical cancer cell viability and invasive ability. Using bioinformatics analysis, fibroblast growth factor receptor 2 (FGFR2) was predicted to be a potential target of miR-889, which was confirmed using luciferase reporter assay. Reverse transcription-quantitative PCR and western blot analysis results suggested that miR-889 overexpression decreased FGFR2 expression in cervical cancer cells at the mRNA and the protein level, respectively. Conversely, FGFR2 silencing using small interfering RNA imitated the tumor suppressive effects of miR-889 overexpression in cervical cancer cells, which was successfully reversed by plasmid-facilitated FGFR2 overexpression. These observations demonstrated that miR-889 may serve tumor suppressive roles in cervical cancer by directly targeting FGFR2, which indicated that this miRNA may be a promising therapeutic target for patients with cervical cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-432 is downregulated in cervical cancer and directly targets FN1 to inhibit cell proliferation and invasion. Abstract: Numerous studies have identified the dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) in cervical cancer, and dysregulated miRNAs are involved in regulating a number of tumour- associated biological behaviours. Therefore, investigating the roles of cervical cancer-associated miRNAs and the underlying molecular mechanisms is essential for the development of novel diagnostic biomarkers and effective therapeutic targets. MicroRNA-432 (miR-432) dysregulation has been revealed to be implicated in the carcinogenesis and progression of a number of types of human cancer. However, the effects and underlying molecular mechanisms of miR-432 in cervical cancer have yet to be elucidated. In the present study, miR-432 expression was determined using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. The results revealed that miR-432 was expressed at low levels in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Decreased miR-432 expression was significantly associated with the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage, myometrium invasion and lymph node metastasis of patients with cervical cancer. Following transfection with miR-432 mimic, the expression of miR-432 was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer cells. Upregulation of miR-432 expression restricted the proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells. Bioinformatics analysis followed by luciferase reporter assays revealed that fibronectin 1 (FN1) was a direct target gene of miR-432 in cervical cancer cells. In addition, FN1 was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and was inversely correlated with miR-432 levels. Furthermore, miR-432 upregulation decreased the expression levels of FN1 in cervical cancer cells at the mRNA and protein levels. Furthermore, silencing of FN1 could stimulate the tumour suppressor effects of miR-432 upregulation in cervical cancer cells. In addition, restored FN1 expression neutralized the effects of miR-432 overexpression in cervical cancer cells. The results of the present study indicate that miR-432 is a tumour suppressor that can restrain the aggressive phenotype of cervical cancer cells by directly targeting FN1, suggesting that this miRNA may be developed as an effective therapeutic strategy for patients with cervical cancer."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-218 regulates the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway to suppress lung adenocarcinoma progression by directly targeting BMI-1. Abstract: To investigate the role of miR-218 in the development of lung adenocarcinoma (LA) and its underlying mechanism. Patients and methods: Fifty-two pairs of human LA samples and adjacent para-carcinoma tissue samples were collected from our hospital between June 2015 and March 2017. Meanwhile, one normal human pulmonary epithelial cell line BEAS-2B and four human LA cell lines (H1299, PC-9, A549, and SPC-A1) were cultured. The cells' ability of proliferation and migration was detected by MTT assays and Transwell assays, respectively. The target gene was clarified by dual-luciferase reporter assay. The related protein and mRNA expression levels were detected by immunohistochemistry (IHC), Western blot and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR), respectively. At last, the tumor xenograft model was made for further exploring the mechanism. Results: MiR218 expressions were notably reduced in LA tissues in comparison with controls. In addition, the declined miR218 expressions were correlated with the poor OS and worse clinicopathological parameters of LA patients. Furthermore, miR218 overexpression could suppress the proliferation, migration and invasion capacities of LA cells via regulation of PI3K/Akt signaling pathway and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) respectively. Results in the current study also revealed that miR-218 upregulation could suppress the tumor growth rate and tumor size of LA mice. B-lymphoma Moloney murine leukemia virus insertion region-1 (BMI-1) was confirmed to be a direct target for miR-218 and upregulated in LA tissues, which indicated the poor prognosis of LA patients. Conclusions: MiR-218 exerted anti-tumor functions in LA partially via the regulation of BMI-1, suggesting that BMI-1/miR-218 axis may provide a novel insight into tumorigenesis and the basis for the development of miRNA-targeting therapies against LA."	1
"Title: Effects of miR-492 on migration, invasion, EMT and prognosis in ovarian cancer by targeting SOX7. Abstract: Ovarian cancer (OC) is one of the most common malignancies in females with high mortality rate. MicroRNAs (miRNAs or miRs) serve as oncogenes or tumor suppressors in various human cancer types, including OC. The aim of this study was to explore the roles of miR-492 in OC. Methods: Two human ovarian cancer cell lines, SKOV3 and CAOV3, and a normal ovarian cell line IOSE80 were used in this study. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) was conducted to measure the mRNA levels of miRNAs and genes. The protein levels of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) associated genes were calculated using Western blot. Transwell assay was utilized to evaluate the migratory and invasive capacities. Results: MiR-492 was overexpressed while SRY-box 7 (SOX7) was lowly expressed in OC tissues and cells. Upregulation of miR-492 or downregulation of SOX7 predicted poor prognosis of OC patients. MiR-492 regulated the expression of SOX7 via directly binding to the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of SOX7 mRNA in SKOV3 OC cells. The expression of miR-492 had a negative relationship with SOX7 in OC tissues. MiR-492 promoted the migration, invasion and EMT through SOX7 in SKOV3 cells. SOX7 could partially reverse the role of miR-492 on the migratory, invasive and EMT abilities in SKOV3 cells. Conclusions: MiR-492 promoted the migratory, invasive and EMT abilities through SOX7 in OC. This suggested that miR-492/SOX7 axis may be an effective candidate therapeutic target for the treatment of OC."	1
"Title: miR-146b Functions as an Oncogene in Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma by Targeting HBP1. Abstract: Oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) represents more than 90% of all oral cancer and is the most common oral threat around the world. In this study, we examined the roles of miR-146b in OSCC cells. The miR-146b expression in OSCC tissues and cell lines was evaluated by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). MTT assay was used to investigate the impact of miR-146b on the growth of OSCC cellsin vitro. Transwell assay was utilized to analyze the effect of miR-146b on the migration and invasion of OSCC cells. Target prediction and luciferase assay were employed to demonstrate the interaction between miR-146b and HMG-Box Transcription Factor 1 (HBP1). Western blot was carried out to investigate the protein expressions of HBP1 related genes. miR-146b expression was significantly higher in OSCC tissues and cells compared with paired normal tissues and normal oral keratinocyte cells. Inhibition of miR-146b decreased cell proliferation, migration, and invasion of OSCC cells. Further studies found that HBP1 was a direct target of miR-146b. Co-inhibition of HBP1 reversed the suppressive impact of miR-146b inhibition on OSCC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. In conclusion-ourresults reveal that miR-146b potentially regulates the proliferation, migration, and invasion of OSCC cells through binding and downregulating HBP1 expression in OSCC cells."	1
"Title: CircRNA_100395 inhibits cell proliferation and metastasis in ovarian cancer via regulating miR-1228/p53/epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) axis. Abstract: Purpose:Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been reported to regulate the incidence of tumor by regulating the transcriptional level and post-transcriptional level of tumor-related genes, and are significantly correlated with tumor metastasis and progression. CircRNA_100395 (circ_100395) has been reported to suppress lung cancer cell proliferation, and might act as an oncogene in deveopment of various cancers. However, the expression and function of circ_100395 in ovarian cancer has not been systematically researched.Methods:The expression of circ_100395 in ovarian cancer tissues was detected by Real-time Quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR), while the relationship between circ_100395 expression and clinicopathological characteristics was further analyzed. After increasing the expression of circ_100395 by plasmid transfection in ovarian cancer cells, we further investigated the cell proliferation, invasion and migration by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8), and Transwell assays. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) pathway was also measured by western blotting. In addition, the relationship among circ_100395, miR-1228 and p53 in ovarian cancer, was explored by luciferase reporter assay.Results:The expression of circ_100395 was found to be significantly down-regulated in ovarian cancer, while low expression of circ_100395 was highly correlated with the poor outcomes. In addition, upregulation of circ_100395 could significantly inhibit tumor growth, metastasis and EMT signaling pathway in ovarian cancer. Furthermore, the expression level of circ_100395 was negatively correlated with the expression of miR-1228, and with the addition of miR-1228 could reverse anti-cell proliferation effect induced by circ_100395 in ovarian cancer cells. In addition, p53 might be the key target of circ_100395 / miR-1228 axis in ovarian cancer.Conclusion:CircRNA_100395 could inhibit cell growth and metastasis of ovarian cancer cells via regulating the miR-1228/p53/EMT axis."	1
"Title: miR-15b-5p Promotes Growth and Metastasis in Breast Cancer by Targeting HPSE2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) can participate in many behaviors of various tumors. Prior studies have reported that miR-15b-5p in different tumors can either promote or inhibit tumor progression. In breast cancer, the role of miR-15b-5p is unclear. The main objective of this paper is to explore miR-15b-5p effects and their mechanisms in breast cancer using bothin vitroandin vivoexperiments. This study showed that miR-15b-5p expression was upregulated in breast cancer compared with normal breast tissue and was positively correlated with poor overall survival in patients. Knockdown of miR-15b-5p in MCF-7 and MD-MBA-231 breast cancer cells restrained cell growth and invasiveness and induced apoptosis, whereas overexpression of miR-15b-5p achieved the opposite effects. We next revealed a negative correlation between miR-15b-5p and heparanase-2 (HPSE2) expression in breast cancer. Knockdown of miR-15b-5p significantly increased HPSE2 expression at both mRNA and protein levels in breast cancer cellsin vitro. The underlying mechanisms of miR-15-5p in breast cancer were investigated using luciferase activity reporter assay and rescue experiments. In addition, miR-15b-5p knockdown significantly inhibited tumor growth in a xenograft model in mice. In summary, we showed that miR-15b-5p promotes breast cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion by directly targeting HPSE2. Accordingly, miR-15b-5p may serve both as a tool for prognosis and as a target for therapy of breast cancer patients."	1
"Title: Berberine Reverses Doxorubicin Resistance by Inhibiting Autophagy Through the PTEN/Akt/mTOR Signaling Pathway in Breast Cancer. Abstract: Berberine (BBR), a traditional Chinese medicine, has been shown effects on inhibiting cancer development. Autophagy-mediated resistance plays an important role in cancer progression; therefore, regulation of autophagy is a novel therapeutic strategy for cancer treatment. However, effects of BBR on autophagy-mediated resistance have not been reported. Methods: MCF-7 breast cancer cells and the doxorubicin (ADR)-resistant MCF-7 cells (MCF-7/ADR) were used for analyses. Western blotting was conducted to evaluate protein expression; MTT, colony formation, and EdU assays were conducted to assess cell proliferation; transmission electron microscopy was used to monitor autophagy levels; and a xenograft tumor model was established to assess the effects of BBR on reversing doxorubicin resistance. Results: We confirmed that BBR, recently identified as a suppressor of autophagy, inhibits autophagosome formation in MCF-7/ADR cells. Treatment with BBR blocked the accumulation of the autophagy-associated protein LC3II, resulting in cellular accumulation of p62, reduced cell proliferation, and reversal of doxorubicin resistance. Mechanistically, we found that BBR inhibited autophagy by modulating the PTEN/Akt/mTOR signaling pathway. In vivo, our study showed that BBR exerts clear anti-tumor effects. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that BBR reverses doxorubicin resistance in breast cancer cells by inhibiting autophagy. This finding highlights the potential clinical application of BBR in the treatment of breast cancer."	1
"Title: Role of long non-coding RNA NEAT1 in the prognosis of prostate cancer patients. Abstract: Prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer-related deaths among male population worldwide, its incidence and lethality steadily increase. Nuclear enriched abundant transcript 1 (NEAT1) is a long non-coding RNA (ncRNA), located on chromatin 11. It has been found to function as an oncogene in different kinds of cancer. However, until now, the clinical significance of NEAT1 has not been investigated in prostate cancer.Paired tissue specimens of prostate cancer and matched normal prostate tissues were obtained from 130 patients with prostate cancer between 2014 and 2019 at The Fourth Affiliated Hospital Zhejiang University, School of Medicine. Group means were compared using the Student t test. Chi-Squared test was used for analyzing the correlation of the expression of NEAT1 with clinicopathologic features of prostate cancer patients. Survival data was analyzed using the Kaplan-Meier estimate and log-rank P was calculated. Cox regression model was used for univariate and multivariate analysis for factors related to overall survival.The expression of NEAT1 was increased significantly in prostate cancer tissues, compared with adjacent normal prostate tissues (P < .001). NEAT1 expression was significantly associated with TNM stage (P = .005), lymph nodes metastasis (P = .005), distant metastasis(P = .003), and Gleason score (P = .001). Overall survival rate was significantly lower for prostate cancer patients with a high expression level of NEAT1 than those with a low NEAT1a expression level (P = .048). In multivariate analysis, the results showed that the expression of NEAT1 was an independent prognostic factor for overall patient survival (HR: 2.111, CI: 1.735-10.295, P = .039).In the present study, NEAT1 is identified as an important lncRNA that may predict the prognosis of patients with prostate cancer."	1
"Title: CircRNA DONSON contributes to cisplatin resistance in gastric cancer cells by regulating miR-802/BMI1 axis. Abstract: Circular RNA downstream neighbor of SON (circDONSON) has been revealed to promote gastric cancer (GC) growth and invasion, while the role and molecular mechanism underlying circDONSON in GC cisplatin (DDP) resistance remain unclear. Methods: Levels of circDONSON, microRNA (miR)-802, and B lymphoma Mo-MLV insertion region 1 (BMI1) mRNA were detected using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Cell viability and apoptosis were measured by cell counting kit-8 assay, colony formation assay and flow cytometry, respectively. Protein levels of BMI1, Cyclin D1, p27, Caspase-3 Cleavage and Caspase-9 Cleavage were determined by western blot. The interaction between miR-802 and circDONSON or BMI1 was confirmed by dual-luciferase reporter assay. In vivo experiments were conducted via the murine xenograft model. Results: CircDONSON was elevated in GC tissues and cell lines, especially in DDP-resistant GC tissues and cells. Knockdown of circDONSON sensitized GC cells to DDP by inhibiting cell viability and promoting cell apoptosis in vitro. Further mechanism-related investigations suggested that circDONSON functioned as ""sponge"" by competing for miR-802 binding to modulate its target BMI1. Silencing miR-802 reversed the inhibition of DDP-resistance in GC cells induced by circDONSON down-regulation. Besides, miR-802 alleviated DDP resistance in GC cells by targeting BMI1. Functionally, circDONSON knockdown enhanced the cytotoxicity of DDP in GC in vivo. Conclusion: Our findings demonstrated circDONSON promoted cisplatin resistance in gastric cancer cells by regulating miR-802/BMI1 axis, shedding light on the development of a novel therapeutic strategy to overcome chemoresistance in gastric cancer patients."	1
"Title: miR-4429 Regulates the Proliferation, Migration, Invasion, and Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition of Cervical Cancer by Targeting FOXM1. Abstract: miR-4429 acts as an inhibitor in many malignant tumors and participates in the biological processes of them, but the clinical value and potential molecular mechanism of miR-4429 in cervical cancer (CC) are still under investigation. Objective: To analyze the clinical value and molecular mechanism of miR-4429 in CC. Materials and methods: A qRT-PCR assay was employed to determine the levels of miR-4429 and forkhead-box M1 (FOXM1) in CC tissues, CC cell lines (SiHa, CaSki, ME-180, and C33A) and human normal immortalized epithelial cell lines (HaCaT). The proliferation, migration, invasion, and apoptosis abilities of ME-180 and C33A cells were detected, and the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT)-related proteins in the cells were also determined. Results: MiR-4429 acted as a tumor suppressor gene in CC tissues and cells and was linked to lymph node metastasis and International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) staging. The survival analysis revealed that lymph node metastasis, high FIGO staging, and low miR-4429 expression were all related to the unfavorable prognosis of the patients, and the dual-luciferase reporter assay revealed that FOXM1 was the target of miR-4429. Both overexpression of miR-4429 and knock-down of FOXM1 inhibited the proliferation, migration, invasion, and EMT of CCCs, and accelerated the apoptosis of them. Conversely, both knockdown of miR-4429 and overexpression of FOXM1 promoted those biological behaviors of the cells. Moreover, the rescue experiment revealed that the overexpression of FOXM1 reversed the influences of miR-4429 overexpression on the proliferation, migration, invasion, and EMT of CCCs. Conclusion: miR-4429 acts as a tumor suppressor in CC and can directly target FOXM1 to regulate the proliferation, migration, invasion, apoptosis and EMT of CCCs, so miR-4429 is expected to be a new therapeutic target for CC."	1
"Title: Long Noncoding RNA PVT1 Promotes Prostate Cancer Metastasis by Increasing NOP2 Expression via Targeting Tumor Suppressor MicroRNAs. Abstract: Metastatic disease caused by prostate cancer (PCa) is the principal cause of PCa-related mortality. Long non-protein-coding RNAs may possess significant cellular functions. Plasmacytoma variant translocation 1 (PVT1), a long non-coding RNA encoded by the human PVT1 gene, is an oncogene, which can regulate several tumor-related genes. In PCa, the function and mechanism of PVT1 are unclear. NOP2 is being pursued as a prognostic marker for cancer aggressiveness, which promotes mouse fibroblast growth and tumor formation. Essentially, nothing is known about the specific interactions between the PVT1 and NOP2. Methods: 190 pairs of PCa tissues and adjacent normal tissues were collected and RNA sequencing was used to identify the differential lncRNAs. Real-time quantitative real-time PCR (RT-qPCR) confirmed these results and gene regulatory relationship. Lentiviral vectors were used to alter PVT1 and genes to analyze their effects on PCa progression. Transwell migration and invasion assays were performed to test the metastasis ability. Biofunction of PVT1 and NOP2 were confirmed in vitro and in vivo. Results: In this study, we reported that the long noncoding RNA-PVT1 was upregulated in PCa metastasis tissues and promoted migration of PCa cells in vitro and their metastasis in vivo. High levels of PVT1 significantly downregulated tumor suppressor microRNAs (miRNAs), such as miR-15b-5p, miR-27a-3p, miR-143-3p, and miR-627-5p, whose levels in metastasis tissues were low compared to those in non-metastasis tissues. In vitro and in vivo, PVT1 promotes PCa metastasis via targeting miRNAs. Furthermore, the expression level of PVT1 was positively associated with the expression of NOP2, a cancer metastasis-related protein. We demonstrated that NOP2 promoted invasion and migration of PCa. For specific mechanism, correlation analysis showed that PVT1 promoted metastasis by up-regulating NOP2. Conclusion: Taken together, our results show that PVT1 acts as an inducer of PCa metastasis via targeting miRNAs, thereby promoting NOP2. This axis may have diagnostic and therapeutic potential for advanced PCa."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA NORAD exhaustion represses prostate cancer progression through inhibiting TRIP13 expression via competitively binding to miR-495-3p. Abstract: Prostate cancer (PCa) is a malignant heterogeneous tumor that threatens men's health. Long non-coding RNA activated by DNA damage (NORAD) and microRNA-495-3p (miR-495-3p) have been revealed to be concerned with the tumorigenesis and progression of diverse cancers. Nevertheless, the regulatory mechanism between NORAD and miR-495-3p in PCa is unclear. Methods: The expression of NORAD, miR-495-3p, and thyroid hormone receptor interactor 13 (TRIP13) mRNA was detected with quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The levels of Bcl-2, Bax, Cleaved-casp-3, TRIP13, cyclin D1, and PCNA were detected through western blot analysis. The proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion of PCa cells were assessed through 3-(4, 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT), flow cytometry, or transwell assays. The relationship between NORAD or TRIP13 and miR-495-3p was confirmed via dual-luciferase reporter, RIP, or RNA pull-down assays. Results: NORAD and TRIP13 were upregulated while miR-495-3p was downregulated in PCa tissues and cells. Both NORAD silencing and miR-495-3p upregulation accelerated cell apoptosis and curbed cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in PCa cells. Also, NORAD silencing repressed tumor growth in vivo. Notably, NORAD modulated TRIP13 expression by competitively binding to miR-495-3p. Furthermore, miR-495-3p repression reversed NORAD knockdown-mediated effects on the malignant behaviors of PCa cells. Moreover, TRIP13 enhancement overturned the effects of miR-495-3p overexpression on the proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion of PCa cells. Conclusion: NORAD depletion inhibited PCa advancement via the miR-495-3p/ TRIP13 axis, which provided a potential tactic for PCa treatment."	1
"Title: circSMARCA5 Promoted Osteosarcoma Cell Proliferation, Adhesion, Migration, and Invasion through a Competing Endogenous RNA Network. Abstract: Osteosarcoma (OS) is a widely common sort among bone cancer in children, and its overall survival ratio is low. The hidden mechanism of tumor genesis, progression, and metastasis regarding osteosarcoma needed to be further investigated. Emerging studies concentrated on exploring the functional roles of circular RNAs (circRNAs) in human cancers. The present study conducted a loss-of-function experiments to explore the circSMARCA5-induced influence on OS proliferation, cell cycle, and metastasis. Moreover, our manuscript unearthed the potential mechanisms of circSMARCA5 in regulating OS progression by in silico analysis. Our findings would provide new evidence to support that circSMARCA5 could be indicated as a biomarker for OS."	1
"Title: TXNDC9 regulates oxidative stress-induced androgen receptor signaling to promote prostate cancer progression. Abstract: Reactive oxygen species (ROS) and ROS-induced oxidative stress are associated with prostate cancer (PCa) development and castrate-resistant tumor progression. This is in part through the activation of the androgen receptor (AR) signaling. However, the molecular underpinning of ROS to activate AR remains poorly understood. Here, we report that the thioredoxin domain-containing 9 (TXNDC9) is an important regulator of ROS to trigger AR signaling. TXNDC9 expression is upregulated by ROS inducer, and increased TXNDC9 expression in patient tumors is associated with advanced clinical stages. TXNDC9 promotes PCa cell survival and proliferation. It is required for AR protein expression and AR transcriptional activity under oxidative stress conditions. Mechanistically, ROS inducers promote TXNDC9 to dissociate from PRDX1, but enhance a protein association with MDM2. Concurrently, PRDX1 enhances its association with AR. These protein interaction exchanges result in not only MDM2 protein degradation, but also PRDX1 mediated AR protein stabilization, and subsequent elevation of AR signaling. Blocking PRDX1 by its inhibitor, Conoidin A (CoA), suppresses AR signaling, PCa cell proliferation, and xenograft tumor growth even under androgen-deprived conditions. These tumor-suppressive effects of CoA were further strengthened when in combination with enzalutamide treatment. Together, these studies demonstrate that the TXNDC9-PRDX1 axis plays an important role for ROS to activate AR functions. It provides a proof-of-principle that co-targeting AR and PRDX1 may be more effective to control PCa growth."	1
"Title: Long non?coding RNA NEAT1 promotes ovarian cancer cell invasion and migration by interacting with miR?1321 and regulating tight junction protein 3 expression. Abstract: Previous studies have reported that long non?coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have a significant role in the metastasis of tumors, including ovarian cancer (OC). The aim of the present study was to demonstrate the function and working mechanism of lncRNA nuclear enriched abundant transcript 1 (NEAT1) in OC. The expressions of NEAT1 in OC were measured by reverse transcription?quantitativePCR (RT?qPCR). The effects of NEAT1 on cell proliferation, invasion, migration and epithelial?mesenchymal transition (EMT) were detected by Cell Counting Kit?8, transwell and wound healing assays, and western blotting. Dual?luciferase reporter assays were performed to confirm the correlated between NEAT and miR?1321, miR?1321 and TJP3. The effect of NEAT1 on miR?1321 and TJP3 was confirmed by RT?qPCR and western blotting. Elevated expression of NEAT1 was observed in OC cell lines, and NEAT1 expression was found to be positively related to the expression of tight junction protein 3 (TJP3), which is important in cancer development. Moreover, the present results indicated that NEAT1 and TJP3 expression levels were negatively correlated with microRNA (miR)?1321 expression in OC. Knockdown of NEAT1 attenuated the migration and invasion of OC cells, as well as increased miR?1321 expression and in turn led to the reduction of TJP3. Thus, the present study demonstrated that NEAT1 regulates TJP3 expression by sponging miR?1321 and enhances the epithelial?mesenchymal transition, invasion and migration of OC cells. Overall, the present study identified the function and mechanism of NEAT1 in OC, suggesting that NEAT1 may be a promising therapeutic target for OC metastasis."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?15b?5p exerts its tumor repressive role via targeting GDI2: A novel insight into the pathogenesis of thyroid carcinoma. Abstract: Thyroid carcinoma (THCA) is a malignant tumor of the endocrine system. Previous studies have revealed the vital roles of microRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) in THCA procession. The present study aimed to explore the effects of miR?15b?5p on the progression of THCA and its targeting mechanism. The data of THCA and healthy samples were firstly collected from starbase2.0 and used to analyze the relationship of miR?15b?5p with THCA. Dual?luciferase assay was performed to detect the direct interaction between miR?15b?5p and the predicted target gene GDP dissociation inhibitor 2 (GDI2). The effects of miR?15b?5p and GDI2 on the overall survival of patients with THCA were analyzed using Kaplan?Meier analysis with log rank test. Cell Counting Kit?8 and Transwell assays were conducted to assess the impacts of miR?15b?5p and GDI2 on the proliferation and invasion of THCA cells. Reverse transcription?quantitative PCR and western blot analyses were performed to analyze the expression levels of the related miRNAs and proteins, respectively. miR?15b?5p was found to be downregulated both in THCA tissues and cells, and the low expression of miR?15b?5p was associated with the short overall survival time of patients. Moreover, the upregulation or downregulation of miR?15b?5p could inhibit or enhance the proliferation and invasion of THCA cells, respectively. miR?15b?5p reduced the protein expression levels of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)2 and MMP9, which were related to cell invasion. Furthermore, GDI2, which was enhanced in THCA and related to the poor prognosis of patients with THCA, was identified as the target gene of miR?15b?5p and negatively regulated by miR?15b?5p. Additional experiments demonstrated that GDI2 overexpression could significantly reduce the antitumor effect of miR?15b?5p and its inhibitory action on the expression levels of MMP2 and MMP9. Thus, the results indicated a potential tumor suppressive role of miR?15b?5p in THCA, which was mainly exerted by targeting GDI2 and modulating MMP2 and MMP9. These findings will increase the understanding on the pathogenesis of THCA and provide novel candidates for THCA therapy."	1
"Title: Knockdown of CircCRIM1 Inhibits HDAC4 to Impede Osteosarcoma Proliferation, Migration, and Invasion and Facilitate Autophagy by Targeting miR-432-5p. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) serve for a genre of considerable modulatory molecules that have been largely researched in human cancers. However, the contribution of circRNA cysteine-rich transmembrane bone morphogenetic protein regulator 1 (circCRIM1) to osteosarcoma (OS) is completely unclear. Methods: All the RNA levels were examined via quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Cellular proliferation and migration/invasion were, respectively, analyzed using 3-(4, 5-dimethylthiazol-2-y1)-2, 5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay and transwell assay. The determination of all protein expression was administrated by Western blot. Dual-luciferase reporter assay was used for proving the target combination. The exploration of circCRIM1 in vivo was performed by xenograft assay. Results: In OS tissues and cells, circCRIM1 was differentially up-regulated. Functionally, cell proliferation, migration and invasion were suppressed while autophagy was promoted after circCRIM1 was down-regulated in OS cells. Mechanistically, mircoRNA-432-5p (miR-432-5p) was a miRNA target of circCRIM1 and the inhibitory effect of circCRIM1 knockdown on OS progression was achieved by targeting miR-432-5p. Moreover, histone deacetylase 4 (HDAC4) was a downstream gene of miR-432-5p and circCRIM1 targeted miR-432-5p to up-regulate HDAC4 level. MiR-432-5p inhibited proliferation, migration, and invasion but enhanced autophagy of OS cells through down-regulating HDAC4. In vivo, knockdown of circCRIM1 decreased OS growth via acting on the miR-432-5p/HDAC4 axis. Conclusion: Our findings elucidated the oncogenic function of circCRIM1 in OS via the regulation of the miR-432-5p/HDAC4 axis, affording a novel view about how circRNA participated in OS development."	1
"Title: Overexpression of lncRNA CASC2 inhibits the tumorigenesis of thyroid cancer via sponging miR-24-3p. Abstract: The incidence of thyroid cancer continues to rise all over the world. Thus, it is urgent to find a novel strategy for the treatment of thyroid cancer. Previous reports have confirmed that lncRNA CASC2 is involved in the pathogenesis of thyroid cancer. However, the mechanism by which CASC2 mediates the tumorigenesis of thyroid cancer remains unclear. Methods: Gene and protein expressions in tissues or cells were detected by q-PCR and Western blot, respectively. Cell proliferation was tested by MTT assay. Flow cytometry was used to test cell apoptosis. Cell migration and invasion in thyroid cancer cells was detected by transwell assay. In addition, the correlation between CASC2 and miR-24-3p were investigated by Targetscan and dual-luciferase reporter assay. Finally, xenograft mice model was established to detect the effect of CASC2 on thyroid cancer in vivo . Results: CASC2 was significantly downregulated in thyroid cancer. Overexpression of CASC2 inhibited the proliferation, migration, and invasion of thyroid cancer cells. In addition, upregulation of CASC2 could inhibit the tumorigenesis of TC via sponging miR-24-3p. Furthermore, overexpression of CASC2 significantly suppressed the growth of thyroid cancer in vivo . Conclusion: Overexpression of CCASC2 inhibits the tumorigenesis of thyroid cancer in vitro and in vivo . Thus, CASC2 may serve as a novel target for the treatment of thyroid cancer."	1
"Title: Oncolytic Vaccinia Virus-Mediated Antitumor Effect and Cell Proliferation Were Promoted in PTC by Regulating circRNA_103598/miR-23a-3p/IL-6 Axis. Abstract: Papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC) is the most common type of thyroid malignancy, and cases have been rising steadily worldwide in the past few decades. Despite great progress having been made in surgery and chemotherapy for PTC, the survival rate of PTC patients has not increased significantly. Therefore, there is an urgent need to explore novel treatment strategies. Materials and methods: The levels of circRNA_103598, miR-23a-3p and IL-6 mRNA in PTC tissues and cells were examined by qRT-PCR assay. Cell proliferation and IC 50 values of oncolytic vaccinia virus (OVV) were detected by CCK-8 assay. A dual-luciferase reporter assay was performed to detect the relationships among circRNA_103598, miR-23a-3p and IL-6. ELISA was carried out to detect the expression of IL-6. Results: We found that circRNA_103598 was increased in PTC tissues and cell lines and acted as a sponge for miR-23a-3p. Moreover, knockdown of miR-23a-3p suppressed the OVV-mediated antitumor effect and cell proliferation in PTC. In addition, we revealed that circRNA_103598 bound to miR-23a-3p as a sponge to promote IL-6 expression. Conclusion: Our study first revealed the high expression and oncogenic function of circRNA_103598 in PTC cells. Then, circRNA_103598 sponged miR-23a-3p to upregulate IL-6 expression, with the resulted that cell proliferation was promoted and the OVV-mediated antitumor effect was enhanced by strengthening the viral replication, providing new insights into future therapy for PTC."	1
"Title: Inhibition of microRNA-15b-5p Attenuates the Progression of Oral Squamous Cell Carcinoma via Modulating the PTPN4/STAT3 Axis. Abstract: Emerging evidence has demonstrated the important functions of microRNAs (miRNAs) in human malignancies. This study focuses on the function of miR-15b-5p on the oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) progression and the molecules involved. Methods: Tumor and the paracancerous tissues were obtained from OSCC patients. Differentially expressed miRNAs between the tumor and normal tissues were screened out. miR-15b-5p expression in tumors and acquired cells was determined, and its correlation with patient survival was analyzed. Knockdown of miR-15b-5p was introduced in SCC-4 and CAL-27 cells to explore its role in cell growth and metastasis. Binding relationship between miR-15b-5p and PTPN4 was validated, and altered expression of PTPN4 was introduced in cells to explore its function in OSCC development. Xenograft tumors were induced in nude mice for in vivo experiments. Results: miR-15b-5p was abundantly expressed in OSCC tumors and cells and linked to poor survival in patients. Silencing of miR-15b-5p suppressed proliferation, migration, and invasion and triggered apoptosis in SCC-4 and CAL-27 cells. miR-15b-5p targeted PTPN4 . Further silencing of PTPN4 blocked the inhibiting functions of miR-15b-5p inhibitor in OSCC cell growth. The in vitro results were reproduced in vivo, where inhibition of miR-15b-5p led to a decline in tumor growth and metastasis in nude mice. PTPN4 was found as a negative mediator of the STAT3 pathway. Conclusion: This study evidenced that miR-15b-5p possibly promotes OSCC development through binding to PTPN4 and the following STAT3 signaling activation. miR-15b-5p may be a potential therapeutic target for OSCC."	1
"Title: Fibronectin 1 inhibits the apoptosis of human trophoblasts by activating the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Abstract: The excessive apoptosis of human trophoblasts can cause pregnancy?related diseases. It has been reported that fibronectin 1 (FN1) is closely associated with the invasion of human trophoblasts. The aim of the present study was to examine the effects of FN1 on the apoptosis of human trophoblasts and to investigate the underlying molecular mechanisms. It was found that FN1, a differentially expressed gene (DEG) in the GSE127170 dataset, was identified as the hub gene in a protein?protein interaction (PPI) network generated using the cytoHubba plug?in of Cytoscape software. The Metascape website was used to perform GO enrichment analysis, and the Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) pathway database was used to perform KEGG pathway analysis. Experimental analyses revealed that FN1 expression was downregulated in the chorionic villus tissues of patients diagnosed with and mice subjected to spontaneous abortion (SA). CCK?8 and flow cytometric assays revealed that the knockdown of FN1 decreased the viability and promoted the apoptosis of JEG?3 and BeWo cells. In vivo experiments demonstrated that the knockdown of FN1 promoted the apoptosis of trophoblasts in the chorionic villus tissues obtained from mice subjected to SA, whereas FN1 overexpression increased cell viability and inhibited cell apoptosis. The protein levels of cleaved caspase?3 and Bax were increased by the silencing of FN1 and decreased by FN1 overexpression. The protein expression levels of Bcl?2, proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) and Ki67 were decreased by the silencing of FN1; however, the overexpression of FN1 increased these levels. The results of western blot analysis revealed that the knockdown of FN1 inhibited the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway, while the overexpression of FN1 activated the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway. Consistently, the apoptosis?inhibiting effect of FN1 overexpression was reversed by a PI3K/Akt signaling pathway inhibitor, and the apoptosis?promoting effect of FN1 silencing was reversed by a PI3K/Akt signaling pathway activator. On the whole, the findings of the present study demonstrate that the inhibition of FN1 induces the apoptosis of JEG?3 and BeWo cells, and the overexpression of FN1 inhibits cell apoptosis by activating the PI3K/Akt signaling pathway."	1
"Title: Down-regulated HDAC3 elevates microRNA-495-3p to restrain epithelial-mesenchymal transition and oncogenicity of melanoma cells via reducing TRAF5. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are emerging biomarkers in biological processes and the role of miR-495-3p has been identified in melanoma, while the detailed molecular mechanisms remain to be further explored. We aim to explore the effect of histone deacetylase 3 (HDAC3) and miR-495-3p on epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and oncogenicity of melanoma cells by regulating tumour necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 5 (TRAF5). Levels of HDAC3, miR-495-3p and TRAF5 in melanoma tissues and pigmented nevus tissues were determined, and the predictive roles of HDAC3 and miR-495-3p in prognosis of melanoma patients were measured. The melanoma cells were screened and transfected with relative oligonucleotides and plasmids, and the expression of HDAC3, miR-495-3p and TRAF5, and phenotypes of melanoma cells were gauged by a series of assays. The relations between HDAC3 and miR-495-3p, and between miR-495-3p and TRAF5 were confirmed. HDAC3 and TRAF5 were increased while miR-495-3p was decreased in melanoma cells and tissues, and the low expression of miR-495-3p as well as high expression of HDAC3 indicated a poor prognosis of melanoma patients. Inhibited HDAC3 elevated miR-495-3p to suppress EMT and oncogenicity of melanoma cells by reducing TRAF5. HDAC3 particularly bound to miR-495-3p and TRAF5 was the target gene of miR-495-3p. Our results revealed that down-regulated HDAC3 elevates miR-495-3p to suppress malignant phenotypes of melanoma cells by inhibiting TRAF5, thereby repressing EMT progression of melanoma cells. This study may provide novel targets for melanoma treatment."	1
"Title: MicroRNA?432 inhibits the aggressiveness of glioblastoma multiforme by directly targeting IGF?1R. Abstract: MicroRNA?432 (miR?432) has been studied in multiple tumors, but the expression status, biological functions and the mechanism of action of miR?432 in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) are yet to be elucidated. In the present study, miR?432 expression in GBM was determined and its clinical significance was evaluated among patients with GBM. The effects on the malignancy of GBM in vitro and in vivo were examined in detail and the interactions between miR?432 and insulin?like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF?1R) mRNA were then explored. miR?432 expression in GBM tissue samples and cell lines was measured by reverse transcription?quantitative (RT?q)PCR. GBM cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion in vitro and tumor growth in vivo were evaluated by a Cell Counting Kit?8 assay, flow?cytometric analysis, Transwell migration and invasion assays, and a tumor xenograft experiment, respectively. Bioinformatic analysis followed by a luciferase reporter assay, RT?qPCR and western blotting was applied to demonstrate that IGF?1R is a direct target gene of miR?432 in GBM cells. It was found that miR?432 is downregulated in GBM tumors and cell lines. miR?432 under expression obviously correlated with the Karnofsky Performance Status score and shorter overall survival among patients with GBM. Exogenous miR?432 expression significantly reduced proliferation and induced apoptosis of GBM cells. In addition, miR?432 overexpression impaired the migratory and invasive abilities of GBM cells in vitro and decreased their tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore, IGF?1R was validated as a direct target gene of miR?432 in GBM cells. IGF?1R knockdown imitated the tumor?suppressive actions of miR?432 overexpression in GBM cells. Rescue experiments proved IGF?1R downregulation to be essential for the effects of miR?432 on GBM cells. The results of the present study revealed a tumor?suppressive role of the miR?432?IGF?1R axis in GBM cells and this axis may have implications for GBM therapy."	1
"Title: Circular RNA cSMARCA5 regulates the progression of cervical cancer by acting as a microRNA?432 sponge. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been shown to be involved in the development of cancer. The aim of the present study was to investigate the role of circRNA SMARCA5 (cSMARCA5) in human cervical cancer. In the present study, cSMARCA5 expression was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Furthermore, the proliferation rate of cells transduced with viral plasmids expressing small interfering RNA targeting cSMARCA5 was downregulated. Bioinformatics analysis predicted that microRNA (miR)?432 targeted cSMARCA5, and miR?432 was able to interact with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) by binding to its 3'?untranslated region. The expression levels of EGFR, ERK1 and ERK2 were increased in cervical cancer tissues. Furthermore, correlation analysis revealed that cSMARCA5 levels were positively correlated with ERK1 and ERK2 levels. In conclusion, the present findings suggested that cSMARCA5 may play an important role in the progression of cervical cancer via the ERK signaling pathway by modulating miR?432."	1
"Title: Effects of miR-199a on autophagy by targeting glycogen synthase kinase 3? to activate PTEN/AKT/mTOR signaling in an MPP+ in vitro model of Parkinson's disease. Abstract: Objectives: miR-199a can regulate autophagy, its underlying mechanisms remain unknown. The purpose of this study was to investigate the mechanisms of miR-199a involved in regulating autophagy in a 1-methyl-4-phenylpyridine (MPP+)-inducedin vitromodel of PD.Methods: PC12 cells were incubated in MPP+, and the expression levels of miR-199a were bidirectionally regulated via either transfection of an miR-199a mimic or incubation in miR-199a inhibitors. The experimental manipulations were divided into four groups, including the control group, MPP+group, MPP++ miR-199a mimic group, and MPP++ miR-199a inhibitor group. MTT, CCK-8, qRT-PCR, Western blotting and linear correlation analysis were performed to evaluate various experimental indicators.Results: At increasing MPP+concentrations, the following results were found: the expression levels of miR-199a, phosphorylated AKT and mTOR proteins expression decreased; the expression levels of phosphatase and tensin homologue (PTEN), GSK3?, Beclin1, and LC3II increased; PC12 autophagy increased; and cellular viability and survival rates decreased. Transfection of an miR-199a mimic increased miR-199a expression and induced all of the following: the expression levels of PTEN, GSK3?, Beclin1, and LC3II decreased; the expression levels of phosphorylated AKT and mTOR proteins expression increased; PC12 autophagy decreased; and cellular viability and survival rates increased.Discussion: In thisin vitrostudy, we found that increasing miR-199a expression in PC12 cells reduced protein levels of Beclin1 and LC3II, decreased autophagy, enhanced cellular viability, increased survival rate, and ameliorated MPP+-induced parkinsonian-like cellular pathologies by targeting pro-autophagic pathways and GSK3? to activate PTEN/AKT/mTOR signaling."	1
"Title: miR-6089/MYH9/?-catenin/c-Jun negative feedback loop inhibits ovarian cancer carcinogenesis and progression. Abstract: The pathogenesis of ovarian cancer remains to be elucidated. Our previous study demonstrated that myosin heavy chain 9 (MYH9) overexpression was associated with poor prognosis of epithelial ovarian cancer. However, the mechanism of MYH9 and its regulation by microRNA (miR) is not clear. The results of the present study demonstrated that miR-6089 was one of the microRNAs targeting MYH9, and miR-6089 overexpression suppressed ovarian cancer cell proliferation, migration, invasion and metastasis in vivo and in vitro. Mechanistic studies confirmed that miR-6089 directly targeted MYH9 to inactivate the Wnt/?-catenin signalling pathway and its downstream epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), cell-cycle factors and c-Jun, whereas overexpression of MYH9 reversed the inhibitory effects of miR-6089 overexpression in ovarian cancer cells by upregulating the Wnt/?-catenin and its downstream EMT, cell-cycle factors and c-Jun. Interestingly, miR-6089 was transcriptionally inhibited by c-Jun, a transcription factor which could be induced by MYH9 via the Wnt/?-catenin pathway. Thus miR-6089/MYH9/?-catenin/c-Jun formed a negative feedback loop in ovarian cancer. In clinical samples, miR-6089 negatively correlated with MYH9 expression. Our study is the first to demonstrate that miR-6089 serves as a tumor-suppressive miRNA, and miR-6089/MYH9/?-catenin/c-Jun negative feedback loop inhibits ovarian cancer carcinogenesis and progression."	1
"Title: miR-15b enhances the proliferation and migration of lung adenocarcinoma by targeting BCL2. Abstract: Lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) is a subtype of lung cancer (LC), which is the most common tumor worldwide. Accumulating evidence has elucidated an important role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in mediating the development and progression of several tumors. The purpose of this study was to explore the role and underlying mechanism of miR-15b in LUAD. Methods: CCK-8 and Transwell assays were conducted to measure the capacities of cell viability and migration in SPC-A1 cells. Luciferase assay was utilized to verifymiR-15b direct binding to BCL2 mRNA 3'-UTR. Results: We determined that miR-15b was overexpressed in LUAD and miR-15b overexpression predicted a significantly worse outcome in patients with LUAD. miR-15b improved LUAD growth in vitro and vivo. miR-15b enhanced cell migration and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in LUAD. miR-15b promoted cell viability, migration and EMT through inhibiting BCL2 expression by targeting to its mRNA 3'-UTR. BCL2 reversed functions of miR-15b on promoting cell proliferation, migration and EMT in SPC-A1 cells. Conclusions: miR-15b promoted cell viability, migration and EMT by targeting BCL2 in LUAD. The newly identified miR-15b/BCL2 axis provides a novel insight into the pathogenesis of LUAD."	1
"Title: Lung CSC-derived exosomal miR-210-3p contributes to a pro-metastatic phenotype in lung cancer by targeting FGFRL1. Abstract: Lung cancer has the highest mortality rate among human cancers, and the majority of deaths can be attributed to metastatic spread. Lung cancer stem cells (CSCs) are a component of the tumour microenvironment that contributes to this process. Exosomes are small membrane vesicles secreted by all types of cells that mediate cell interactions, including cancer metastasis. Here, we show that lung CSC-derived exosomes promote the migration and invasion of lung cancer cells, up-regulate expression levels of N-cadherin, vimentin, MMP-9 and MMP-1, and down-regulate E-cadherin expression. Moreover, we verified that these exosomes contribute to a pro-metastatic phenotype in lung cancer cells via miR-210-3p transfer. The results of bioinformatics analysis and dual-luciferase reporter assays further indicated that miR-210-3p may bind to fibroblast growth factor receptor-like 1 (FGFRL1); silencing FGFRL1 enhanced the metastatic ability of lung cancer cells, whereas overexpressing FGFRL1 suppressed metastasis. Taken together, our results provide new insights into a potential molecular mechanism whereby lung CSC-derived exosomal miR-210-3p targets FGFRL1 to promote lung cancer metastasis. FGFRL1 may be a promising therapeutic target in lung cancer."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA MIAT promotes the growth of melanoma via targeting miR-150. Abstract: Melanoma is a common skin cancer and it can lead to high mortality probably by early invasion and metastasis. LncRNA MIAT is involved in tumor proliferation, invasion and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT). However, the roles of MIAT in melanoma still require further investigation. Thus, the aim of the study is to investigate the roles of MIAT in melanoma, especially the effects of MIAT on EMT of melanoma cancer cells. The results showed that the expression of MIAT was significantly upregulated in melanoma tissue and cells compared with the normal skin and normal melanocytes; moreover, miR-150 was confirmed as a target of MIAT. Furthermore, knockdown of MIAT inhibited cell proliferation and invasion in melanoma cancer cells and transfection of miR-150 inhibitors partial abrogated the anti-tumor effects of MIAT siRNA. In addition, MIAT siRNA also inhibited the EMT of melanoma cells, while miR-150 inhibitors can reverse the effects of MIAT siRNA. Finally, knockdown of MIAT also inhibited the carcinogenic effects of melanoma in vivo by targeting miR-150. In conclusion, we reported that MIAT promotes the proliferation, invasion and EMT of melanoma cells via targeting miR-150, which suggested that MIAT might be a therapeutic target for the treatment of melanoma."	1
"Title: Circ-RNF111 contributes to paclitaxel resistance in breast cancer by elevating E2F3 expression via miR-140-5p. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been demonstrated to act as key regulators in the chemoresistance of human cancers, including breast cancer (BC). Here, we aimed to explore the role of circ-RNF111 in paclitaxel (PTX) resistance of BC. Methods: Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was employed to determine the expression of circ-RNF111, microRNA-140-5p (miR-140-5p) and E2F transcription factor 3 (E2F3) mRNA. The half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC 50 ) of PTX, cell viability, colony formation and cell invasion were assessed by cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay, colony formation assay and transwell assay, respectively. Glucose consumption and lactate production were determined by specific kits. A murine xenograft model was established to investigate the role of circ-RNF111 in PTX resistance of BC in vivo. Dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay were performed to verify the relationship between miR-140-5p and circ-RNF111 or E2F3. Western blot assay was conducted to examine the protein level of E2F3. Results: Circ-RNF111 was upregulated in PTX-resistant BC tissues and cells. Circ-RNF111 knockdown restrained IC 50 of PTX, cell viability, colony numbers, cell invasion and glycolysis in PTX-resistant BC cells in vitro and enhanced PTX sensitivity in vivo. MiR-140-5p was a target of circ-RNF111 and miR-140-5p expression was negatively correlated with circ-RNF111 expression in BC tissues. The effect of circ-RNF111 knockdown on PTX resistance was rescued by miR-140-5p deletion. Additionally, miR-140-5p could interact with E2F3 and negatively regulate E2F3 expression. Moreover, miR-140-5p suppressed IC 50 of PTX, cell viability, colony numbers, cell invasion and glycolysis by targeting E2F3. Conclusions: Circ-RNF111 improved PTX resistance of BC by upregulating E2F3 via sponging miR-140-5p."	1
"Title: miR?802 inhibits the epithelial?mesenchymal transition, migration and invasion of cervical cancer by regulating BTF3. Abstract: MicroRNA (miR)-802 has been discovered to be involved in the occurrence and development of numerous types of tumor; however, studies into the role of miR?802 in cervical cancer are limited. Therefore, the present study aimed to investigate the regulatory effects of miR?802 in cervical cancer cells. miR?802 expression levels in cervical cancer tissue and cells were analyzed using reverse transcription?quantitative (RT?q)PCR, a dual?reporter luciferase activity assay was used to identify the direct target gene of miR?802, and RT?qPCR and western blotting were performed to determine the relationship between miR?802 and basic transcription factor 3 (BTF3). Cell viability, and migration and invasion were analyzed using Cell Counting Kit?8 and Transwell assays, respectively. Finally, the expression levels of metastasis?associated proteins, N?cadherin and E?cadherin, were determined using RT?qPCR and western blotting. Decreased expression levels of miR?802 were found in cervical cancer tissues and cells, and the overexpression of miR?802 inhibited cell viability, migration and invasion. Moreover, miR?802 was discovered to directly target BTF3 to inhibit its expression. Notably, the overexpression miR?802 markedly reversed the promotive effect of BTF3 on cell viability, in addition to the migratory and invasive abilities of the cells. Simultaneously, the overexpression of miR?802 significantly suppressed epithelial?mesenchymal transition, and the expression levels of matrix metallopeptidase (MMP)2 and MMP9 in cells through regulating BTF3. In conclusion, the present study revealed that miR?802 may suppress cervical cancer progression by decreasing BTF3 expression levels, indicating that it may represent a potential therapeutic target for the treatment and prognosis of patients with cervical cancer."	1
"Title: Knockdown of circ_NEK6 Decreased 131I Resistance of Differentiated Thyroid Carcinoma via Regulating miR-370-3p/MYH9 Axis. Abstract: Radioresistance is a crucial factor for the failure of iodine 131 (131I)-based radiotherapy for differentiated thyroid carcinoma (DTC). This study aimed to explore the effect of circ_NEK6 on the development of131I resistance in DTC and its potential mechanism. In this study, we demonstrated that circ_NEK6 expression was significantly elevated in131I-resistant DTC tissues and cell lines. Knockdown of circ_NEK6 significantly repressed131I resistance via inhibiting cell proliferation, migration, invasion abilities, and inducing cell apoptosis and DNA damage in131I-resistant DTC cells. Mechanistically, knockdown of circ_NEK6 suppressed131I resistance in DTC by upregulating the inhibitory effect of miR-370-3p on the expression of myosin heavy chain 9 (MYH9).In vivoexperiments showed that circ_NEK6 inhibition aggravated131I radiation-induced inhibition of xenograft tumor growth. Taken together, knockdown of circ_NEK6 repressed131I resistance in DTC cells by regulating the miR-370-3p/MYH9 axis, indicating that circ_NEK6 may act as a potential biomarker and therapeutic target for DTC patients with131I resistance."	1
"Title: miR-9-5p Promotes Lung Adenocarcinoma Cell Proliferation, Migration and Invasion by Targeting ID4. Abstract: ObjectivesEvidence reveals that microRNAs (miRNAs) are abnormally expressed in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD) tissue and are crucial in LUAD occurrence. Therefore, this study aims to find the miRNA which could regulate LUAD and to further explore its regulatory mechanism, thus providing a potential molecular target for LUAD.MethodsmiR-9-5p and ID4 expression in LUAD cells were measured by real-time quantitative PCR and western blot. Cell functional assays were conducted to detect the biological functions of LUAD cells. A dual-luciferase reporter assay was utilized to validate the binding relationship between miR-9-5p and ID4.ResultsmiR-9-5p was highly expressed whereas ID4 was lowly expressed in LUAD. miR-9-5p facilitated LUAD cell progression by targeting ID4.ConclusionmiR-9-5p promotes LUAD cell progression by modulating ID4 and may become a potential target for LUAD."	1
"Title: Knockdown of circRNA_0007534 suppresses the tumorigenesis of cervical cancer via miR-206/GREM1 axis. Abstract: Increasing evidence manifested that circular RNAs (circRNAs) acted as crucial regulators in human cancers by targeting the miRNA/mRNA axis, including cervical cancer (CC). Circ_0007534 was reported to promote CC cell proliferation and invasion by the miR-498/BMI-1 axis. The aim of this study was to explore a novel miRNA/mRNA network underlying circ_0007534 in CC regulation. Methods: The quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was implemented to examine the levels of circ_0007534, miR-206 and Gremlin1 (GREM1). Cell viability was determined using MTT assay. BrdU and colony formation assays were performed for analyzing cell proliferation. Cell apoptosis was assessed by flow cytometry. The protein levels of GREM1 and apoptotic markers (Bcl-2, Bax, C-Caspase3) were measured via western blot. Cell invasion was detected by transwell assay. The target relationship was analyzed by dual-luciferase reporter assay. The impact of circ_0007534 on CC growth in vivo was ascertained by xenograft assay. Results: Circ_0007534 expression was aberrantly increased in CC tissues and cells. Functionally, knockdown of circ_0007534 reduced CC cell growth and invasion but motivated apoptosis. In the mechanism, circ_0007534 targeted miR-206 and its regulatory function was associated with sponging miR-206. Moreover, circ_0007534 was found to regulate GREM1 level by targeting miR-206. The inhibitory effect of si-circ_0007534 on the malignant progression of CC was reversed after GREM1 was overexpressed. Furthermore, circ_0007534 inhibition also reduced tumor growth of CC in vivo partially by regulating miR-206/GREM1 axis. Conclusion: These results suggested that knockdown of circ_0007534 promoted the level of miR-206 to induce the expression downregulation of GREM1, consequently inhibiting the progression of CC."	1
"Title: LncRNA NEAT1 promotes nucleus pulposus cell matrix degradation through regulating Nrf2/ARE axis. Abstract: This study aimed to assess the role and mechanism of lncRNA NEAT1 in intervertebral disc degeneration (IVD). Methods: LncRNA profile (GSE56081) between IVD and healthy control was downloaded from the Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) database and analyzes differential lncRNA expression. Expression of lncRNA NEAT1 in IVD tissue and TNF-?/IL-1?-stimulated nucleus pulposus cells were further measured by RT-PCR. The lncRNA NEAT1 overexpression plasmids (pcDNA-NEAT1) were constructed and transfected into nucleus pulposus cells. Catabolic biomarkers (MMP-3 and MMP-13), anabolic biomarkers (Col II and Aggrecan) and Nrf2 expression were further measured. To further investigate the function of Nrf2, nucleus pulposus cells were pretreated with or without 25 ?M tert-Butylhydroquinone (TBHQ), a Nrf2 activator, for 18 h and subsequently cotreated with pcDNA-NEAT1. Results: A total of 1432 lncRNAs were differentially expressed in GSE56081. Bioinformatic analysis found that these lncRNAs mainly enriched in Nrf2/ARE signaling pathway. LncRNA NEAT1 was highly expressed in IVD tissues than that of healthy control. Moreover, TNF-?/IL-1? induced a time- and dose-dependent increase in the mRNA expression of lncRNA NEAT1 in the nucleus pulposus cells. Overexpression of lncRNA NEAT1 abates promotes nucleus pulposus cells proliferation but induces matrix degradation. Meanwhile, nucleus and cytoplasm Nrf2 expression was significantly down-regulated by lncRNA NEAT1 upregulation. Nrf2 activator (TBHQ) could partially reverse the inhibitory effects of overexpression of lncRNA NEAT1 on matrix degradation. Conclusion: Collectively, our data unveiled the lncRNA NEAT1 promotes matrix degradation by regulating Nrf2/ARE signaling pathway, suggesting a potential therapeutic for IVD in the future."	1
"Title: Paeoniflorin Sensitizes Breast Cancer Cells to Tamoxifen by Downregulating microRNA-15b via the FOXO1/CCND1/?-Catenin Axis. Abstract: Paeoniflorin (Pae) possesses anti-tumor activity in various malignancies. However, it is unclear whether Pae plays a sensitizer role in breast cancer (BC) and the molecular mechanisms involved in this process. Our oligonucleotide microarray revealed that microRNA (miR)-15b is the most significantly downregulated miRNA in MCF-7/4-hydroxytamoxifen (4-OHT) cells treated with Pae. This paper summarized the relevance of Pae in BC cell endocrine resistance to tamoxifen (Tam) and the molecular mechanisms involved miR-15b expression. Materials and methods: 4-OHT-resistant BC cell lines were developed and treated with different concentrations of Pae. Flow cytometry, lactose dehydrogenase activity, caspase-3 activity, colony formation, and EdU assays were carried out to assess the impact of Pae on BC cells. Differentially expressed miRNAs in BC cells treated with Pae were analyzed by microarray. Targeting mRNAs of screened miR-15b as well as the binding of forkhead box O1 (FOXO1) to the cyclin D1 (CCND1) promoter sequence were predicted through bioinformatics analysis. Finally, the expression of ?-catenin signaling-related genes in cells was detected by Western blotting. Results: Pae (100 ?g/mL) inhibited the clonality and viability of BC cells, while enhancing apoptosis in vitro. Pae also repressed miR-15b expression. Overexpression of miR-15b restored the growth and resistance of BC cells to 4-OHT. Moreover, Pae promoted FOXO1 expression by downregulating miR-15b, thereby transcriptionally inhibiting CCND1 and subsequently blocking ?-catenin signaling. Conclusion: Pae inhibits 4-OHT resistance in BC cells by regulating the miR-15b/FOXO1/CCND1/?-catenin pathway."	1
"Title: LncRNA MEG8 promotes NSCLC progression by modulating the miR-15a-5p-miR-15b-5p/PSAT1 axis. Abstract: Non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is the most common tumor with severe morbidity and high mortality. Long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) as crucial regulators participate in multiple cancer progressions. However, the role of lncRNA MEG8 in the development of NSCLC remains unclear. Here, we aimed to investigate the effect of lncRNA MEG8 on the progression of NSCLC and the underlying mechanism. Methods: Cell proliferation was analyzed by EdU assays. The impacts of lncRNA MEG8, miR-15a-5p, and miR-15b-5p on cell invasion and migration of NSCLC were assessed by transwell assay. The luciferase reporter gene assay was performed using the Dual-luciferase Reporter Assay System. The effect of lncRNA MEG8, miR-15a-5p, and miR-15b-5p on tumor growth was evaluated in nude mice of Balb/c in vivo. Results: We revealed that the expression levels of MEG8 were elevated in the NSCLC patient tissues compared to that in adjacent normal tissues. The expression of MEG8 was negatively relative to that of miR-15a-5p and miR-15b-5p in the NSCLC patient tissues. The expression of MEG8 was upregulated, while miR-15a-5p and miR-15b-5p were downregulated in NSCLC cell lines. The depletion of MEG8 inhibited NSCLC cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro. MEG8 contributed to NSCLC progression by targeting miR-15a-5p/miR-15b-5p in vitro. LncRNA MEG8 contributes to tumor growth of NSCLC via the miR-15a/b-5p/PSAT1 axis in vivo. Thus, we concluded that lncRNA MEG8 promotes NSCLC progression by modulating the miR-15a/b-5p/PSAT1 axis. Conclusions: Our findings demonstrated that lncRNA MEG8 plays a critical role in NSCLC development. LncRNA MEG8, miR-15a-5p, miR-15b-5p, and PSAT1 may serve as potential targets for NSCLC therapy."	1
"Title: Long Intergenic Non-Coding RNA LINC00885 Promotes Tumorigenesis of Cervical Cancer by Upregulating MACC1 Expression Through Serving as a Competitive Endogenous RNA for microRNA-432-5p. Abstract: Long intergenic non-protein coding RNA 885 (LINC00885) has been well studied in breast cancer; however, its contribution in cervical cancer remains unclear. In this study, we aimed to determine the detailed functions of LINC00885 in cervical cancer and elucidate the underlying molecular regulation mechanism. Methods: The expression status of LINC00885 in cervical cancer was determined using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and by searching The Cancer Genome Atlas database. The detailed functions of LINC00885 in cervical cancer cells were confirmed using Cell Counting Kit 8 assay, flow cytometry analysis, Transwell cell migration and invasion assays, and tumor xenograft assay. Mechanistic experiments included bioinformatics prediction, RNA immunoprecipitation, luciferase reporter assay, and rescue experiments. Results: LINC00885 was clearly overexpressed in cervical cancer, which was linked with unfavorable clinical outcomes. Functionally, LINC00885 deficiency suppressed cervical cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion but stimulated cell apoptosis in vitro. Furthermore, loss of LINC00885 restricted the growth of cervical cancer cells in vivo. Mechanistically, LINC00885 functioned as a competitive endogenous RNA for microRNA-432-5p (miR-432-5p) in cervical cancer. Furthermore, metastasis-associated colon cancer 1 (MACC1) was confirmed as the direct target of miR-432-5p, and LINC00885 could enhance MACC1 expression by sequestering miR-432-5p. Rescue experiments revealed that silencing of miR-432-5p or upregulation of MACC1 expression could effectively counteract the restrained aggressive properties of cervical cancer cells induced by LINC00885 deficiency. Conclusion: LINC00885 upregulated MACC1 expression in cervical cancer cells by sponging miR-432-5p, thereby promoting cancer progression. The LINC00885/miR-432-5p/MACC1 pathway may help in the identification of potential prognostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets in cervical cancer."	1
"Title: The LINC00477/miR-128 axis promotes the progression of polycystic ovary syndrome by regulating ovarian granulosa cell proliferation and apoptosis. Abstract: Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) participate in the pathogenesis of various human diseases. This study aims to investigate the roles of lncRNA LINC00477 in polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), especially the impacts of LINC00477 on the proliferation and migration of human granulosa cells and the related mechanisms. Methods: qRT-PCR analysis was performed to examine the expression pattern of LINC00477 in serum samples of PCOS patients as well as PCOS animal models. The effect of LINC00477 on the viability and apoptosis of ovarian granulosa cells was detected by MTT and flow cytometry assays. The correlation between LINC00477 and miR-128 was verified by bioinformatics analysis and dual-luciferase reporter and RNA pull-down assays. Finally, rescue assays were performed to analyze the effects of the LINC00477-miR-128 axis on the biological behaviors of granulosa cells. Results: LINC00477 was significantly upregulated in the serum of PCOS patients as well as PCOS mouse models. LINC00477 overexpression inhibited the proliferation and promoted the apoptosis of granulosa cells, whereas knockdown of LINC00477 yielded the opposite effects. Moreover, miR-128 mimics partially abrogated the effect of LINC00477 on granulosa cells. Conclusion: LINC00477 may function as a ceRNA to inhibit proliferation and apoptosis of granulosa cells by modulating miR-128 expression."	1
"Title: CircMMP11 regulates proliferation, migration, invasion, and apoptosis of breast cancer cells through miR-625-5p/ZEB2 axis. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been demonstrated to play significant roles in regulating gene expression in tumorigenesis, including breast cancer (BC). This study was designed to explore the role and underlying molecular mechanisms of circMMP11 in BC. Methods: The real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) assay was used for examining expression of circMMP11, microRNA-625-5p (miR-625-5p), and Zinc finger E-box binding homeobox-2 (ZEB2). The protein expression of ZEB2, Vimentin, and E-cadherin was assessed by western blot assay. The proliferation ability of BC cells was determined by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl-2H-tetrazol-3-ium bromide (MTT) and colony-forming assays. The transwell assay was used to measure migration and invasion of BC cells. The apoptotic cells were examined by flow cytometry assay. The interaction association among circMMP11, miR-625-5p, and ZEB2 was confirmed by RNA pull-down and dual-luciferase report assays. A xenograft experiment was established to clarify the role of circMMP11 silencing in vivo. Results: We found that circMMP11 and ZEB2 were overexpressed in BC tissues and cells compared with controls. The suppression of circMMP11 or ZEB2 repressed proliferation, migration, and invasion while induced apoptosis of BC cells. Additionally, miR-625-5p, interacted with ZEB2, was a target of circMMP11 in BC cells. CircMMP11 regulated the expression of ZEB2 by targeting miR-625-5p. Knockdown of circMMP11-mediated effects on BC cells could be abolished by overexpression of ZEB2. Consistently, silencing of circMMP11 impeded the tumor growth in vivo. Conclusions: CircMMP11/miR-625-5p/ZEB2 axis affected proliferation, migration, invasion, and apoptosis of BC cells through the mechanism of competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNA), indicating that circMMP11 was an oncogenic circRNA in BC."	1
"Title: Circular RNA circ_0000372 contributes to the proliferation, migration and invasion of colorectal cancer by elevating IL6 expression via sponging miR-495. Abstract: Circular RNAs are thought to play a vital function in the progression of various cancers, including colorectal cancer (CRC). However, the biological function and mechanism of circ_0000372 in CRC are still not clear. The expression of circ_0000372 and microRNA (miR)-495 was examined by quantitative real-time PCR. Cell proliferation was evaluated using cell counting kit 8 and colony formation assays. Further, cell migration and invasion were assessed using transwell assay. Additionally, western blot analysis was used to detect the expression of proteins associated with proliferation, metastasis, Janus kinase 2 (JAK2)/signal transducers and activators of transcription (STAT3) signaling pathway and interleukin 6 (IL6). Dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation assay were employed to verify the interaction between miR-495 and circ_0000372 or IL6. Furthermore, the effect of circ_0000372 on CRC tumor growth in vivo was explored using the mice xenograft models. Circ_0000372 was markedly upregulated in CRC, and its high expression was associated with the poor prognosis of CRC patients. Silenced circ_0000372 was able to suppress CRC cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and CRC tumor growth in vivo. Bioinformatics prediction and experimental verification proposed that circ_0000372 could sponge miR-495, and miR-495 could target IL6. Besides, the JAK2/STAT3 signaling pathway activation could be regulated by circ_0000372, miR-495 and IL6. Rescue assay results confirmed that the inhibition effect of circ_0000372 knockdown on the proliferation and metastasis of CRC could be reversed by miR-495 inhibitor or IL6 overexpression. In short, we concluded that circ_0000372 promoted CRC progression by regulating the miR-495/IL6 axis, suggesting that circ_0000372 could be used as a new prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target for CRC."	1
"Title: Circular RNA circCSPP1 knockdown attenuates doxorubicin resistance and suppresses tumor progression of colorectal cancer via miR-944/FZD7 axis. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been reported to play vital roles in colorectal cancer (CRC). However, only a few circRNAs have been experimentally validated and functionally described. In this research, we aimed to reveal the functional mechanism of circCSPP1 in CRC. Methods: 36 DOX sensitive and 36 resistant CRC cases participated in this study. The expression of circCSPP1, miR-944 and FZD7 were detected by quantitative real time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and the protein levels of FZD7, MRP1, P-gp and LRP were detected by western blot. Cell proliferation, migration, invasion, and apoptosis were assessed by 3-(4, 5-dimethyl-2-thiazolyl)-2, 5-diphenyl-2-H-tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, transwell assay, or flow cytometry analysis, respectively. The interaction between miR-944 and circCSPP1 or frizzled-7 (FZD7) was predicted by Starbase 3.0 and verified by the dual luciferase reporter assay, RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay and RNA pull down assay. Xenograft tumor assay was performed to examine the effect of circCSPP1 on tumor growth in vivo. Results: The expression of circCSPP1 and FZD7 was upregulated while miR-944 expression was downregulated in doxorubicin (DOX)-resistant CRC tissues and cells. CircCSPP1 knockdown significantly downregulated enhanced doxorubicin sensitivity, suppressed proliferation, migration, invasion, and induced apoptosis in DOX-resistant CRC cells. Interestingly, we found that circCSPP1 directly downregulated miR-944 expression and miR-944 decreased FZD7 level through targeting to 3' untranslated region (UTR) of FZD7. Furthermore, circCSPP1 mediated DOX-resistant CRC cell progression and doxorubicin sensitivity by regulating miR-944/FZD7 axis. Besides, circCSPP1 downregulation dramatically repressed CRC tumor growth in vivo. Conclusion: Our data indicated that circCSPP1 knockdown inhibited DOX-resistant CRC cell growth and enhanced doxorubicin sensitivity by miR-944/FZD7 axis, providing a potential target for CRC therapy."	1
"Title: Downregulation of Circ_0071589 Suppresses Cisplatin Resistance in Colorectal Cancer by Regulating the MiR-526b-3p/KLF12 Axis. Abstract: Chemoresistance is one key factor for the failure of cisplatin (CDDP)-based therapy in colorectal cancer (CRC). Although circular RNAs (circRNAs) are associated with chemoresistance development, the role and mechanism of hsa_circ_0071589 (circ_0071589) in the development of CDDP resistance in CRC remain unclear. Methods: CDDP-resistant and sensitive CRC samples were collected. CDDP-resistant HCT116/CDDP and LOVO/CDDP cells were established. The levels of circ_0071589, microRNA (miR)-526b-3p and Krüppel-like factor 12 (KLF12) were detected via quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, Western blot or immunohistochemistry. Cell viability, proliferation, cycle process, apoptosis, migration and invasion were examined via Cell Counting Kit-8, flow cytometry, transwell assay and Western blot. The association between miR-526b-3p and circ_0071589 or KLF12 was predicted by starBase, and explored via dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation. The effect of circ_0071589 on CDDP resistance in CRC in vivo was investigated using a xenograft model. Results: Circ_0071589 level was upregulated in CDDP-resistant CRC tissue samples and cell lines. Circ_0071589 knockdown inhibited CDDP resistance, proliferation, migration and invasion, and promoted apoptosis in CDDP-resistant CRC cells. Circ_0071589 was a sponge for miR-526b-3p. MiR-526b-3p knockdown reversed the role of circ_0071589 inhibition in CDDP resistance. MiR-526b-3p suppressed CDDP resistance by directly targeting KLF12. Circ_0071589 regulated KLF12 expression through modulating miR-526b-3p. Circ_0071589 knockdown aggravated CDDP-induced reduction of xenograft tumor growth by upregulating miR-526b-3p and decreasing KLF12. Conclusion: Knockdown of circ_0071589 repressed CDDP resistance in CDDP-resistant CRC cells by regulating the miR-526b-3p/KLF12 axis."	1
"Title: miR-29a-3p inhibits endometrial cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting VEGFA/CD C42/PAK1. Abstract: This study aimed to investigate the mechanism of miR-29a-3p in regulating endometrial cancer (EC) progression. Methods: A total of 72 EC patients were enrolled. EC cells were transfected. Cells proliferation, cloning ability, migration and invasion were researched by MTT assay, colony formation experiment, cell scratch test and Transwell experiment respectively. Dual-luciferase reporter assay was performed. Xenograft experiment was conducted using nude mice. miR-29a-3p, VEGFA, CDC42, PAK1 and p-PAK1 expression in cells/tissues was investigated by qRT-PCR and Western blot. Results: miR-29a-3p expression was aberrantly reduced in EC patients, which was associated with poor outcome. miR-29a-3p inhibited EC cells proliferation, cloning formation, migration and invasion (P < 0.05 or P < 0.01 or P < 0.001). miR-29a-3p inhibited CDC42/PAK1 signaling pathway activity in EC cells (P < 0.01). VEGFA expression was directly inhibited by miR-29a-3p. miR-29a-3p suppressed EC cells malignant phenotype in vitro and growth in vivo by targeting VEGFA/CDC42/PAK1 signaling pathway (P < 0.05 or P < 0.01). Conclusion: miR-29a-3p inhibits EC cells proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting VEGFA/CDC42/PAK1 signaling pathway."	1
"Title: miR-526b-3p inhibits lung cancer cisplatin-resistance and metastasis by inhibiting STAT3-promoted PD-L1. Abstract: Chemotherapy remains the primary treatment of advanced solid cancer, including lung cancer. However, as first-line treatment, cisplatin-based therapy is restricted by the frequent development of drug resistance. Increasing data showed that the programmed cell death protein ligand 1 (PD-L1) plays a vital role in regulating cisplatin resistance. However, the underlying mechanisms are not fully understood. We found that miR-526b-3p expression declined while PD-L1 was elevated in cisplatin-resistant lung cancer compared to that in cisplatin-sensitive lung cancer by analyzing clinical samples. Significantly, miR-526b-3p was associated with response to cisplatin negatively. We further demonstrated that miR-526b-3p reversed cisplatin resistance, suppressed metastasis, and activated CD8+ T cells in a STAT3/PD-L1-dependent manner. Thus, our findings extended the knowledge of PD-L1-mediated cisplatin resistance of lung cancer. In addition, the introduction of miR-526b-3p provided a new clue to improve the anti-tumor effects of the combination of immunotherapy and chemotherapy."	1
"Title: Long non?coding RNA TTN?AS1 regulates the proliferation, invasion and migration of triple?negative breast cancer by targeting miR?211?5p. Abstract: Increasing evidence has demonstrated that long non?coding RNAs (lncRNAs) serve important roles in numerous malignancies, including triple?negative breast cancer (TNBC). The lncRNA titin?antisense RNA1 (TTN?AS1) has previously been reported to promote tumorigenesis in various types of cancer. The present study aimed to investigate the potential role of TTN?AS1 in breast cancer and the associated underlying mechanisms. Following prediction by Starbase and confirmation by dual?luciferase reporter assay, TINCR was demonstrated to be a target gene for microRNA (miR)?211?5p. The expression levels of TTN?AS1 and miR?211?5p, which was predicted to be targeted by TTN?AS1, in TNBC tissues and in the breast cancer cell lines MDA?MB?453 and MDA?MB?231 were measured using reverse transcription?quantitative PCR. Following TTN?AS1?knockdown, cell proliferation was measured using a Cell Counting Kit?8 assay and colony formation assay, whereas cell invasion and migration were measured using Transwell and wound healing assays, respectively. Luciferase reporter assay was performed to verify the potential interaction between TTN?AS1 and miR?211?5p. In addition, rescue assays were conducted to investigate the effects of TTN?AS1 and miR?211?5p on TNBC development. The results demonstrated that TTN?AS1 expression was significantly upregulated, whereas that of miR?211?5p was found to be downregulated in TNBC tissues and cell lines compared with the matched adjacent normal tissues and normal breast epithelial cell line MCF?10A, respectively. Furthermore, TTN?AS1?knockdown inhibited the proliferation and invasive and migratory abilities of MDA?MB?453 and MDA?MB?231 cells, which was reversed following co?transfection with the miR?211?5p inhibitor. The results from luciferase reporter assay confirmed that miR?211?5p was a direct target of TTN?AS1, suggesting that TTN?AS1 may bind directly to miR?211?5p to negatively regulate its expression. In conclusion, the findings from the present study demonstrated that TTN?AS1 regulated the proliferation and invasive and migratory abilities of TNBC by targeting miR?211?5p. This study may provide some insights into the regulatory mechanism of TNBC and help the development of novel therapeutic interventions for TNBC."	1
"Title: LncRNA HLA Complex Group 11 Knockdown Alleviates Cisplatin Resistance in Gastric Cancer by Targeting the miR-144-3p/UBE2D1 Axis. Abstract: Cisplatin (DDP) treatment is one of the most predominant chemotherapeutic strategies for patients with gastric cancer (GC). LncRNA noncoding RNA HLA complex group 11 (lncRNA HCG11) has been confirmed to promote GC progression. This study attempted to investigate the underlying molecular mechanism of HCG11 in DDP resistance of GC. Methods: qRT-PCR was performed to evaluate the expression of HCG11, microRNA-144-3p (miR-144-3p), and ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme E2 D1 (UBE2D1) in GC. The correlation between HCG11 and clinicopathological features of GC patients was assessed. DDP-resistant GC cells and their parental cells were cultured in different concentrations of DDP. The role of HCG11 for the viability and the half maximal inhibitory concentration (IC50) of DDP in DDP-resistant GC cells was determined by MTT assay. Then, the invasion of DDP-resistant GC cells was measured by transwell assay. Next, a dual-luciferase reporter assay was used to confirm the interactions among HCG11, miR-144-3p, and UBE2D1 in GC. Results: The expression of HCG11 and UBE2D1 was elevated in tumor tissues of GC patients, but miR-144-3p was declined. HCG11 expression was elevated in DDP-resistant GC patients and is strongly correlated with DDP sensitivity and World Health Organization grade in GC patients. HCG11 knockdown reduced the viability, IC50 of DDP, and invasion of DDP-resistant GC cells. Additionally, HCG11 targeted miR-144-3p and miR-144-3p further targeted UBE2D1. Feedback experiments indicated that low expression of miR-144-3p or overexpression of UBE2D1 mitigated the inhibitory effect of HCG11 depletion on DDP resistance of GC cells. Conclusion: HCG11 knockdown attenuated DDP resistance of GC cells through via miR-144-3p/UBE2D1 axis, affording a novel therapeutic strategy for GC."	1
"Title: Regulation of melanoma malignancy by the RP11-705C15.3/miR-145-5p/NRAS/MAPK signaling axis. Abstract: Melanoma is a common lethal skin cancer. Dissecting molecular mechanisms driving the malignancy of melanoma may uncover potential therapeutic targets. We previously identified miR-145-5p as an important tumor-suppressive microRNA in melanoma. Here, we further investigated the roles of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in melanoma. We identified RP11-705C15.3, a regulator of miR-145-5p, as an oncogenic lncRNA in melanoma. RP11-705C15.3 competitively bound miR-145-5p, relieved the repressive roles of miR-145-5p on its target NRAS, upregulated NRAS expression, and activated MAPK signaling. In vitro functional assays revealed that ectopic expression of RP11-705C15.3 promoted melanoma cell proliferation, inhibited apoptosis, and promoted migration and invasion. Silencing of RP11-705C15.3 repressed melanoma cell proliferation, induced apoptosis, and repressed migration and invasion. Notably, the roles of RP11-705C15.3 in melanoma cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion are reversed by miR-145-5p overexpression. In vivo functional assays revealed that RP11-705C15.3 promoted melanoma tumor growth and metastasis, which were also reversed by miR-145-5p overexpression. Furthermore, we investigated the expression of RP11-705C15.3 in clinical melanoma tissues and found that RP11-705C15.3 was increased in melanoma tissues. High expression of RP11-705C15.3 was positively correlated with thickness, ulceration, metastasis, and inferior overall survival. Taken together, our findings suggest RP11-705C15.3 as a novel oncogene in melanoma, and highlight that the RP11-705C15.3/miR-145-5p/NRAS/MAPK signaling axis may be potential therapeutic targets for melanoma."	1
"Title: MiR-186 Suppressed Growth, Migration, and Invasion of Lung Adenocarcinoma Cells via Targeting Dicer1. Abstract: Globally, the fatal form of lung cancer is non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and its most common subtype is lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD). In cancer development and progression, miRNAs play key roles primarily in interacting with cancer-related genes. The main focus of this research was to examine the biological roles of miR-186 in LUAD. Methods: We examined tissues of LUAD and lung cancer cell lines. The expressions of miR-186, Dicer1, Ki-67, and PCNA were determined by immunohistochemistry (IHC), real-time quantitative PCR (RT-PCR), and western blot assays. The CCK-8 and transwell assays were used to determine cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. To determine the association between miR-186 and Dicer1, a luciferase assay was used. Results: MiR-186 expression was found to be lower in LUAD tissues, and this was correlated to TNM stage and lymph node metastasis in LUAD patients. miR-186 upregulation significantly reduced the proliferation rate and the level of Ki67 and PCNA of LUAD cell lines HCC827 and A549. Transwell assay exhibited that miR-186 upregulation considerably reduced HCC827 and A549 cells' migration and invasion abilities. Furthermore, we also confirmed that Dicer1 was a direct target of miR-186. Importantly, Dicer1 overexpression abolished the suppression of miR-186 mimics on cell proliferation, migration, and invasion of HCC827 and A549 cells. Conclusion: These results indicated that the miR-186/Dicer1 pathway is critical for regulating LUAD cell proliferation, migration, and invasion."	1
"Title: Nuclear receptor binding SET domain protein 1 promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition in paclitaxel-resistant breast cancer cells via regulating nuclear factor kappa B and F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 11. Abstract: Breast cancer (BC) is regarded as the major cause of cancer-associated deaths in women. Paclitaxel exerts a critical impact on the chemotherapy of BC, but the resistance to paclitaxel becomes a great obstacle in treating the disease. It is reported that noncoding RNA nuclear receptor binding SET domain protein 1 (NSD1) plays a significant role in drug resistance; however, the special role of NSD1 in paclitaxel-resistant BC is unclear. Human BC cell line MCF-7 was used to establish paclitaxel-resistant BC cells (MCF-7/PR). Reverse transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) displayed that NSD1 and F-box and leucine-rich repeat protein 11 (FBXL11) were highly expressed in BC tissues. Western blotting was utilized for protein level assessment. Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8), Transwell, wound healing assays, and animal experiments were conducted to examine the influence of NSD1 or FBXL11 on the malignant behaviors of BCin vitroandin vivo, respectively. Transfected MCF-7/PR cells were injected subcutaneously into BALB/c nude mice with or without treatment of paclitaxel. The nuclear factor kappa B (NF-kB) activity was evaluated by the luciferase reporter assay. Results showed that NSD1 knockdown inhibited the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), migration and invasiveness of BCin vitro, which was rescued by FBXL11 overexpression. Furthermore, NSD1 silencing promoted paclitaxel sensitivity of paclitaxel-resistant BC cells and suppressed tumor growth and paclitaxel resistancein vivo. NSD1 knockdown reduced NF-kB activity, while FBXL11 inhibition markedly increased NF-kB activity. Collectively, NSD1 facilitates the EMT, migration and invasion in paclitaxel-resistant BC cells via regulating NF-kB and FBXL11."	1
"Title: MiR-526b-3p Attenuates Breast Cancer Stem Cell Properties and Chemoresistance by Targeting HIF-2?/Notch Signaling. Abstract: Chemoresistance is a severe clinical challenge in breast cancer. Hypoxia and cancer stem cells (CSCs) contribute to the paclitaxel (PTX) resistance, but the molecular mechanisms are still elusive. MicorRNAs (miRNA) have been considered a promising therapeutic strategy in various cancers. Here, we identified the crucial function of miR-526b-3p in regulating PTX resistance and CSC properties. Our data demonstrated that miR-526b-3p mimic repressed the cell viability of breast cancer cells. The counts of Edu-positive cells were reduced by miR-526b-3p in breast cancer cells. Meanwhile, the apoptosis of breast cancer cells was induced by miR-526b-3p. Tumorigenicity analysis in the nude mice confirmed that miR-526b-3p attenuated the breast cancer cell growthin vivo.Significantly, hypoxia could enhance IC50value of PTX in breast cancer cells. IC50value of PTX was induced in breast cancer mammospheres. The hypoxia-inducible factor 2? (HIF-2?) expression was enhanced, but miR-526b-3p expression was repressed under hypoxia in breast cancer cells. Also, breast cancer mammospheres presented high HIF-2? expression and low miR-526b-3p expression. The inhibition of miR-526b-3p enhanced the IC50value of PTX in breast cancer cells. MiR-526b-3p inhibitor enhanced the colony formation counts of PTX-treated breast cancer cells. The treatment of miR-526b-3p mimic suppressed the sphere formation counts of breast cancer cells and inhibited ALDH1 and Nanog expression. MiR-526b-3p was able to target HIF-2? in the cells. The overexpression enhanced but miR-526b-3p reduced the IC50value of PTX in breast cancer cells, in which the overexpression of HIF-2? could rescue the miR-526b-3p-inhibited IC50value of PTX. Overexpression of HIF-2? reversed miR-526b-3p-regulated apoptosis, colony formation ability, and ALDH1 and Nanog expression in the cells. Interestingly, the overexpression of HIF-2? induced but miR-526b-3p repressed the expression of HIF-2?, Hey2, and Notch in PTX-treated breast cancer cells, while HIF-2? could reverse the effect of miR-526b-3p. In conclusion, miR-526b-3p attenuated breast cancer stem cell properties and chemoresistance by targeting HIF-2?/Notch signaling. MiR-526b-3p may be utilized in the relieving chemoresistance in breast cancer."	1
"Title: CircSMARCA5 Facilitates the Progression of Prostate Cancer Through miR-432/PDCD10 Axis. Abstract: Background:Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been reported to be implicated in the pathogenesis of prostate cancer (PCa). Herein, the authors explore the role and molecular mechanism of circRNA SWI/SNF-related, matrix-associated, actin-dependent regulator of chromatin, subfamily a, member 5 (circSMARCA5) in PCa.Materials and Methods:The levels of circSMARCA5, SMARCA5, miR-432, and programmed cell death 10 (PDCD10) were determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The circular structure and stability of circSMARCA5 were validated by qRT-PCR using Oligo dT primer, transcriptional inhibitor actinomycin D, or RNase R treatment, respectively. Cell proliferation, migration, invasion, epithelial/mesenchymal transition (EMT), and glycolysis were detected by 3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT), transwell migration and invasion assays, Western blot assay, and Glucose or Lactate Detection Kit, respectively. The target relationship between miR-432 and circSMARCA5 or PDCD10 was validated by dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay. Western blot was performed to detect the protein expression of PDCD10 in PCa cells.Results:CircSMARCA5 was aberrantly upregulated, and was a circular and stable RNA in PCa cells. CircSMARCA5 accelerated the proliferation, metastasis, and glycolysis of PCa cells. MiR-432 was a direct target of circSMARCA5, and circSMARCA5 accelerated the development of PCa through miR-432 in PCa cells. PDCD10 was a direct target of miR-432, and PDCD10 addition reversed the inhibitory effects of miR-432 accumulation on the proliferation, metastasis, and glycolysis of PCa cells. CircSMARCA5 upregulated the expression of PDCD10 through sponging miR-432 in PCa cells.Conclusion:CircSMARCA5 deteriorated PCa through the miR-432/PDCD10 axis. CircSMARCA5/miR-432/PDCD10 axis might be an underlying therapeutic target for PCa treatment."	1
"Title: LncRNA OIP5-AS1 affects the biological behaviors of chondrocytes of patients with osteoarthritis by regulating micro-30a-5p. Abstract: Osteoarthritis (OA) is a prevalent chronic orthopedic disease, but its relationship with the lncRNA OIP5 Antisense RNA 1(OIP5-AS1)/micro-30a-5p axis is still under investigation. This study was designed to explore the regulatory function of this axis on chondrocytes. Patients and methods: A quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) assay was carried out to quantify lncRNA OIP5-AS1 and micro-30a-5p in cartilage tissues of patients with OA, and lncRNA OIP5-AS1 siRNA, micro-30a-5p mimics, and micro-30a-5p inhibitor vectors were constructed to analyze the functions of lncRNA OIP5-AS1/micro-30a-5p on chondrocytes. In addition, the Western blot was used to determine the levels of proteins in chondrocytes, the 3-(4,5-Dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT)assay to determine the viability of chondrocytes, the flow cytometry to analyze apoptosis and cycle of them, and the Dual-Luciferase reporter gene assay to verify the targeting relationship between LncRNA OIP5-AS1 and micro-30a-5p. Results: LncRNA OIP5-AS1 in cartilage tissues of patients with OA decreased, while micro-30a-5p in them increased and increased with apoptosis. Down-regulation of lncRNA OIP5-AS1 gave rise to increased micro-30a-5p, and up-regulation of micro-30a-5p or down-regulation of lncRNA OIP5-AS1 brought about cell apoptosis and inflammatory response, and inhibited cell proliferation, while up-regulation of micro-30a-5p suppressed cell apoptosis and inflammatory response, and accelerated cell proliferation. LncRNA OIP5-AS1 affected chondrocytes by negatively regulating micro-30a-5p. Conclusions: LncRNA OIP5-AS1 inhibits the apoptosis and inflammatory response of chondrocytes and promotes their survival by targetedly inhibiting micro-30a-5p, and both up-regulation of lncRNA OIP5-AS1 and down-regulation of micro-30a-5p is beneficial to patients with OA."	1
"Title: miR-143-3p inhibits proliferation and invasion of hepatocellular carcinoma cells by regulating its target gene FGF1. Abstract: To explore FGF1 and miR-143-3p expression in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells and its related mechanisms. Methods: Eighty-two HCC patients treated at our hospital from January 2018 to January 2019 were enrolled as Group A, while further 80 healthy people undergoing physical examinations during the same time period were enrolled as Group B. HCC cells and normal human liver cells were purchased, with HepG2 and SMMC-7721 cells transfected with pcDNA3.1-FGF1, si-FGF1, NC, miR-143-3p-inhibitor and miR-143-3p-mimics. FGF1 and miR-143-3p expression was detected by qRT-PCR. The expression of N-cadherin, vimentin, Snail, Slug, E-cadherin and ?-catenin was detected by Western Blotting (WB). Cell proliferation was detected by MTT assay. Cell invasion was detected by Transwell. Cell apoptosis was detected by flow cytometry (FCM). Results: FGF1 was highly expressed but miR-143-3p was poorly expressed in HCC cells. Areas under the curves (AUCs) of the two indicators were > 0.8. The indicators were correlated with the age, gender, tumor invasion, degree of differentiation, tumor location and TNM staging of the patients. Silencing FGF1 and overexpressing miR-143-3p could promote cell apoptosis, inhibit cell growth, cell epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and the expression of N-cadherin, vimentin, Snail and Slug, and increase the expression of E-cadherin and ?-catenin. Dual luciferase reporter gene assay (DLRGA) confirmed that FGF1 and miR-143-3p had a targeted relationship. The rescue experiment showed that the proliferation, invasion and apoptosis of HepG2 and SMMC-7721 cells in the miR-143-3p-mimics+pcDNA3.1-FGF1 and miR-143-3p-inhibitor+Si-FGF1 groups were not different from those in the miR-NC group. Conclusion: Inhibiting FGF1 can upregulate miR-143-3p-mediated Hedgehog signaling pathway, and affect cells' EMT, proliferation and invasion, so FGF1 is expected to become a potential therapeutic target for HCC."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-432-5p inhibits cell migration and invasion by targeting CXCL5 in colorectal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play an important role in the occurrence and development of colorectal cancer (CRC). Evidence shows that miR-432-5p expression is decreased in various tumors and cancer cell lines. miR-432-5p can inhibit tumor invasion and metastasis, but its role in colorectal cancer is unclear. The present study demonstrated that miR-432-5p expression was decreased in colorectal cancer tissue and cell lines, and is negatively associated with invasion classification, lymph node metastasis and Tumor-Node-Metastasis stage. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that low miR-432-5p expression was associated with a poor survival rate in patients with CRC. In addition, SW480 and HT-29 cells transfected with miR-432-5p mimics had decreased migration and invasion abilities, whereas miR-432-5p inhibitors had the opposite effect. The expression of C-X-C motif chemokine ligand 5 (CXCL5), a direct target of miR-432-5p, was negatively associated with miR-432-5p expression. When CXCL5 was introduced into miR-432-5p mimic-transfected SW480 and HT-29 cells, miR-432-5p-mediated inhibition of CRC migration and invasion was reversed. Thus, the present results suggest that miR-432-5p can inhibit the migration and invasion of CRC cells by targeting CXCL5."	1
"Title: miR-20a-5p inhibits endometrial cancer progression by targeting janus kinase 1. Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC) is a multi-factorial disease of which pathogenesis has not been fully elucidated. The function and underlying mechanism of microRNA-20a-5p (miR-20a-5p) in EC remain poorly understood. The present study aimed to analyze the association between miR-20a-5p expression and the clinicopathological characteristics of patients with EC. Whether miR-20a-5p could inhibit EC progression by targeting janus kinase 1 (Jak1) was subsequently investigated. To do so, human EC tissues and paracancerous tissues were collected from 47 patients with EC. miR-20a-5p and Jak1 mRNA and protein expression was determined by reverse transcription quantitative PCR and western blotting, respectively. Cell proliferation, invasive ability and adhesion were investigated by MTT, Matrigel invasion and cell adhesion assays, respectively. Dual luciferase reporter assay was used to verify whether miR-20a-5p could directly target Jak1. The results demonstrated that miR-20a-5p was downregulated and that Jak1 was upregulated in EC tissues compared with paracancerous tissues. In addition, miR-20a-5p expression and Jak1 expression level were negatively correlated in EC tissues. miR-20a-5p expression was also significantly associated with the depth of myometrial invasion, FIGO stage, histologic grade and lymph node metastasis in patients with EC. Furthermore, Jak1 was identified as a new direct target of miR-20a-5p, and Jak1 overexpression was demonstrated to reverse the effects of miR-20a-5p-mimic on EC cell proliferation, invasive ability and adhesion. Taken together, the results from this study revealed for the first time that miR-20a-5p expression was significantly associated with the clinicopathological characteristics of patients with EC. These findings suggested that miR-20a-5p may act as a tumor suppressor in EC, in part through decreasing Jak1 expression. miR-20a-5p and Jak1 may therefore serve as potential therapeutic targets in EC."	1
"Title: Exosome-transmitted circ-CARD6 facilitates posterior capsule opacification development by miR-31/FGF7 axis. Abstract: Posterior capsular opacification (PCO) is the major vision-disrupting complication arising after cataract surgery. Circular RNAs (circRNAs) are biological active RNAs which were involved in various physiological functions. So far, the role of circRNA caspase recruitment domain family member 6 (circ-CARD6) in PCO is still unclear. Methods: Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was applied to detect the expression of circ-CARD6, microRNA 31 (miR-31) and fibroblast growth factor 7 (FGF7) message RNA (mRNA). Western blot was used to analyze the protein expression. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM) was employed to capture the exosome image. The proliferation and metastasis were analyzed by cell counting kit-8 (CCK8), transwell and wound healing assays. The potential binding sequences between miR-31 and circ-CARD6 or FGF7 were respectively predicted by Circinteractome and Targetscan online tool, and verified by dual-luciferase reporter and RNA binding protein immunoprecipitation (RIP) assays. Results: Exosome-transmitted circ-CARD6 was highly expressed in PCO tissues and TGF-?2-treated SRA01/04 cells. Circ-CARD6 deletion repressed the proliferation, metastasis, EMT process and MAPK pathway, which was reversed by anti-miR-31 in TGF-?2-treated SRA01/04 cells. Meanwhile, circ-CARD6 sponged miR-31 which directly targeted FGF7 in TGF-?2-treated SRA01/04 cells. FGF7 overexpression allayed miR-31 overexpression-induced suppression in proliferation, metastasis, EMT process and MAPK pathway. Besides, circ-CARD6 regulated FGF7 expression by sponging miR-31. Conclusion: Circ-CARD6 promoted PCO development via miR-31/FGF7 axis. This finding might contribute to the development of the targeted therapy for PCO."	1
"Title: PADI1 contributes to EMT in PAAD by activating the ERK1/2-p38 signaling pathway. Abstract: Peptidylarginine deiminase 1 (PADI1) has been reported to promote tumorigenesis in breast cancer. However, the functional role of PADI1 in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PAAD) has remained elusive until now. Methods: The expression pattern of PADI1 in PAAD tissues and normal tissues was analyzed using The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) dataset. A Kaplan-Meier curve analysis was performed to evaluate the prognostic value of PADI1 in PAAD patients. PADI1 was knocked down in CFPAN-1 and HPAC cells, and overexpressed in PANC-1 and Bxpc-3 cells by RNA interference. A wound-healing assay was performed to analyze relative cell migration distance. Cell migration and invasion were assessed by a Transwell assay. Related protein expression levels were measured by western blot and immunofluorescence. Results: The bioinformatics analysis showed that PADI1 was overexpressed in PAAD tissues and associated with a poor survival prognosis. The knockdown of PADI1 suppressed cell migration and invasion, and activated the ERK1/2-p38 signaling pathway in CFPAN-1 and HPAC cells. The overexpression of PADI1 produced the opposite results in PANC-1 and Bxpc-3 cells. Additionally, treatment with an MEK1/2 inhibitor significantly attenuated the effects of PADI1 knockdown on cell migration, invasion, the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) process, and p-ERK1/2 and p38 expression in CFPAN-1 and HPAC cells. Conclusions: Our data suggested that PADI1 may function as an oncogene in regulating metastasis in vitro in PAAD."	1
"Title: Long non-coding RNA DUXAP8 promotes tumorigenesis by regulating IGF1R via miR-9-3p in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is the third leading cause of cancer-related death worldwide with a low 5-year survival rate. Long non-coding RNA (lncRNA) double homeobox A pseudogene 8 (DUXAP8) is an oncogene and a potential biomarker in various tumors, such as ovarian, colorectal and non-small-cell lung cancer. However, the function and molecular mechanism underlying DUXAP8 in HCC progression is not completely understood. The expression of DUXAP8, microRNA (miR)-9-3p and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) in HCC tissues and cells was detected via reverse transcription-quantitative PCR. The expression levels of IGF1R and epithelial-mesenchymal transition-associated proteins (Snail, Slug, E-cadherin, N-cadherin and vimentin) were assessed via western blotting. The effects of DUXAP8, miR-9-3p and IGF1R on proliferation, migration and invasion were examined by conducting Cell Counting Kit-8 and Transwell assays, respectively. The interaction between miR-9-3p and DUXAP8 or IGF1R was predicted using StarBase or TargetScan, and further assessed using dual luciferase reporter and RNA immunoprecipitation assays. DUXAP8 and IGF1R were upregulated and miR-9-3p was downregulated in HCC tissues and cells compared with adjacent healthy tissues and a normal liver cell line, respectively. miR-9-3p overexpression decreased the protein expression level of IGF1R, and miR-9-3p knockdown enhanced the protein expression level of IGF1R in HCC cells compared with the corresponding control groups. Moreover, compared with the corresponding control groups, DUXAP8 knockdown and miR-9-3p overexpression increased E-cadherin protein expression levels, and decreased Snail, Slug, N-cadherin and vimentin protein expression levels. However, miR-9-3p inhibitor and IGF1R overexpression reversed DUXAP8 knockdown- and miR-9-3p overexpression-induced effects, respectively. In addition, compared with the corresponding control groups, DUXAP8 knockdown and miR-9-3p overexpression suppressed proliferation, migration and invasion, which was reversed by miR-9-3p inhibitor and IGF1R overexpression, respectively. Moreover, miR-9-3p as the target of DUXAP8 and IGF1R as the target of miR-9-3p were verified in HCC cells. lncRNA DUXAP8 contributed to HCC tumorigenesis via the miR-9-3p/IGF1R axis, providing a novel therapeutic approach for HCC diagnosis and treatment."	1
"Title: miR-934 promotes breast cancer metastasis by regulation of PTEN and epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Breast cancer (BC) is the most commonly diagnosed malignancy and the leading cause of cancer-related mortality among females. Over 90 % of the cases of death in BC patients are attributed to tumor cell metastasis. Therefore, it is urgently needed to investigate the molecular mechanisms of BC metastasis. The expression of miRNA in BC was evaluated by qRT-PCR and bioinformatics analysis. Clone formation, EdU assays, and subcutaneous xenograft model were used to test the growth of BC cells. Wound healing, transwell assays, and lung-metastasis model were used to explore the effect of miR-934 knockdown on cell metastasis. The miR-934 targets in BC were identified through bioinformatics analysis and luciferase reporter assays. The expression of protein was tested by western blot. The binding of mRNA and RNA-binding-protein was verified using RIP assays. miR-934 expression was significantly elevated in BC tissues, especially in those with lymph node metastasis and associated with poor patient prognosis. Experiments in vitro and in vivo showed that that upregulated miR-934 was not necessarily required for the growth of BC cells. However, miR-934 knockdown significantly inhibited the migration and invasion abilities of BC cells. Moreover, PTEN as identified as the direct target of miR-934 in BC, and miR-934 could promote BC cell metastasis by regulation of PTEN and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Our results suggested that targeting miR-934 may be a practical treatment for BC cell metastasis."	1
"Title: LncRNA LINC00689 Promotes the Tumorigenesis of Glioma via Mediation of miR-526b-3p/IGF2BP1 Axis. Abstract: Glioma ranks first among the aggressive brain tumors all over the world. LncRNA LINC00689 has been confirmed to play key roles in the progression of cancers, and LINC00689 was upregulated in glioma. However, the biological function of LINC00689 in glioma is unclear. qRT-PCR was applied to detect the expressions of LINC00689 and miR-526b-3p in glioma cells. Dual-luciferase report was performed to examine the relation among LINC00689, miR-526b-3p, and insulin-like growth factor 2 mRNA-binding protein 1 (IGF2BP1). Then, the growth, migration, and invasion of glioma cells were detected by colony formation, flow cytometry, and transwell assay, respectively. The expressions of p21, cleaved caspase 3, and MAPK signaling-related proteins in glioma cells were tested by western blotting. Finally, xenograft mice model was established to detect the effect of LINC00689 on tumor growth of glioma in vivo. LINC00689 was upregulated in glioma cells, while miR-526b-3p was downregulated. In addition, LINC00689 bound to miR-526b-3p, and IGFBP1 was targeted by miR-526b-3p. Moreover, LINC00689 knockdown or upregulation of miR-526b-3p inhibited the proliferation of glioma cells and induced the apoptosis. Consistently, the migration and invasion of glioma cells were notably reduced by LINC00689 shRNA/miR-526-3p mimics. miR-526b-3p inhibitor or IGF2BP1 upregulation could reverse the effect of LINC00689 knockdown or miR-526b-3p mimics. Finally, knockdown of LINC00689 inhibited the tumor growth of glioma in vivo through regulating miR-526b-3p/IGF2BP1/MAPK axis. In conclusion, silencing of LINC00689 could inhibit the tumorigenesis of glioma via mediation of miR-526b-3p/IGF2BP1 axis. LINC00689 may serve as a new target for the treatment of glioma."	1
"Title: MicroRNA-337-3p impedes breast cancer progression by targeting cyclin-dependent kinase 1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) function as key regulators in breast cancer (BC). The present study aimed to verify the function and molecular regulation of miR-337-3p in BC cells. Bioinformatics analysis was performed to screen key genes and miRNAs associated with BC. Reverse transcription-quantitative PCR and western blot analyses were performed to detect RNA and protein expression levels. Cell Counting Kit-8, BrdU and cell adhesion assays, and flow cytometric analysis were performed to assess the biological behaviors of BC cells. The dual-luciferase reporter, RNA pull-down assays, and Pearson's correlation analysis were performed to determine the association between miRNAs and mRNAs. Bioinformatics analysis revealed that miR-337-3p and cyclin-dependent kinase 1 (CDK1) acted as key regulators in BC. In addition, miR-337-3p was expressed at low levels in BC cells and tissues, which suppressed BC progression. CDK1 expression was upregulated in BC cells and tissues, which was associated with increased cell proliferation and adhesion, as well as decreased apoptosis in BC. Notably, miR-337-3p targeted CDK1 to inhibit BC cell progression. Taken together, the results of the present study suggest that miR-337-3p plays a tumor-suppressive role in BC by targeting CDK1."	1
"Title: FOXD1-AS1 promotes malignant behaviours of prostate cancer cells via the miR-3167/YWHAZ axis. Abstract: Herein, the effect of long noncoding RNA forkhead box D1 antisense RNA 1 (FOXD1-AS1) on malignant phenotypes of prostate cancer (PCa) cells was investigated. FOXD1-AS1 presented high expression in PCa cells according to the results of RT-qPCR. As shown by cell counting kit-8 assays, colony formation assays, wound-healing assays, Transwell assays and flow cytometry analyses, silenced FOXD1-AS1 suppressed PCa cell viability, proliferation, migration and invasion and enhanced cell apoptosis. Additionally, FOXD1-AS1 was primarily localised in cytoplasm of PCa cells. RNA immunoprecipitation assays and luciferase reporter assays revealed that FOXD1-AS1 interacted with miR-3167 in PCa cells. MiR-3167 functioned as an anti-oncogene in PCa and miR-3167 overexpression suppressed cell proliferation while promoted cell apoptosis. Moreover, the downstream target of miR-3167 is mRNA YWHAZ. FOXD1-AS1 elevated the expression of YWHAZ by binding with miR-3167. The suppressive effect of miR-3167 on YWHAZ expression was reversed by FOXD1-AS1 overexpression. Furthermore, overexpressed YWHAZ reversed the suppressive effect of FOXD1-AS1 deficiency on malignant behaviours of PCa cells. Overall, FOXD1-AS1 facilitates malignant phenotypes of PCa cells by up-regulating YWHAZ via miR-3167. The study first reveals the molecular mechanism of FOXD1-AS1 in PCa, suggesting that FOXD1-AS1 and its downstream molecules might be prognostic biomarkers before medical treatment."	1
"Title: Circ_0016760 Acts as a Sponge of MicroRNA-4295 to Enhance E2F Transcription Factor 3 Expression and Facilitates Cell Proliferation and Glycolysis in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer. Abstract: Background:Circular RNAs (circRNAs) have been validated as important regulators of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), but the role and potential mechanism of circ_0016760 in NSCLC remain largely unclear.Materials and Methods:Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed to detect the levels of circ_0016760, microRNA-4295 (miR-4295), and E2F transcription factor 3 (E2F3). The cell proliferation was measured by methyl-thiazolyl diphenyl-tetrazolium bromide assay. The protein levels of proliferating cell nuclear antigen andE2F3were examined by Western blot. Xenograft mice model was constructed to explore the effect of circ_0016760 on tumor growthin vivo. The relationship among circ_0016760, miR-4295, andE2F3was evaluated using dual-luciferase reporter assay. Glucose consumption of NSCLC cells was assessed by the glucose assay kit.Results:Circ_0016760 andE2F3expression levels were upregulated in NSCLC tissues and cells, while miR-4295 was downregulated. Circ_0016760 could bind to miR-4295, and negatively modulate its expression in NSCLC cells. Besides, miR-4295 directly targetedE2F3and inversely regulatedE2F3expression. More importantly, Circ_0016760 facilitated proliferation and glycolysis of NSCLC cells by increasingE2F3by sponging miR-4295 as well as promoted the tumor growthin vivo.Conclusion:Circ_0016760 served as a growth-promoting circRNA in NSCLC by facilitating cell proliferation and glycolysis by regulating the miR-4295/E2F3 axis, providing a novel potential target for NSCLC treatment."	1
"Title: Paeonol inhibits human lung cancer cell viability and metastasis in vitro via miR-126-5p/ZEB2 axis. Abstract: Paeonol exerted an effect in lung cancer, but the underlying mechanism remained vague. In this research, we assessed the effects of Paeonol and microRNA (miR)-126-5p on the viability, migration, invasion, and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of lung cancer cells. Lung cancer cells and BEAS-2B cells were treated with Paeonol, and viability was detected by 3-(4,5)-dimethylthiahiazo (-z-y1)-3,5-di- phenytetrazoliumromide (MTT) assay. The migration and invasion of lung cancer cells after treatment with Paeonol at 40 ?g/mL or 80 ?g/mL were detected by wound healing assay and Transwell assay, respectively. The effects of Paeonol on transforming growth factor-?1 (TGF-?1)-induced EMT and relative expressions of EMT-related proteins were determined using Western blot. The target gene of miR-126-5p and the binding sites between them were predicted by TargetScan, and confirmed using dual-luciferase reporter assay. Relative expressions of miR-126-5p, its target gene and EMT-related proteins were determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blot. Rescue assay was performed to analyze the relation between Paeonol and miR-126-5p. Paeonol down-regulated cell viability and inhibited migration, invasion and TGF-?1-induced EMT while up-regulating miR-126-5p expression in lung cancer cells as the dose increased. However, miR-126-5p inhibitor could reverse the effect of Paeonol. ZEB2 was the target gene of miR-126-5p, and silencing ZEB2 expression reversed the effects of miR-126-5p downregulation. Paeonol also regulated the expression of ZEB2 in lung cancer cells, and this regulation depends on the regulation of miR-126-5p. Paeonol inhibits human lung cancer cell viability and metastasis via the miR-126-5p/ZEB2 axis, and could be adopted as a potential agent for lung cancer treatment."	1
"Title: microRNA-145 regulates tumor suppressor candidate 3 and mitogen-activated protein kinase pathway to inhibit the progression of colorectal cancer. Abstract: It has been reported that microRNA-145 (miR-145) is downregulated in various cancers, including colorectal cancer (CRC). However, the role of miR-145 in progress of CRC and its mechanism remains unclear. Methods: The expressions of miR-145 and tumor suppressor candidate 3 (TUSC3) were determined in CRC tissues and cells by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analysis. The effects of miR-145 and TUSC3 on cell viability, migration, and invasion of CRC cells were examined by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl-trtrazolium bromide assay and trans-well chamber experiment, respectively. The interaction between miR-145 and TUSC3 was explored by bioinformatics analysis, luciferase reporter assay, and Western blot analysis. The abundances of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) signaling pathway-related proteins were measured by Western blot analysis. Results: miR-145 expression was downregulated in CRC tissues and cell lines, and TUSC3 was upregulated in CRC tissues and correlated inversely with miR-145 abundance. Overexpression of miR-145 and knockdown of TUSC3 suppressed cell viability, migration, and invasion in LS174T and HCT116 cells. Moreover, TUSC3 was indicated as a novel target of miR-145 and its expression was negatively regulated by miR-145. Restoration of TUSC3 can partially reverse the inhibitory effects of miR-145 on phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 in CRC cells. Conclusion: miR-145 can inhibit the viability, migration, and invasion through addressing MAPK signaling pathway by targeting TUSC3 in CRC cells, providing a novel biomarker for treatment of CRC."	1
"Title: miR-145 modulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition and invasion by targeting ZEB2 in non-small cell lung cancer cell lines. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a major event that drives cancer progression. Here we aim to investigate the role of microRNA, miR-145, in regulating EMT of the highly invasive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis indicated that miR-145 was downregulated in cancer tissue compared with that in adjacent normal tissue. NSCLC cell lines, namely H1299, PC7, and SPCA-1, also demonstrated miR-145 downregulation, which is correlated well with their invasive ability, assessed by the Matrigel invasion assay. miR-145 overexpression resulted in downregulation of N-cadherin, and downregulation of vimentin and E-cadherin, suggesting a decreased EMT activity. TargetScan analysis predicted that a binding site exists between miR-145 and an oncogene, ZEB2, which was verified using the dual-luciferase assay. Alteration of miR-145 expression also induced inverse effects on ZEB2 expression, and a negative correlation exists between ZEB2 and miR-145 in human tissues. ZEB2 and miR-145 also exerted antagonizing effects on the invasion of NSCLC cells. Therefore, miR-145 is an important molecule in NSCLC that regulates cancer EMT through targeting ZEB2."	1
"Title: LINC00319 Promotes Cervical Cancer Progression Via Targeting miR-147a/IGF1R Pathway. Abstract: Background:Cervical cancer is identified as the fourth most common female malignancy worldwide. Recently, Linc00319 was reported to play an important role in the development and progression of cervical cancer. However, little is known about the molecular mechanism and clinical significance of Linc00319 in the carcinogenesis of cervical cancer. This study aims to reveal the biological function and molecular mechanisms of Linc00319 in cell proliferation, invasion, and migration of cervical cancer.Materials and Methods:In the current study, gene expression levels of Linc00319, miR-147a, and IFG1R were detected by quantitative real-time PCR in clinical tissue samples and cervical cancer cell lines. Protein levels were also determined by western blot assay in cervical cancer cells. CCK-8, transwell, and wound healing assays were used to test the proliferation, invasion, and migration of cervical cancer cell linesin vitro. Target genes were predicted through bioinformatics methods and then verified by gene engineering technology.Results:The authors' results showed that Linc00319 was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines, while Linc00319silencing could inhibit cervical cancer cell proliferation, invasion, and migration. Further investigations showed that Linc00319 interacted with miR-147a and inhibited its expression, unregulated IGF1R to induce progression of cervical cancer.Conclusions:Their research indicated that Linc00319 might play an oncogenic role in cervical cancer and regulate the progression of cervical tumor growth by inhibiting the expression of miR-147a and activating IGF1R-related pathway. The findings suggest a novel molecular biomarker and therapeutic target for cervical tumor and may provide a novel therapeutic strategy for preventing the metastasis of cervical cancer."	1
"Title: Overexpression of Nuclear Enriched Autosomal Transcript 1 Facilitates Cell Proliferation, Migration Invasion, and Suppresses Apoptosis in Endometrial Cancer by Targeting MicroRNA-202-3p/T Cell Immunoglobulin and Mucin Domain 4 Axis. Abstract: Background:Endometrial cancer (EC) is an intractable gynecological cancer with increasing incidence and mortality worldwide. Accumulating studies indicated that long noncoding RNA nuclear enriched autosomal transcript 1 (NEAT1) was a novel oncogene implicated in a variety of cancers. However, whetherNEAT1could accelerate cell growth in EC is unclear.Methods:NEAT1, microRNA (miR)-202-3p, and T cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain 4 (TIMD4) levels were detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Cell proliferation and apoptosis were examined by cell counting kit-8 and flow cytometry. Transwell assay was employed for the evaluation of cell migration and invasion. The relationship between miR-202-3p andNEAT1orTIMD4was determined by luciferase reporter system. TIMD4 protein expression was assessed by Western blot assay.Results:NEAT1was upregulated, whereas miR-202-3p was downregulated in EC tumors and cells. Depletion ofNEAT1restrained EC cell proliferation, migration, invasion, and improved apoptosis. MiR-202-3p was targeted byNEAT1and could bind toTIMD4. Subsequently, it is observed that miR-202-3p inhibitor neutralized NEAT1 silencing mediated suppression on EC cell progression. Meanwhile, TIMD4 rescued miR-202-3p induced inhibition on cell progression in EC. Furthermore, it was obvious thatNEAT1facilitated TIMD4 expression by absorbing miR-202-3p in EC.Conclusions:Upregulation of NEAT1 accelerated EC cell progression through sponging miR-202-3p to facilitate TIMD4 expression, providing potential novel treatment method for EC."	1
"Title: Glucocorticoids induce the formation and release of anti-inflammatory and anti-phospholipase proteins into the peritoneal cavity of the rat. Abstract: 1 Dexamethasone and hydrocortisone induced the release of anti-phospholipase proteins into the peritoneal cavities of rats. 2 Adrenocorticotrophic hormone (ACTH) also releases these proteins in normal but not in adrenalectomized rats. 3 Peritoneal lavage proteins were separated by ion-exchange and size exclusion chromatography. The anti-phospholipase activity occurred in four separate fractions with the major component having an apparent mol. wt. of 40 k. 4 Column fractions containing these anti-phospholipase proteins had anti-inflammatory effects in the rat carrageenin pleurisy model whereas other fractions were inactive. 5 The proteins appear to be identical to macrocortin and lipomodulin, the 'second messengers' of glucocorticoid hormone action on the arachidonate system."	0
"Title: Targeting miR-21 enhances the sensitivity of human colon cancer HT-29 cells to chemoradiotherapy in vitro. Abstract: 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU) is a classic chemotherapeutic drug that has been widely used for colorectal cancer treatment, but colorectal cancer cells are often resistant to primary or acquired 5-FU therapy. Several studies have shown that miR-21 is significantly elevated in colorectal cancer. This suggests that this miRNA might play a role in this resistance. In this study, we investigated this possibility and the possible mechanism underlying this role. We showed that forced expression of miR-21 significantly inhibited apoptosis, enhanced cell proliferation, invasion, and colony formation ability, promoted G1/S cell cycle transition and increased the resistance of tumor cells to 5-FU and X radiation in HT-29 colon cancer cells. Furthermore, knockdown of miR-21 reversed these effects on HT-29 cells and increased the sensitivity of HT-29/5-FU to 5-FU chemotherapy. Finally, we showed that miR-21 targeted the human mutS homolog2 (hMSH2), and indirectly regulated the expression of thymidine phosphorylase (TP) and dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD). These results demonstrate that miR-21 may play an important role in the 5-FU resistance of colon cancer cells."	0
"Title: Identification and characterization of a gene encoding a gut-enriched Krüppel-like factor expressed during growth arrest. Abstract: A cDNA clone, named gut-enriched Krüppel-like factor (GKLF), was isolated from an NIH 3T3 library using a probe encoding the zinc finger region of the immediate-early transcription factor zif/268. The deduced GKLF amino acid sequence contains three tandem zinc fingers that are related to members of the Krüppel family of transcription factors. By indirect immunofluorescence, GKLF is localized to the cell nucleus. In cultured fibroblasts, GKLF mRNA is found in high levels in growth-arrested cells and is nearly undetectable in cells that are in the exponential phase of proliferation. The growth-arresting nature of GKLF is demonstrated by an inhibition of DNA synthesis in cells transfected with a GKLF-expressing plasmid construct. In the mouse, GKLF mRNA is present in select tissues and is most abundant in the colon, followed by the testis, lung, and small intestine. In situ hybridization experiments indicate that GKLF mRNA is enriched in epithelial cells located in the middle to upper crypt region of the colonic mucosa. Taken together, these results suggest that GKLF is potentially a negative regulator of cell growth in tissues such as the gut mucosa, where cell proliferation is intimately coupled to growth arrest and differentiation."	0
"Title: The KCNQ1OT1 imprinting control region and non-coding RNA: new properties derived from the study of Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome and Silver-Russell syndrome cases. Abstract: A cluster of imprinted genes at chromosome 11p15.5 is associated with the growth disorders, Silver-Russell syndrome (SRS) and Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome (BWS). The cluster is divided into two domains with independent imprinting control regions (ICRs). We describe two maternal 11p15.5 microduplications with contrasting phenotypes. The first is an inverted and in cis duplication of the entire 11p15.5 cluster associated with the maintenance of genomic imprinting and with the SRS phenotype. The second is a 160 kb duplication also inverted and in cis, but resulting in the imprinting alteration of the centromeric domain. It includes the centromeric ICR (ICR2) and the most 5' 20 kb of the non-coding KCNQ1OT1 gene. Its maternal transmission is associated with ICR2 hypomethylation and the BWS phenotype. By excluding epigenetic mosaicism, cell clones analysis indicated that the two closely located ICR2 sequences resulting from the 160 kb duplication carried discordant DNA methylation on the maternal chromosome and supported the hypothesis that the ICR2 sequence is not sufficient for establishing imprinted methylation and some other property, possibly orientation-dependent, is needed. Furthermore, the 1.2 Mb duplication demonstrated that all features are present for correct imprinting at ICR2 when this is duplicated and inverted within the entire cluster. In the individuals maternally inheriting the 160 kb duplication, ICR2 hypomethylation led to the expression of a truncated KCNQ1OT1 transcript and to down-regulation of CDKN1C. We demonstrated by chromatin RNA immunopurification that the KCNQ1OT1 RNA interacts with chromatin through its most 5' 20 kb sequence, providing a mechanism likely mediating the silencing activity of this long non-coding RNA."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 targets the metalloprotease ADAM17 and is suppressed in renal cell carcinoma patients. Abstract: A disintegrin and metalloproteinase 17 (ADAM17) is a metalloprotease that is overexpressed in many cancer types, including renal cancers. However, the regulatory mechanisms of ADAM17 in cancer development and progression are poorly understood. In the present work, we provide evidence using overexpression and inhibition of microRNA 145 (miR-145) that miR-145 negatively regulates ADAM17 expression. Furthermore, we show that ADAM17 negatively regulates miR-145 through tumor necrosis factor-?, resulting in a reciprocal negative feedback loop. In this study, the expression of ADAM17 and miR-145 correlated negatively in renal cancer tumor tissues and cell lines, suggesting an important regulatory mechanism. Additionally, we showed that the regulation of ADAM17 is partly involved in the effects of miR-145 on proliferation and migration, whereas no involvement in chemosensitivity was observed. Importantly, in the healthy kidney, miR-145 was detected in different cell types including tubular cells, which are considered the origin of renal cancer. In renal cancer cell lines, miR-145 expression was strongly suppressed by methylation. In summary, miR-145 is downregulated in renal cancer patients, which leads to the up-regulation of ADAM17 in renal cancer. Importantly, miR-145 and ADAM17 are regulated in a reciprocal negative feedback loop."	0
"Title: Discovery of microvascular miRNAs using public gene expression data: miR-145 is expressed in pericytes and is a regulator of Fli1. Abstract: A function for the microRNA (miRNA) pathway in vascular development and angiogenesis has been firmly established. miRNAs with selective expression in the vasculature are attractive as possible targets in miRNA-based therapies. However, little is known about the expression of miRNAs in microvessels in vivo. Here, we identified candidate microvascular-selective miRNAs by screening public miRNA expression datasets. Methods: Bioinformatics predictions of microvascular-selective expression were validated with real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR on purified microvascular fragments from mouse. Pericyte expression was shown with in situ hybridization on tissue sections. Target sites were identified with 3' UTR luciferase assays, and migration was tested in a microfluid chemotaxis chamber. Results: miR-145, miR-126, miR-24, and miR-23a were selectively expressed in microvascular fragments isolated from a range of tissues. In situ hybridization and analysis of Pdgfb retention motif mutant mice demonstrated predominant expression of miR-145 in pericytes. We identified the Ets transcription factor Friend leukemia virus integration 1 (Fli1) as a miR-145 target, and showed that elevated levels of miR-145 reduced migration of microvascular cells in response to growth factor gradients in vitro. Conclusions: miR-126, miR-24 and miR-23a are selectively expressed in microvascular endothelial cells in vivo, whereas miR-145 is expressed in pericytes. miR-145 targets the hematopoietic transcription factor Fli1 and blocks migration in response to growth factor gradients. Our findings have implications for vascular disease and provide necessary information for future drug design against miRNAs with selective expression in the microvasculature."	0
Title: A spontaneous lower motor neuron disease apparently caused by indigenous type-C RNA virus in wild mice. Abstract: A high incidence of spontaneous lower-limb paralysis occurred in a population of wild mice (Mus musculus) which had a high incidence of naturally occurring lymphoma and elevated indigenous type-C virus activity. Experimental transmission evidence indicated that both the neurologic and lymphomatous disorders almost certainly were caused by the indigenous type-C virus. The virus appeared to have a direct neurotropic effect on anterior horn neurons in the lower spinal cord.	0
"Title: Overcoming nonviral gene delivery barriers: perspective and future. Abstract: A key end goal of gene delivery research is to develop clinically relevant vectors that can be used to combat elusive diseases such as AIDS. Despite promising engineering strategies, efficiency and ultimately gene modulation efficacy of nonviral vectors have been hindered by numerous in vitro and in vivo barriers that have resulted in subviral performance. In this perspective, we concentrate on the gene delivery barriers associated with the two most common classes of nonviral vectors, cationic-based lipids and polymers. We present the existing delivery barriers and summarize current vector-specific strategies to overcome said barriers."	0
"Title: Asymmetry in the assembly of the RNAi enzyme complex. Abstract: A key step in RNA interference (RNAi) is assembly of the RISC, the protein-siRNA complex that mediates target RNA cleavage. Here, we show that the two strands of an siRNA duplex are not equally eligible for assembly into RISC. Rather, both the absolute and relative stabilities of the base pairs at the 5' ends of the two siRNA strands determine the degree to which each strand participates in the RNAi pathway. siRNA duplexes can be functionally asymmetric, with only one of the two strands able to trigger RNAi. Asymmetry is the hallmark of a related class of small, single-stranded, noncoding RNAs, microRNAs (miRNAs). We suggest that single-stranded miRNAs are initially generated as siRNA-like duplexes whose structures predestine one strand to enter the RISC and the other strand to be destroyed. Thus, the common step of RISC assembly is an unexpected source of asymmetry for both siRNA function and miRNA biogenesis."	0
"Title: RREB1 repressed miR-143/145 modulates KRAS signaling through downregulation of multiple targets. Abstract: A lack of expression of miR-143 and miR-145 has been demonstrated to be a frequent feature of colorectal tumors. Activating KRAS mutations have been reported in 30-60% of colorectal cancers and an inverse correlation between Kras and miR-143/145 expression has been observed. Previously, we have demonstrated that oncogenic Kras leads to repression of the miR-143/145 cluster in pancreatic cancer and is dependent on the Ras responsive element (RRE) binding protein (RREB1), which negatively regulates miR-143/145 expression. In the present study, we have found that RREB1 is overexpressed in colorectal adenocarcinoma tumors and cell lines, and the expression of the miR-143/145 primary transcript is inversely related to RREB1 expression. In colorectal cancer cell lines, the miR-143/145 cluster is repressed by RREB1 downstream of constitutively active KRAS. RREB1 is activated by the MAPK pathway and negatively represses the miR-143/145 promoter through interaction with two RREs. In addition, overexpression of miR-143 or miR-145 in HCT116 cells abrogates signaling through the MAPK, PI3K and JNK pathways by downregulation of both KRAS and RREB1 in addition to downregulation of a cohort of genes in the MAPK signaling cascade. These results establish a complex network of regulation through which the miR-143/145 cluster is able to modulate KRAS signaling in colorectal cancer."	0
"Title: Human microRNA genes are frequently located at fragile sites and genomic regions involved in cancers. Abstract: A large number of tiny noncoding RNAs have been cloned and named microRNAs (miRs). Recently, we have reported that miR-15a and miR-16a, located at 13q14, are frequently deleted and/or down-regulated in patients with B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, a disorder characterized by increased survival. To further investigate the possible involvement of miRs in human cancers on a genome-wide basis, we have mapped 186 miRs and compared their location to the location of previous reported nonrandom genetic alterations. Here, we show that miR genes are frequently located at fragile sites, as well as in minimal regions of loss of heterozygosity, minimal regions of amplification (minimal amplicons), or common breakpoint regions. Overall, 98 of 186 (52.5%) of miR genes are in cancer-associated genomic regions or in fragile sites. Moreover, by Northern blotting, we have shown that several miRs located in deleted regions have low levels of expression in cancer samples. These data provide a catalog of miR genes that may have roles in cancer and argue that the full complement of miRs in a genome may be extensively involved in cancers."	0
"Title: Simple diagnostic assay for hairy cell leukaemia by immunocytochemical detection of annexin A1 (ANXA1). Abstract: A marker capable of distinguishing with certainty between hairy cell leukaemia and other B-cell malignant disease would be of great diagnostic value. Through gene expression profiling, annexin A1 (ANXA1) has been identified as a gene that is upregulated in hairy cell leukaemia. We did immunostaining of 500 B-cell tumours with a specific anti-ANXA1 monoclonal antibody and showed that ANXA1 protein expression is specific to hairy cell leukaemia. Immunocytochemical detection of ANXA1 represents a simple, inexpensive, highly sensitive and specific (100%) assay for diagnosis of hairy cell leukaemia. This assay will be especially useful in distinguishing hairy cell leukaemia from splenic lymphoma with villous lymphocytes and variant hairy cell leukaemia, both of which usually respond poorly to treatments that are effective in hairy cell leukaemia."	0
"Title: miR-155 promotes macroscopic tumor formation yet inhibits tumor dissemination from mammary fat pads to the lung by preventing EMT. Abstract: A micro-RNA, miR-155, is overexpressed in many types of cancer cells, including breast cancer, and its role(s) in tumor metastasis has been studied on a very limited basis. Tumor metastasis is a multi-step process with the last step in the process being formation of macroscopic tumor in organs distant from the primary tumor site. This step is the least studied. Here, we report that stable expression of miR-155 in 4T1 breast tumor cells reduces significantly the aggressiveness of tumor cell dissemination as a result of preventing epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of tumor cells in vivo. Further, miR-155 directly suppresses the expression of the transcription factor TCF4, which is an important regulator of EMT. However, when tumor cells are injected directly into the bloodstream, miR-155 remarkably promotes macroscopic tumor formation in the lung. Analysis of gene expression profiling identified a group of genes that are associated with promoting macroscopic tumor formation in the lung. Importantly, most of these genes are overexpressed in epithelial cells. Our findings provide new insight into how miR-155 modulates the development of tumor metastasis. This study suggests that the location of tumor cells overexpressing miR-155 is a critical factor: in mammary fat pads miR-155 prevents tumor dissemination; whereas in the lung miR-155 apparently maintains the epithelial phenotype of tumor cells that is critical for macroscopic tumor formation."	0
"Title: miR-342 regulates BRCA1 expression through modulation of ID4 in breast cancer. Abstract: A miRNAs profiling on a group of familial and sporadic breast cancers showed that miRNA-342 was significantly associated with estrogen receptor (ER) levels. To investigate at functional level the role of miR-342 in the pathogenesis of breast cancer, we focused our attention on its ""in silico"" predicted putative target gene ID4, a transcription factor of the helix-loop-helix protein family whose expression is inversely correlated with that of ER. ID4 is expressed in breast cancer and can negatively regulate BRCA1 expression. Our results showed an inverse correlation between ID4 and miR-342 as well as between ID4 and BRCA1 expression. We functionally validated the interaction between ID4 and miR-342 in a reporter Luciferase system. Based on these findings, we hypothesized that regulation of ID4 mediated by miR-342 could be involved in the pathogenesis of breast cancer by downregulating BRCA1 expression. We functionally demonstrated the interactions between miR-342, ID4 and BRCA1 in a model provided by ER-negative MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cell line that presented high levels of ID4. Overexpression of miR-342 in these cells reduced ID4 and increased BRCA1 expression, supporting a possible role of this mechanism in breast cancer. In the ER-positive MCF7 and in the BRCA1-mutant HCC1937 cell lines miR-342 over-expression only reduced ID4. In the cohort of patients we studied, a correlation between miR-342 and BRCA1 expression was found in the ER-negative cases. As ER-negative cases were mainly BRCA1-mutant, we speculate that the mechanism we demonstrated could be involved in the decreased expression of BRCA1 frequently observed in non BRCA1-mutant breast cancers and could be implicated as a causal factor in part of the familial cases grouped in the heterogeneous class of non BRCA1 or BRCA2-mutant cases (BRCAx). To validate this hypothesis, the study should be extended to a larger cohort of ER-negative cases, including those belonging to the BRCAx class."	0
"Title: Real-time quantification of microRNAs by stem-loop RT-PCR. Abstract: A novel microRNA (miRNA) quantification method has been developed using stem-loop RT followed by TaqMan PCR analysis. Stem-loop RT primers are better than conventional ones in terms of RT efficiency and specificity. TaqMan miRNA assays are specific for mature miRNAs and discriminate among related miRNAs that differ by as little as one nucleotide. Furthermore, they are not affected by genomic DNA contamination. Precise quantification is achieved routinely with as little as 25 pg of total RNA for most miRNAs. In fact, the high sensitivity, specificity and precision of this method allows for direct analysis of a single cell without nucleic acid purification. Like standard TaqMan gene expression assays, TaqMan miRNA assays exhibit a dynamic range of seven orders of magnitude. Quantification of five miRNAs in seven mouse tissues showed variation from less than 10 to more than 30,000 copies per cell. This method enables fast, accurate and sensitive miRNA expression profiling and can identify and monitor potential biomarkers specific to tissues or diseases. Stem-loop RT-PCR can be used for the quantification of other small RNA molecules such as short interfering RNAs (siRNAs). Furthermore, the concept of stem-loop RT primer design could be applied in small RNA cloning and multiplex assays for better specificity and efficiency."	0
"Title: Comparing in vitro and in vivo activity of 2'-O-[2-(methylamino)-2-oxoethyl]- and 2'-O-methoxyethyl-modified antisense oligonucleotides. Abstract: A number of 2'- O-modified antisense oligonucleotides have been reported for their potential use in oligonucleotide-based therapeutics. To date, most of the in vivo data has been generated for 2'-O-MOE (2'-O-methoxyethyl)- and 2'-O-Me (2'-O-methyl)-modified ASOs (antisense oligonucleotides). We now report the synthesis and biological activity of another 2'-O-modification, namely 2'-O-[2-(methylamino)-2-oxoethyl] (2'-O-NMA). This modification resulted in an increase in the affinity of antisense oligonucleotides to complementary RNA similar to 2'-O-MOE-modified ASOs as compared to first-generation antisense oligodeoxynucleotides. The ASO modified with 2'-O-NMA reduced expression of PTEN mRNA in vitro and in vivo in a dose-dependent manner similar to 2'-O-MOE modified ASO. Importantly, toxicity parameters such as AST, ALT, organ weights, and body weights were found to be normal similar to 2'-O-MOE ASO-treated animal models. The data generated in these experiments suggest that 2'-O-NMA is a useful modification for potential application in both antisense and other oligonucleotide-based drug discovery efforts."	0
"Title: Chronic active B-cell-receptor signalling in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Abstract: A role for B-cell-receptor (BCR) signalling in lymphomagenesis has been inferred by studying immunoglobulin genes in human lymphomas and by engineering mouse models, but genetic and functional evidence for its oncogenic role in human lymphomas is needed. Here we describe a form of 'chronic active' BCR signalling that is required for cell survival in the activated B-cell-like (ABC) subtype of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL). The signalling adaptor CARD11 is required for constitutive NF-kappaB pathway activity and survival in ABC DLBCL. Roughly 10% of ABC DLBCLs have mutant CARD11 isoforms that activate NF-kappaB, but the mechanism that engages wild-type CARD11 in other ABC DLBCLs was unknown. An RNA interference genetic screen revealed that a BCR signalling component, Bruton's tyrosine kinase, is essential for the survival of ABC DLBCLs with wild-type CARD11. In addition, knockdown of proximal BCR subunits (IgM, Ig-kappa, CD79A and CD79B) killed ABC DLBCLs with wild-type CARD11 but not other lymphomas. The BCRs in these ABC DLBCLs formed prominent clusters in the plasma membrane with low diffusion, similarly to BCRs in antigen-stimulated normal B cells. Somatic mutations affecting the immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motif (ITAM) signalling modules of CD79B and CD79A were detected frequently in ABC DLBCL biopsy samples but rarely in other DLBCLs and never in Burkitt's lymphoma or mucosa-associated lymphoid tissue lymphoma. In 18% of ABC DLBCLs, one functionally critical residue of CD79B, the first ITAM tyrosine, was mutated. These mutations increased surface BCR expression and attenuated Lyn kinase, a feedback inhibitor of BCR signalling. These findings establish chronic active BCR signalling as a new pathogenetic mechanism in ABC DLBCL, suggesting several therapeutic strategies."	0
"Title: Endogenous human microRNAs that suppress breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: A search for general regulators of cancer metastasis has yielded a set of microRNAs for which expression is specifically lost as human breast cancer cells develop metastatic potential. Here we show that restoring the expression of these microRNAs in malignant cells suppresses lung and bone metastasis by human cancer cells in vivo. Of these microRNAs, miR-126 restoration reduces overall tumour growth and proliferation, whereas miR-335 inhibits metastatic cell invasion. miR-335 regulates a set of genes whose collective expression in a large cohort of human tumours is associated with risk of distal metastasis. miR-335 suppresses metastasis and migration through targeting of the progenitor cell transcription factor SOX4 and extracellular matrix component tenascin C. Expression of miR-126 and miR-335 is lost in the majority of primary breast tumours from patients who relapse, and the loss of expression of either microRNA is associated with poor distal metastasis-free survival. miR-335 and miR-126 are thus identified as metastasis suppressor microRNAs in human breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-221/222 negatively regulates estrogen receptor alpha and is associated with tamoxifen resistance in breast cancer. Abstract: A search for regulators of estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) expression has yielded a set of microRNAs (miRNAs) for which expression is specifically elevated in ERalpha-negative breast cancer. Here we show distinct expression of a panel of miRNAs between ERalpha-positive and ERalpha-negative breast cancer cell lines and primary tumors. Of the elevated miRNAs in ERalpha-negative cells, miR-221 and miR-222 directly interact with the 3'-untranslated region of ERalpha. Ectopic expression of miR-221 and miR-222 in MCF-7 and T47D cells resulted in a decrease in expression of ERalpha protein but not mRNA, whereas knockdown of miR-221 and miR-222 partially restored ERalpha in ERalpha protein-negative/mRNA-positive cells. Notably, miR-221- and/or miR-222-transfected MCF-7 and T47D cells became resistant to tamoxifen compared with vector-treated cells. Furthermore, knockdown of miR-221 and/or miR-222 sensitized MDA-MB-468 cells to tamoxifen-induced cell growth arrest and apoptosis. These findings indicate that miR-221 and miR-222 play a significant role in the regulation of ERalpha expression at the protein level and could be potential targets for restoring ERalpha expression and responding to antiestrogen therapy in a subset of breast cancers."	0
"Title: Gender and risk of autoimmune diseases: possible role of estrogenic compounds. Abstract: A striking common feature of many autoimmune diseases in humans and experimental animals, despite differences in pathology, is that females are highly susceptible to autoimmune conditions compared to males. In several animal models, estrogens promote, whereas androgens abrogate, B-cell-mediated autoimmune diseases. To understand mechanisms by which estrogens regulate autoimmunity, it is first necessary to decipher estrogen effects on the normal immune system. Estrogen treatment of nonautoimmune mice diminished lymphocyte numbers in both developmental and mature lymphoid organs. Estrogen dysregulated T- and B-cell balance by inducing selective T-cell hypoactivity and B-cell hyperactivity. Even though estrogen did not alter the relative percentages of splenic T-cell subsets, splenic lymphocytes had a reduced proliferative response to T-cell stimulants and were refractory to rescue from activation-induced apoptosis compared to cells from placebo-treated mice. In contrast, estrogen induced B-cell hyperactivity (promoted autoantibodies to double-stranded DNA and phospholipids, increased numbers of plasma cells, and increased autoantibody yield per B cell). Note that treatment of normal mice with estrogen can alter T- and B-cell regulation and overcome B-cell tolerance to result in autoimmunity in normal individuals. Could environmental estrogens promote some human autoimmune disorders? Is there a link between environmental estrogens and autoimmune disorders, especially since these disorders are reported possibly more frequently? These provocative questions warrant investigation. Our findings on immunomodulatory effects may serve as a benchmark to examine whether endocrine-disrupting chemicals will have similar immunologic effects."	0
"Title: Evolutionary dynamics of the ABCA chromosome 17q24 cluster genes in vertebrates. Abstract: ABCA is a subfamily of ATP-binding-cassette (ABC) transporter genes. In this subfamily, it was found that five ABCA genes cluster in a head-to-tail pattern in the human and mouse genomes, but only one was found in fish. To understand better the evolution of this cluster of genes, we screened 11 vertebrate genome sequences and newly identified 28 ABCA cluster genes. Comparative genomic analysis reveals that the ABCA5 gene is relatively evolutionarily conserved. In contrast, the repertoires of the other ABCA genes in this cluster diverge tremendously among species, which is due mainly to postspeciation duplications. In addition, maximum likelihood analysis reveals that positive selection is acting on the paralogous genes ABCA6 and Abca8a, suggesting that these two genes have possibly acquired new functions after duplication. Because most eukaryotic ABC proteins integrate into the cytoplasmic membrane and transport a wide range of substrates across it, we conjecture that newly duplicated ABCA cluster genes are under diversifying selection for the ability to recognize a diverse array of substrates."	0
"Title: MiR-939 promotes the proliferation of human ovarian cancer cells by repressing APC2 expression. Abstract: Aberrant activation of the Wnt/?-catenin signal pathway is frequently observed in various human cancers. Therefore, it was speculated that adenomatous polyposis coli 2 (APC2) could play important roles in activating the Wnt/?-catenin pathway. In this present study, miR-939 expression was markedly upregulated in ovarian cancer tissues and ovarian cancer cells. In functional assays, Overexpression of miR-939 promoted the proliferation and anchorage-independent growth of ovarian cancer cells, whereas inhibition of miR-939 inhibited this effect. Bioinformatics analysis further revealed APC2, a putative tumor suppressor as a potential target of miR-939. Result of luciferase reporter assays showed that miR-939 directly binds to the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of APC2 mRNA. Furthermore, we demonstrated that miR-939 could reduce the Wnt/?-catenin signal pathway by suppressing APC2 directly, resulting in increasing expression of CyclinD1, MYC and TCF. In functional assays, APC2-silenced in miR-939-in-transfected ES-2 cells have positive effect to promote cell proliferation, suggesting that direct APC2 downregulation is required for miR-939-induced ovarian cancer cell proliferation. In sum, our data provided compelling evidence that miR-939 functioned as a potential tumor promoter by regulating the Wnt/?-catenin signal pathway through direct suppression of APC2 expression and might sever as a potential therapeutic target for ovarian cancer patients."	0
"Title: TAp63 suppresses metastasis through coordinate regulation of Dicer and miRNAs. Abstract: Aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) and the enzymes that control their processing have been reported in multiple biological processes including primary and metastatic tumours, but the mechanisms governing this are not clearly understood. Here we show that TAp63, a p53 family member, suppresses tumorigenesis and metastasis, and coordinately regulates Dicer and miR-130b to suppress metastasis. Metastatic mouse and human tumours deficient in TAp63 express Dicer at very low levels, and we found that modulation of expression of Dicer and miR-130b markedly affected the metastatic potential of cells lacking TAp63. TAp63 binds to and transactivates the Dicer promoter, demonstrating direct transcriptional regulation of Dicer by TAp63. These data provide a novel understanding of the roles of TAp63 in tumour and metastasis suppression through the coordinate transcriptional regulation of Dicer and miR-130b and may have implications for the many processes regulated by miRNAs."	0
"Title: microRNA fingerprinting of CLL patients with chromosome 17p deletion identify a miR-21 score that stratifies early survival. Abstract: Aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) has been associated with clinical outcome in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). To identify a powerful and easily assessable miRNA bio-marker of prognosis and survival, we performed quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) profiling in 104 CLL patients with a well-defined chromosome 17p status, and we validated our findings with miRNA microarray data from an independent cohort of 80 patients. We found that miR-15a, miR-21, miR-34a, miR-155, and miR-181b were differentially expressed between CLLs with chromosome 17p deletion and CLLs with normal 17p and normal karyotype, and that miR-181b was down-regulated in therapy-refractory cases. miR-21 expression levels were significantly higher in patients with poor prognosis and predicted overall survival (OS), and miR-181b expression levels significantly predicted treatment-free survival. We developed a 21FK score (miR-21 qRT-PCR, fluorescence in situ hybridization, Karyotype) to stratify patients according to OS and found that patients with a low score had a significantly longer OS time. When we evaluated the relative power of the 21FK score with the most used prognostic factors, the score was the most significant in both CLL cohorts. We conclude that the 21FK score represents a useful tool for distinguishing between good-prognosis and poor-prognosis CLL patients."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-335 acts as a metastasis suppressor in gastric cancer by targeting Bcl-w and specificity protein 1. Abstract: Aberrant expression of miR-335 has been frequently reported in cancer studies, suggesting that there is a close correlation between miR-335 and cancer during its development, progression, metastasis and prognosis. The expression of miR-335 in gastric cancer and its effects are not known. Relative expression of miR-335 in 4 gastric cancer cell lines and in 70 gastric cancer tissues was confirmed by real-time quantitative reverse transcriptase-PCR compared with controls. Transwell cell migration and Matrigel invasion assay in vitro and metastasis formation assay in vivo were used to examine the effects of miR-335 expression on gastric cancer cell invasion and metastasis. The effect of miR-335 expression on gastric cancer cell proliferation was estimated by the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide assay. Luciferase reporter assay and western blot were used to examine the potential target genes and related pathways. Gene silencing with small-interfering RNA was used to examine the effects of target genes on gastric cancer cell invasion. miR-335 was dramatically downregulated in gastric cancer cell lines than in the normal gastric cell line GES-1. Low expression of miR-335 was significantly associated with lymph-node metastasis, poor pT stage, poor pN stage and invasion of lymphatic vessels. Overexpression of miR-335 suppressed gastric cancer cell invasion and metastasis in vitro and in vivo, but has no significant effects on cell proliferation. Furthermore, miR-335 might suppress gastric cancer invasion and metastasis by targeting Bcl-w and specificity protein 1 (SP1). Taken together, our results provide evidence that miR-335 might function as a metastasis suppressor in gastric cancer by targeting SP1 directly and indirectly through the Bcl-w-induced phosphoinositide 3-kinase-Akt-Sp1 pathway. miR-335 showing altered expression at different stages of gastric cancer could be a target for gastric cancer therapies and could be further developed as a potential prognostic factor."	0
"Title: miR424-5p functions as an anti-oncogene in cervical cancer cell growth by targeting KDM5B via the Notch signaling pathway. Abstract: Aberrant expression of miRNAs exert the critical roles in carcinogenesis, including cervical cancer. Recent study corroborated the down-regulation of miR424-5p in uterine cervix adenocarcinoma. This research aimed to investigate the function and underlying mechanisms of miR424-5p in cervical cancer cell growth. Main methods: Tissues samples were collected from patients with cervical cancer and healthy control. The expression levels of miR424-5p were determined by qRT-PCR. After transfection with miR424-5p mimics or inhibitor, cervical cancer cell proliferation and apoptosis were evaluated by WST-1 and flow cytometry assay, respectively. The underlying mechanism involved in aforementioned processes was also explored. Key findings: Expression of miR424-5p was notably decreased in cervical cancer tissues and cells. Overexpression of miR424-5p restrained cell proliferation and promoted cell apoptosis, but with little function in miR424-5p inhibitor-treated groups. Furthermore, KDM5B was identified as a direct target of miR424-5p as the evidence that miR-424-5p inhibited KDM5B expression and luciferase activity of KDM5B 3'-UTR. Here, KDM5B elevation majorly reversed miR424-5p-triggered inhibition in cell proliferation and increase in cell apoptosis. Moreover, silencing KDM5B expression also restrained cell growth. Additionally, miR424-5p overexpression inhibited the expression of Notch1 and Notch2, which was obviously rescued after KDM5B up-regulation. Simultaneously, blocking KDM5B also attenuated the activation of Notch pathway. Importantly, treatment with Notch agonist Jagged1 antagonized miR424-5p-mediated suppression on cell growth. Significance: This research suggests that miR424-5p may act as a novel anti-oncogene in cervical cancer by blocking cell growth through targeting KDM5B-Notch pathway. Accordingly, our study will support a promising therapeutic strategy against cervical carcinoma."	0
"Title: Hypermethylation of miR-203 in endometrial carcinomas. Abstract: Aberrant expression of SOX4 in endometrial cancer has been identified and partially was contributed to hypermethylation of miR-129-2. Other miRNAs are suspected to influence SOX 4 as well. The current study seeks to identify other hypermethylated miRNAs that regulate SOX4 in endometrial carcinomas. Methods: Methylation levels of miRNA promoter regions were measured by combined bisulfite restriction analysis (COBRA) and pyrosequencing assays. Gene expression was determined by RT-qPCR. Methylation level of a miRNA locus was corrected with clinicopathologic factors for 252 gynecological specimens. Results: In silico analysis identified 13 miRNA loci bound on the 3'-UTR of SOX4. Using COBRA assays, increased methylation of miR-203, miR-219-2, miR-596, and miR-618 was detected in endometrial cancer cells relative to those seen in a normal cell line and in normal endometrium. Transfection of a miR-203 mimic decreased SOX4 gene expression. Hypermethylation of miR-203 was detected in 52% of type I endometrioid endometrial carcinomas (n=131) but was not seen in any of 10 uninvolved normal endometria (P<0.001). Methylation status of miR-203 was significantly associated with microsatellite instability and MLH1 methylation in endometrial tumors (P<0.001). Furthermore, hypermethylation of miR-203 was found in endometrioid and clear endometrial subtype tumors, but not in cervical squamous cell and ovarian carcinomas. Conclusions: Hypermethylation of miR-203 is a frequent event in endometrial carcinomas and is strongly associated with microsatellite instability and MLH1 methylation status. Thus, miR-203 methylation level might represent a marker for patients with endometrioid and clear endometrial sub-cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-223 and microRNA-92a in stool and plasma samples act as complementary biomarkers to increase colorectal cancer detection. Abstract: Aberrant levels of circulating miRNAs are potential biomarkers for the early detection of colorectal cancer (CRC). However, no previous systematic study has examined miRNAs in various specimen types from the same patient to evaluate their clinical utility. In this study, we compiled information from ~450 articles published before 2012, and selected the 46 most frequently reported CRC-related miRNAs as candidates. We then established a 46-miRNA multiplex RT-qPCR method, and efficiently examined two clinically accessible samples: stool from fecal occult blood test and EDTA plasma. A total of 62 tissue, 447 stool, and 398 plasma samples were collected from CRC patients and healthy controls. Good correlations of detectable miRNAs were noticed in paired tumor tissues, stool, and plasma samples of 62 CRC patients. Using these 62 CRC patients and 62 matched healthy controls as the training set, 5 and 11 differentially expressed miRNAs achieved the area under the ROC curve (AUC) greater than 0.7 in stool and plasma samples, respectively. The selected miRNAs was subsequently validated using the remaining enrolled samples as the test cohort; 4 miRNAs in stool and 6 miRNAs in plasma were maintained discriminating powers for CRC patients. After examining the complementary effect, combined analysis of miR-223 and miR-92a, which were commonly present in stool and plasma samples, yielded the highest sensitivity of 96.8% and the specificity of 75% for CRC (AUC = 0.907). These results allowed us to establish a two-miRNA biosignature in two types of CRC clinical specimens with a high sensitivity for CRC detection."	0
"Title: Restoration of miR17/20a in solid tumor cells enhances the natural killer cell antitumor activity by targeting Mekk2. Abstract: Aberrant microRNA (miRNA) expression has been identified in various human solid cancers. However, whether the levels of miRNA expression in tumor cells have any effect on tumor progression has not been determined. In this proof-of-concept study, the restoration of high-level expression of the miR17-92 cluster of miRNAs reveals its function as a tumor suppressor in murine solid cancer cells. Specifically, genetically engineered expression of higher levels of miR17/20a in the miR17-92 cluster in both murine breast cancer and colon cancer cells triggered natural killer (NK)-cell recognition by inhibiting the expression of MHC class I (H-2D) through the Mekk2-Mek5-Erk5 pathway. Results from the mouse tumor studies were recapitulated using samples of human solid tumors. Together, these data indicate that miR17/20a miRNAs function as tumor suppressors by reprogramming tumor cells for NK cell-mediated cytotoxicity."	0
"Title: Mir143 expression inversely correlates with nuclear ERK5 immunoreactivity in clinical prostate cancer. Abstract: Aberrant mitogen/extracellular signal-regulated kinase 5 (MEK5)-extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase 5 (ERK5)-mediated signalling has been implicated in a number of tumour types including prostate cancer (CaP). The mechanism for ERK5 activation in CaP remains to be fully elucidated. Studies have recently implicated the role of microRNA (miRNA) mir143 expression in the regulation of ERK5 expression. Methods: We utilised a tissue microarray (TMA) of 530 CaP cores from 168 individual patients and stained for both mir143 and ERK5. These TMAs were scored by a combination of observer and automated methods. Results: We observed a strong inverse relation between ERK5 and mir143, which manifested itself most strongly in the subgroup of 417 cores with non-zero mir143 and ERK5 immunoreactivity, or with only one of mir143 or ERK5 being zero (cc=0.2558 and P<0.0001). Mir143 neither correlate with Gleason scores or prostate-specific antigen levels, nor was it a predictor of disease-specific survival on univariate analysis. Conclusion: Although the mechanism for ERK5 activation in CaP remains to be fully elucidated, we have further validated the potential role of mir143 in regulating ERK5 levels in the clinical context. In addition, we demonstrate that the automated counting method for nuclear ERK5 is a clinically useful alterative to observer counting method in patient stratification in the context of ERK5 targeting therapy."	0
"Title: MiR-145 functions as a tumor suppressor by directly targeting histone deacetylase 2 in liver cancer. Abstract: Aberrant regulation of histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC2) plays a pivotal role in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), but, the underlying mechanism leading to HDAC2 overexpression is not well understood. We performed microRNA (miRNA) profiling analysis in a subset of HCCs, and identified four down-regulated miRNAs that may target HDAC2 in HCC. Ectopic expression of miRNA mimics evidenced that miR-145 suppresses HDAC2 expression in HCC cells. This treatment repressed cancer cell growth and recapitulated HDAC2 knockdown effects on HCC cells. In conclusion, we suggest that loss or suppression of miR-145 may cause aberrant overexpression of HDAC2 and promote HCC tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Array-based DNA methylation profiling for breast cancer subtype discrimination. Abstract: Abnormal DNA methylation is well established for breast cancer and contributes to its progression by silencing tumor suppressor genes. DNA methylation profiling platforms might provide an alternative approach to expression microarrays for accurate breast tumor subtyping. We sought to determine whether the distinction of the inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) phenotype from the non-IBC phenotype by transcriptomics could be sustained by methylomics. Methodology/principal findings: We performed methylation profiling on a cohort of IBC (N = 19) and non-IBC (N = 43) samples using the Illumina Infinium Methylation Assay. These results were correlated with gene expression profiles. Methylation values allowed separation of breast tumor samples into high and low methylation groups. This separation was significantly related to DNMT3B mRNA levels. The high methylation group was enriched for breast tumor samples from patients with distant metastasis and poor prognosis, as predicted by the 70-gene prognostic signature. Furthermore, this tumor group tended to be enriched for IBC samples (54% vs. 24%) and samples with a high genomic grade index (67% vs. 38%). A set of 16 CpG loci (14 genes) correctly classified 97% of samples into the low or high methylation group. Differentially methylated genes appeared to be mainly related to focal adhesion, cytokine-cytokine receptor interactions, Wnt signaling pathway, chemokine signaling pathways and metabolic processes. Comparison of IBC with non-IBC led to the identification of only four differentially methylated genes (TJP3, MOGAT2, NTSR2 and AGT). A significant correlation between methylation values and gene expression was shown for 4,981 of 6,605 (75%) genes. Conclusions/significance: A subset of clinical samples of breast cancer was characterized by high methylation levels, which coincided with increased DNMT3B expression. Furthermore, an association was observed with molecular signatures indicative of poor patient prognosis. The results of the current study also suggest that aberrant DNA methylation is not the main force driving the molecular biology of IBC."	0
"Title: miR-145 functions as tumor suppressor and targets two oncogenes, ANGPT2 and NEDD9, in renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: Abnormal expression of miRNAs is closely related to a variety of human cancers. The purpose of this study is to identify new tumor suppressor miRNA and elucidate its physiological function and mechanism in renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Methods: The expression of miR-145 in 45 RCC and adjacent normal tissues was performed by quantitative RT-PCR. Cell proliferation, migration, invasion, apoptosis and cycle assays were carried out for functional analysis after miR-145 transfection. Two target genes of miR-145 were identified by luciferase reporter assay. The altered expression of 84 epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT)-related genes after miR-145 transfection was detected by RT(2) Profiler EMT PCR array. Results: The expression of miR-145 was downregulated in RCC compared to their normal adjacent tissues. Restoring miR-145 expression in RCC cell lines dramatically suppressed cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and induced cell apoptosis and G2-phase arrest. We further validated those miR-145 targets two oncogenes, ANGPT2 and NEDD9 in RCC. In addition, miR-145 was found to regulate numerous genes involved in the EMT. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that miR-145 functions as tumor suppressor in RCC, suggesting that miR-145 may be a potential therapeutic target for RCC."	0
"Title: BRD7-Mediated miR-3148 Inhibits Progression of Cervical Cancer by Targeting Wnt3a/?-Catenin Pathway. Abstract: Abnormal expression of miRNAs is closely related to the occurrence and development of tumors, and thus has become the most concerned biomolecule in the field of tumors. But so far, miRNAs that are truly recognized and studied for their function are only a small part, and their mechanism in tumors needs to be further studied. In this study, we identify that miR-3148 is downregulated in the development of cervical cancer. In cervical cancer cells, upregulated miR-3148 inhibits cell proliferation and promotes apoptosis, suggesting that miR-3148 acts as a tumor suppressor gene. Furthermore, we explored the mechanism of miR-3148 in cervical cancer cells from both transcriptional and post-transcriptional levels. Our research reveals that on the one hand, bromodomain containing 7 (BRD7) acts as a transcription factor to up-regulate the expression of miR-3148 at the transcriptional level; on the other hand, miR-3148 targets the 3'UTR of Wnt3a mRNA to inhibit Wnt3a expression at the post-transcriptional level, thereby suppressing Wnt3a/?-catenin signaling pathway and exerting its tumor suppressor role in cervical cancer. In conclusion, our study elucidates the mechanism of BRD7/miR-3148/Wnt3a/?-catenin pathway in cervical cancer and provides a new research direction for targeted therapy of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-495 Regulates Migration and Invasion in Prostate Cancer Cells Via Targeting Akt and mTOR Signaling. Abstract: Abnormal microRNA (miR) expressions were implicated in prostate cancer progression. We identified a novel miR-495, which was downregulated in prostate cancer, but not normal prostate cell lines. MiR-495 directly targeted the 3'-UTR of Akt and mTOR mRNAs. Expression of miR-495 in prostate cancer cells significantly downregulated Akt and mTOR, which further inhibited cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro. Function of miR-495 in vivo was examined in mouse xenograft model and was found to significantly inhibit the growth of tumors, mediated by repressing Akt and mTOR. Our report supported miR-495 as a novel tumor suppressor microRNA in prostate cancer."	0
"Title: miR-21 as an independent biochemical recurrence predictor and potential therapeutic target for prostate cancer. Abstract: Abnormal miRNA expression is associated with prostate cancer progression. However, the relationship between miRNA and biochemical recurrence after radical prostatectomy is not well established. Thus, we evaluated the miRNA miR-21 as a biomarker to predict the risk of biochemical failure, and as a potential drug target for prostate cancer therapy. Materials and methods: miR-21 levels were assayed using locked nucleic acid in situ hybridization coupled with tissue microarray techniques in 169 radical prostatectomy tissue samples. The Cox proportional hazard model was used to analyze miR-21 expression as an independent predictor of biochemical recurrence. The association of miR-21 with recurrence was estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method. miR-21 was also evaluated as a potential drug target for prostate cancer therapy. Results: miR-21 expression in prostate cancer tissue samples was significantly associated with pathological stage, lymph node metastasis, capsular invasion, organ confined disease, Gleason score, biochemical recurrence and patient followup. Multivariate analysis also indicated that miR-21 expression could be an independent predictor of biochemical recurrence. The 5-year recurrence-free probability for patients positive vs negative for miR-21 expression was 33.9% vs 44.5%. In vivo treatment with antagomir-21 also repressed the tumor growth of DU145 cells in nude mice. Conclusions: Positive miR-21 expression was associated with poor biochemical recurrence-free survival and predicted the risk of biochemical recurrence in patients with prostate cancer after radical prostatectomy. Accordingly gene therapy using miR-21 inhibition strategies may prove useful for prostate cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Let-7 as biomarker, prognostic indicator, and therapy for precision medicine in cancer. Abstract: Abnormal regulation and expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) has been documented in various diseases including cancer. The miRNA let-7 (MIRLET7) family controls developmental timing and differentiation. Let-7 loss contributes to carcinogenesis via an increase in its target oncogenes and stemness factors. Let-7 targets include genes regulating the cell cycle, cell signaling, and maintenance of differentiation. It is categorized as a tumor suppressor because it reduces cancer aggressiveness, chemoresistance, and radioresistance. However, in rare situations let-7 acts as an oncogene, increasing cancer migration, invasion, chemoresistance, and expression of genes associated with progression and metastasis. Here, we review let-7 function as tumor suppressor and oncogene, considering let-7 as a potential diagnostic and prognostic marker, and a therapeutic target for cancer treatment. We explain the complex regulation and function of different let-7 family members, pointing to abnormal processes involved in carcinogenesis. Let-7 is a promising option to complement conventional cancer therapy, but requires a tumor specific delivery method to avoid toxicity. While let-7 therapy is not yet established, we make the case that assessing its tumor presence is crucial when choosing therapy. Clinical data demonstrate that let-7 can be used as a biomarker for rational precision medicine decisions, resulting in improved patient survival."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-30a suppresses breast tumor growth and metastasis by targeting metadherin. Abstract: Accumulating data have shown the involvement of microRNAs in cancerous processes as either oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. Here, we established miR-30a as a tumor suppressor gene in breast cancer development and metastasis. Ectopic expression of miR-30a in breast cancer cell lines resulted in the suppression of cell growth and metastasis in vitro. Consistently, the xenograft mouse model also unveiled the suppressive effects of miR-30a on tumor growth and distal pulmonary metastasis. With dual luciferase reporter assay, we revealed that miR-30a could bind to the 3'-untranslated region of metadherin (MTDH) gene, thus exerting inhibitory effect on MTDH. Furthermore, we demonstrated that silence of MTDH could recapitulate the effects of miR-30a overexpression, while overexpression of MTDH could partially abrogate miR-30a-mediated suppression. Of significance, expression level of miR-30a was found to be significantly lower in primary breast cancer tissues than in the paired normal tissues. Further evaluation verified that miR-30a was negatively correlated with the extent of lymph node and lung metastasis in patients with breast cancer. Taken together, our findings indicated miR-30a inhibits breast cancer proliferation and metastasis by directly targeting MTDH, and miR-30a can serve as a prognostic marker for breast cancer. Manipulation of miR-30a may provide a promising therapeutic strategy for breast cancer treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-1297 inhibits metastasis and epithelial-mesenchymal transition by targeting AEG-1 in cervical cancer. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has demonstrated that aberrant miRNAs contribute to cervical cancer (CC) development and progression. However, the roles of various miRNAs in CC remain to be determined. In the present study, we confirmed that a decreased miR-1297 expression was present in CC tissues and cell lines. Our clinical analysis revealed that the downregulated miR-1297 expression was significantly correlated with poor prognostic features including lymph node metastasis and lymphovascular space invasion. Moreover, we confirmed that miR-1297 was a novel independent prognostic marker for predicting the 5-year survival of CC patients. The ectopic overexpression of miR-1297 inhibited cell migration, invasion and EMT progression, while downregulated miR-1297 reversed these effects. In addition, miR-1297 regulated AEG-1 by directly binding to its 3'-UTR. In clinical samples of CC, miR-1297 was inversely correlated with AEG-1, which was upregulated in CC. Alteration of AEG-1 expression at least partially abolished the migration, invasion and EMT progression effects of miR-1297 on CC cells. In conclusion, our results indicated that miR-1297 functioned as a tumor suppressor gene in regulating the EMT and metastasis of CC via targeting of AEG-1, and may represent a novel potential therapeutic target and prognostic marker for CC."	0
"Title: MiR-661 contributed to cell proliferation of human ovarian cancer cells by repressing INPP5J expression. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has emerged important roles for microRNAs (miRNAs) participating in oncogenesis and growth of various cancers. We hypothesized that miR-661 played an important role in cell growth of ovarian cancer. Here, we found miR-661 was upregulated in human ovarian cancer cell lines and clinical tumor tissues. Our results revealed that miR-661 directly targeted INPP5J, thereby acting as tumor promoter in ovarian cancer cells by blocking cell proliferation. Importantly, we identified miR-661 as a positive regulator of INPP5J-induced AKT pathway. Taken together, our study sheds light onto the role of miR-661 as tumor promoter by targeting the INPP5J gene, and then promoting cell proliferation of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Overexpression of mircoRNA-137 inhibits cervical cancer cell invasion, migration and epithelial-mesenchymal transition by suppressing the TGF-?/smad pathway via binding to GREM1. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has highlighted the tumor suppressive roles of microRNA (miRNAs) in cervical cancer (CC). In the present study, we aim to delineate the functional relevance of microRNA-137 (miR-137) in influencing epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), and other CC cell biological activities via the TGF-?/smad pathway by binding to GREM1. Methods: Microarray analysis was initially adopted to predict the differentially expressed genes and the miRNAs related to CC, followed by the measurement of the expression patterns of GREM1, EMT-related factors in the CC tissues and the adjacent tissues. Dual luciferase reporter gene assay was conducted to determine the relationship between miR-137 and GREM1. Gain-of- and loss-of-function experiments were conducted to characterize the effects of miR-137 and GREM1 on the colony formation, proliferation, apoptosis, migration, and invasion of CC cells in vitro, and the tumorigenicity of the CC cells in nude mice. The TGF-?/smad pathway was subsequently blocked with si-TGF-? to investigate its involvement. Results: Reduced miR-137 expression and increased GREM1 expression were predicted in CC, which was subsequently observed in the CC tissues and cells. Notably, GREM1 was a target gene of miR-137. The overexpressed miR-137 was found to inhibit EMT, cell proliferation, colony formation, invasion, migration and tumorigenesis in nude mice. In addition, miR-137 was noted to inhibit the activation of the TGF-?/smad pathway by binding to GREM1. The silencing of TGF-?1 was shown to reverse the effects induced by downregulated expression of miR-137. Conclusions: This study suggests that upregulated miR-137 suppresses the tumor progression in CC via blocking the TGF-?/smad pathway by binding to and negatively regulating GREM1."	0
"Title: miR-145 inhibits proliferation and invasion of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in part by targeting c-Myc. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has shown that microRNAs (miRNAs) are aberrantly expressed in human esophageal cancer and crucial to tumorigenesis. Herein, we identified the role of miR-145 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) development in vitro and in vivo. Material and methods: miR-145 expression was investigated in 40 ESCC samples as well as 5 ESCC cell lines by real-time polymerase chain reaction. Crystal violet and transwell assays were conducted to explore the effects of miR-145 on the proliferation and invasion of human ESCC cell lines, respectively. The impact of overexpression of miR-145 on putative target c-Myc was subsequently confirmed via Western blot. Results: miR-145 expression was frequently downregulated in ESCC specimens and cell lines compared with adjacent normal tissues (p < 0.05). Overexpression of miR-145 suppressed (p < 0.05) ESCC cell proliferation and invasion, as well as the growth of xenograft tumors in mice. Overexpression of miR-145 significantly decreased (p < 0.05) the protein level of c-Myc which has previously been identified as a direct target of miR-145. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that overexpression of miR-145 inhibits tumor growth in part by targeting c-Myc. Our findings revealed that miR-145 may act as a tumor suppressor in ESCC, and its dysregulation may be involved in the initiation and development of human ESCC."	0
"Title: MiR-126 regulated breast cancer cell invasion by targeting ADAM9. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has shown that microRNAs (miRNAs) deregulation is commonly observed in human malignancies and crucial to cancer metastasis. Herein, we demonstrated that miR-126 play a suppressor role in human breast cancer cells invasion through the direct repression of a disintegrin and metalloprotease 9 (ADAM9). MiR-126 expression was investigated in forty cases of breast cancer specimens by real-time PCR. Transwell assay was conducted to explore the effects of miR-126 on the invasion of human breast cancer cell lines. The impact of miR-126 overexpression on putative target ADAM9 was subsequently confirmed by Western blot analysis. Our results indicated that miR-126 expression was frequently down-regulated in breast cancer specimens compared with adjacent normal tissues (P<0.05). Overexpression of miR-126 significantly reduced (P<0.05) the protein levels of ADAM9, further suppressed (P<0.05) breast cancer cell invasion in vitro. Meanwhile, knockdown of ADAM9 by small interfering RNA (siRNA) also inhibited (P<0.05) breast cancer cell invasion. Thus, our study revealed that miR-126 may act as a tumor suppressor via inhibition of cell invasion by downregulating ADAM9 in breast cancer development."	0
"Title: Down-regulated miR-625 suppresses invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer by targeting ILK. Abstract: Accumulating evidence has shown that microRNAs are involved in multiple processes in cancer development and progression. Here, we report that expression of miR-625 is significantly down-regulated and negatively correlated with lymph node metastasis in gastric cancer. miR-625 significantly inhibits invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer cells both in vitro and in vivo. Moreover, we identify that ILK is a direct target gene for miR-625 and knockdown of ILK has a phenocopy of overexpression of miR-625. Taken together, our findings suggest that miR-625 plays an important role in the mechanism of tumor metastasis."	0
"Title: MiR-223 inhibited cell metastasis of human cervical cancer by modulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Accumulating evidence have emerged important roles for microRNAs (miRNAs) participating in epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) process and are associated with metastasis in cervical cancer. We hypothesized that miR-223 played an important role in cell metastasis of cervical cancer. Here, we found miR-223 was downregulated in human cervical cancer cell lines and clinical tumor tissues. Result of wound healing and cell migration assays revealed that miR-223 inhibited cell migration, whereas miR-223-in showed the opposite effect. In terms of mechanism, miR-223 influenced the expression of the EMT-associated proteins by upregulating the epithelial markers E-cadherin and ?-cadherin and downregulating the mesenchymal marker vimentin. In conclusion, miR-223 inhibited cell metastasis of human cervical cancer by modulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition."	0
"Title: WP1066 sensitizes oral squamous cell carcinoma cells to cisplatin by targeting STAT3/miR-21 axis. Abstract: Accumulating evidence reveals that activation of STAT3 and miR-21 contributes to chemoresistance in multiple tumors. We examined the expression of STAT3 and miR-21 in 43 oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) tumors and classified them into cisplatin sensitive or resistant group. Tca8113 and Tca8113/DDP cells were treated with cisplatin (DDP), WP1066 (STAT3 inhibitor) or in combination. MTT, colony formation, wound healing, 3-D culture, and transwell chamber assays were used to evaluate the malignant phenotype of OSCC cells. We evaluated the effect of WP1066 on the expression of STAT3 and miR-21. A Tca8113/DDP OSCC xenograft tumor model was established to evaluate the therapeutic effect of WP1066 in combination with DDP. The expression of STAT3/miR-21 was significantly increased in DDP-resistant OSCC samples and Tca8113/DDP cells compared to its parental cell. Treatment of DDP combined with WP1066 efficiently inhibited Tca8113 and Tca8113/DDP cell proliferation, migration and invasion. STAT3 mediated OSCC cell survival and DDP resistance through upregulating the expression of miR-21 and downregulating miR-21 downstream targets, including PTEN, TIMP3 and PDCD4. WP1066 plus DDP treatment could inhibit Tca8113 and Tca8113/DDP cell growth by inhibiting STAT3 phosphorylation and miR-21 expression. These results indicated that STAT3/miR-21 axis could be a candidate therapeutic target for OSCC chemoresistance."	0
"Title: miR-132 targeting E2F5 suppresses cell proliferation, invasion, migration in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Accumulating evidence showed that microRNA-132 (miR-132) are involved in development and progression of several types of cancers, however, the function and underlying molecular mechanism of miR-132 in ovarian cancer remains unclear. In this study we investigated the biological roles and molecular mechanism of miR-132 in ovarian cancer. Here, we found that that the expression levels of miR-132 were dramatically decreased in ovarian cancer cell lines and clinical ovarian cancer tissue samples. Then, we found that introduction of miR-132 significantly suppressed the proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion of ovarian cancer cells. Mechanism investigation revealed that miR-132 inhibited the expression of transcription factor E2F5 by specifically targeting its mRNA 3'UTR. Moreover, the expression level of E2F5 was significantly increased in ovarian cancer tissues than in the adjacent normal tissues, and its expression was inversely correlated with miR-132 expression in clinical ovarian cancer tissues. Additionally, silencing E2F5 was able to inhibit the proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion of ovarian cancer cells, parallel to the effect of miR-132 overexpression on the ovarian cancer cells. Meanwhile, overexpression of E2F5 reversed the inhibition effect mediated by miR-132 overexpression. These results indicate that miR-132 suppresses the cell proliferation, invasion, migration in ovarian cancer cells by targeting E2F5."	0
"Title: Tumor suppressor role of miR-217 in human epithelial ovarian cancer by targeting IGF1R. Abstract: Accumulating evidence shows that microRNA-217 (miR-217) is frequently dysregulated in various cancers, and plays crucial roles in tumorigenesis and metastasis; however, the role and underlying molecular mechanism of miR-217 in human epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) remains unclear. Here, we report that miR-217 expression was downregulated in EOC tissue and inversely correlated with advanced FIGO stage, high histological grading and lymph node metastasis (P<0.01). Function analysis revealed that the ectopic expression of miR-217 in EOC cells inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro, as well as suppressed tumor growth in vivo. Bioinformatics analysis and dual luciferase assays identified insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (IGF1R) as a direct target of miR-217 in EOC cells. Western blot assay showed that overexpression of miR-217 in EOC cells inhibited IGF1R expression. In addition, downregulation of IGF1R mimicked the tumor-suppressive effects of miR-217 in EOC cells, whereas the reintroduction of IGF1R partially abrogated the suppression effect induced by miR-217 on EOC cells. Collectively, these results demonstrated that miR-217 plays a tumor suppressor role in human epithelial ovarian cancer by directly targeting IGF1R gene, suggesting a new potential therapeutic target in EOC."	0
"Title: Antagonism of miR-21 reverses epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cancer stem cell phenotype through AKT/ERK1/2 inactivation by targeting PTEN. Abstract: Accumulating evidence suggested that epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cancer stem cell (CSC) characteristics, both of which contribute to tumor invasion and metastasis, are interrelated with miR-21. MiR-21 is one of the important microRNAs associated with tumor progression and metastasis, but the molecular mechanisms underlying EMT and CSC phenotype during miR-21 contributes to migration and invasion of breast cancer cells remain to be elucidated. Methodology/principal findings: In this study, MDA-MB-231/anti-miR-21 cells were established by transfected hsa-miR-21 antagomir into breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cells. EMT was evaluated by the changes of mesenchymal cell markers (N-cadherin, Vimentin, and alpha-SMA), epithelial cell marker (E-cadherin), as well as capacities of cell migration and invasion; CSC phenotype was measured using the changes of CSC surface markers (ALDH1 and CD44), and the capacity of sphereforming (mammospheres). We found that antagonism of miR-21 reversed EMT and CSC phenotype, accompanied with PTEN up-regulation and AKT/ERK1/2 inactivation. Interestingly, down-regulation of PTEN by siPTEN suppressed the effects of miR-21 antagomir on EMT and CSC phenotype, confirming that PTEN is a target of miR-21 in reversing EMT and CSC phenotype. The inhibitors of PI3K-AKT and ERK1/2 pathways, LY294002 and U0126, both significantly suppressed EMT and CSC phenotype, indicating that AKT and ERK1/2 pathways are required for miR-21 mediating EMT and CSC phenotype. Conclusions/significance: In conclusion, our results demonstrated that antagonism of miR-21 reverses EMT and CSC phenotype through targeting PTEN, via inactivation of AKT and ERK1/2 pathways, and showed a novel mechanism of which might relieve the malignant biological behaviors of breast cancer."	0
"Title: Tumor-suppressive miR-34a induces senescence-like growth arrest through modulation of the E2F pathway in human colon cancer cells. Abstract: Accumulating evidence suggests a role for microRNAs in human carcinogenesis as novel types of tumor suppressors or oncogenes. However, their precise biological role remains largely elusive. In the present study, we aimed to identify microRNA species involved in the regulation of cell proliferation. Using quantitative RT-PCR analysis, we demonstrated that miR-34a was highly up-regulated in a human colon cancer cell line, HCT 116, treated with a DNA-damaging agent, adriamycin. Transient introduction of miR-34a into two human colon cancer cell lines, HCT 116 and RKO, caused complete suppression of cell proliferation and induced senescence-like phenotypes. Moreover, miR-34a also suppressed in vivo growth of HCT 116 and RKO cells in tumors in mice when complexed and administered with atelocollagen for drug delivery. Gene-expression microarray and immunoblot analyses revealed down-regulation of the E2F pathway by miR-34a introduction. Up-regulation of the p53 pathway was also observed. Furthermore, 9 of 25 human colon cancers (36%) showed decreased expression of miR-34a compared with counterpart normal tissues. Our results provide evidence that miR-34a functions as a potent suppressor of cell proliferation through modulation of the E2F signaling pathway. Abrogation of miR-34a function could contribute to aberrant cell proliferation, leading to colon cancer development."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 suppresses hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting IRS1 and its downstream Akt signaling. Abstract: Accumulating evidences have proved that dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) is involved in cancer initiation and progression. In this study, we showed that miRNA-145 level was significantly decreased in hepatocellular cancer (HCC) tissues and cell lines, and its low expression was inversely associated with the abundance of insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1), a key mediator in oncogenic insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling. We verified IRS1 as a direct target of miR-145 using Western blotting and luciferase reporter assay. Further, the restoration of miR-145 in HCC cell lines suppressed cancer cell growth, owing to down-regulated IRS1 expression and its downstream Akt/FOXO1 signaling. Our results demonstrated that miR-145 could inhibit HCC through targeting IRS1 and its downstream signaling, implicating the loss of miR-145 regulation may be a potential molecular mechanism causing aberrant oncogenic signaling in HCC."	0
"Title: MiR-106b and miR-93 regulate cell progression by suppression of PTEN via PI3K/Akt pathway in breast cancer. Abstract: Accumulating evidences have revealed that dysregulated microRNAs (miRNAs) involve in the tumorigenesis, progression and even lead to poor prognosis of various carcinomas, including breast cancer. MiRNA-106b-5p (miR-106b) and miRNA-93-5p (miR-93) levels were confirmed to be significantly upregulated in breast cancer clinical samples (n=36) and metastatic cell line (MDA-MB-231) compared with those in the paired adjacent tissues and normal breast epithelial cell line (MCF-10A). Moreover, further research stated that the capability of migration, invasion and proliferation changed along with the altered expression of miR-106b and miR-93 in breast cancer. PTEN, the tumor-suppressor gene, was discovered to be reduced in breast cancer tissues or MDA-MB-231 cells with high levels of miR-106b and miR-93, which were inversely expressed in PTEN overexpression tissues or cells. Based on the investigation, miR-106b and miR-93 induced the migration, invasion and proliferation and simultaneously enhanced the activity of phosphatidylinositol-3 kinase (PI3K)/Akt pathway of MCF-7 cells, which could be blocked by upregulation of PTEN. Furthermore, suppression of PTEN reversed the function induced by anti-miR-106b and anti-miR-93 in MDA-MB-231 cells, indicating that PTEN was directly targeted by these miRNAs and acted as the potential therapeutic target for breast cancer therapy. In short, reductive PTEN mediated by miR-106b and miR-93 promoted cell progression through PI3K/Akt pathway in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Downregulation of miR-30a is associated with proliferation and invasion via targeting MEF2D in cervical cancer. Abstract: Accumulating studies have revealed that microRNAs serve crucial roles in cancer development and progression. MicroRNA-30a (miR-30a) has been implicated in various cancer types. However, the role of miR-30a in cervical cancer remains unclear. In the current study, a reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) assay revealed that miR-30a was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer tissues compared with adjacent normal tissues, and in the cervical cancer cell lines HeLa, SiHa and Ca-Ski compared with GH329 normal cervical epithelial cells. A functional assay using miR-30a mimic demonstrated that miR-30a could inhibit the growth and invasion of cervical cancer cells. Additionally, bioinformatics-based prediction and luciferase reporter assays indicated thatMEF2Dis a direct target of miR-30a. Transfection with miR-30a reduced the mRNA expression and protein levels ofMEF2D, as determined using RT-qPCR and western blot analyses. Furthermore,MEF2Dexpression was negatively correlated with that of miR-30a in cervical cancers. Overall, the present study demonstrated that miR-30a functions as a tumor suppressor by targetingMEF2Din cervical cancer, which may provide the basis for a prognostic biomarker or therapeutic strategy for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Long non-coding RNA CASC9 enhances breast cancer progression by promoting metastasis through the meditation of miR-215/TWIST2 signaling associated with TGF-? expression. Abstract: Accumulating study has indicated that long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) could serve as critical modulators to meditate tumor metastasis. In the study, the crucial role of lncRNA cancer susceptibility candidate 9 (CASC9) in regulating cervical cancer metastasis and progression was investigated. CASC9 expression was markedly increased in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Cervical cancer patients with low CASC9 expression showed better overall survival rate. Moreover, cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs)-derived transforming growth factor ? (TGF-?) could increase CASC9 expression. The crosslink between CAFs and cervical cancer cells led to CASC9 to elevate the metastasis of cervical cancer cells. CASC9 dysregulation could function as a miRNA sponge to competitively protect twist homolog 2 (TWIST2) mRNA 3'UTR from miR-215. Results in this study indicated the effects of CASC9 on cervical cancer and suggested a novel axis by which CASC9 meditated cervical cancer cell metastasis and proliferation both in vivo and in vitro. Together, CASC9 could be a prognostic marker for cervical cancer to develop effective therapeutic treatment against cervical cancer growth."	0
"Title: miR-21 and miR-145 cooperation in regulation of colon cancer stem cells. Abstract: Acquired drug resistance is one of the major reasons for failing cancer therapies. Although the reasons are not fully understood, they may be related to the presence of cancer stem cells (CSCs). We have reported that chemo-resistant (CR) colon cancer cells, highly enriched in CSCs, exhibit a marked up-regulation of miR-21 and that down-regulation of this miR renders the CR cells more susceptible to therapeutic regimens. However, the underlying molecular mechanism is poorly understood. The aim of this investigation is to unravel this mechanism. Methods: The levels of miR-145 and miR-21 were manipulated by transfection of mature, antago-miRs or pCMV/miR-145 expression plasmid. Quantitative RT-PCR or/and Western blots were performed to examine the expression of CD44, ?-catenin, Sox-2, PDCD4, CK-20 and k-Ras. Colonosphere formation and SCID mice xenograft studies were performed to evaluate the tumorigenic properties of CSC-enriched colon CR cells. Results: We investigated the role that microRNAs (miRs), specifically miR-21 and miR-145 play in regulating colon CSCs. We found the expression of miR-21 to be greatly increased and miR-145 decreased in CR colon cancer cells that are highly enriched in CSC, indicating a role for these miRNAs in regulating CSCs. In support of this, we found that whereas forced expression of miR-145 in colon cancer cells greatly inhibits CSCs and tumor growth, up-regulation of miR-21 causes an opposite phenomenon. In addition, administration of mature miR-145 or antagomir-21 (anti-sense miR-21) greatly suppresses the growth of colon cancer cell xenografts in SCID mice. This was associated with decreased expression of CD44, ?-catenin, Sox-2 and induction of CK-20 indicating that administration of miR-145 or antagomir-21 decreases CSC proliferation and induces differentiation. In vitro studies further demonstrate that miR-21 negatively regulates miR-145 and vice versa. k-Ras appears to play critical role in regulation of this process, as evidenced by the fact that the absence of k-Ras in CR colon cancer cells increases miR-145 expression, suppresses miR-21, and interrupts the negative cooperation between miR-21 and miR-145. Conclusions: Our current observations suggest that miR-21, miR-145, and their networks play critical roles in regulating CSCs growth and/or differentiation in the colon cancer and progression of chemo-resistance."	0
"Title: MiRNA-21 induces epithelial to mesenchymal transition and gemcitabine resistance via the PTEN/AKT pathway in breast cancer. Abstract: Acquisition of gemcitabine resistance in breast cancer has not been fully clarified. Prior studies suggest that miRNAs are important to chemoresistance in solid tumors and we confirmed that miR-21 is involved in the development of gemcitabine resistance. Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and AKT pathway activation were noted to be important to this resistance as well. PTEN, a direct target gene of miR-21, was significantly downregulated in gemcitabine-resistant breast cancer cells and restoration of PTEN expression blocked miR-21-induced EMT and gemcitabine resistance. Our data offer novel insight into gemcitabine resistance in breast cancer and suggest that miR-21 may be used to predict optimal breast cancer therapy and may be a potential therapeutic target for reversing gemcitabine resistance."	0
"Title: Ets-1 triggers and orchestrates the malignant phenotype of mammary cancer cells within their matrix environment. Abstract: Acquisition of invasive characteristics is a hallmark of breast carcinoma progression. During this phenomenon, Ets-1 transcription factor overexpression is induced and associated with breast cancer invasiveness, and poor prognosis. We hypothesized that Ets-1 transcription factor could be the orchestrator of a genetic program inducing the expression of genes necessary for cell motility, as postulated by the tumor microenvironment invasion model. We aimed at elucidating the role of Ets-1 in the molecular control of mammary cancer cell invasion and aggressiveness within their matrix environment. To that purpose, mouse mammary tumor MMT epithelial cells were engineered to stably overexpress Ets-1, or the dominant negative Ets-1 DNA Binding domain. The biological function of Ets-1 was assessed in three-dimensional extracellular matrix systems recreating a microenvironmental architecture resembling in vivo geometric constraints. Ets-1 overexpression provided MMT cells with a motile and invasive phenotype, leading to cell scattering, and impairing multicellular organization in matrix-mimicking gels. We evidenced that Ets-1 promoted HGF/SF activation, and the expression of its receptor, c-Met. Ets-1 also orchestrated switches in integrin expression pattern, towards a pro-migratory and malignant phenotype. Moreover, Ets-1 concomitantly triggered matrix metalloproteinases (MMP) expression and activation, thus contributing to cell scattering. Functional relevance of these observations was confirmed with blocking antibodies or MMP inhibitors. Our data highlight a critical role for Ets-1 in the orchestration of a network of molecular and phenotypic events, converging to enhance malignant features and invasion by mammary cancer cells of their environment. Ets-1 overexpression hence appears as a probable key step for breast cancer progression."	0
"Title: An unconventional role for miRNA: let-7 activates Toll-like receptor 7 and causes neurodegeneration. Abstract: Activation of innate immune receptors by host-derived factors exacerbates CNS damage, but the identity of these factors remains elusive. We uncovered an unconventional role for the microRNA let-7, a highly abundant regulator of gene expression in the CNS, in which extracellular let-7 activates the RNA-sensing Toll-like receptor (TLR) 7 and induces neurodegeneration through neuronal TLR7. Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) from individuals with Alzheimers disease contains increased amounts of let-7b, and extracellular introduction of let-7b into the CSF of wild-type mice by intrathecal injection resulted in neurodegeneration. Mice lacking TLR7 were resistant to this neurodegenerative effect, but this susceptibility to let-7 was restored in neurons transfected with TLR7 by intrauterine electroporation of Tlr7(?/?) fetuses. Our results suggest that microRNAs can function as signaling molecules and identify TLR7 as an essential element in a pathway that contributes to the spread of CNS damage."	0
"Title: NF-kappaB-dependent induction of microRNA miR-146, an inhibitor targeted to signaling proteins of innate immune responses. Abstract: Activation of mammalian innate and acquired immune responses must be tightly regulated by elaborate mechanisms to control their onset and termination. MicroRNAs have been implicated as negative regulators controlling diverse biological processes at the level of posttranscriptional repression. Expression profiling of 200 microRNAs in human monocytes revealed that several of them (miR-146a/b, miR-132, and miR-155) are endotoxin-responsive genes. Analysis of miR-146a and miR-146b gene expression unveiled a pattern of induction in response to a variety of microbial components and proinflammatory cytokines. By means of promoter analysis, miR-146a was found to be a NF-kappaB-dependent gene. Importantly, miR-146a/b were predicted to base-pair with sequences in the 3' UTRs of the TNF receptor-associated factor 6 and IL-1 receptor-associated kinase 1 genes, and we found that these UTRs inhibit expression of a linked reporter gene. These genes encode two key adapter molecules downstream of Toll-like and cytokine receptors. Thus, we propose a role for miR-146 in control of Toll-like receptor and cytokine signaling through a negative feedback regulation loop involving down-regulation of IL-1 receptor-associated kinase 1 and TNF receptor-associated factor 6 protein levels."	0
"Title: Overexpression of insulin receptor substrate-1 and hepatitis Bx genes causes premalignant alterations in the liver. Abstract: Activation of the insulin (IN)/insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1)/mitogen-associated protein kinase (MAPK) and the Wnt/beta-catenin signaling cascades occurs frequently in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) associated with persistent viral infection. The aims of this study were to provide a chronic proliferative stimulus through IRS-1 in the context of hepatitis Bx (HBx) protein expression in transgenic mice and determine if constitutive expression of these genes is sufficient to cause hepatocyte dysplasia and cellular transformation. We generated transgenic mice in which the HBx (ATX), IRS-1, or both (ATX+/IRS-1) genes were expressed under a liver-specific promoter. We also assessed histology and oxidative damage as well as up-regulation of molecules related to these signal transduction cascades in the liver by quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. Whereas mice with a single transgene (ATX or IRS-1) did not develop tumors, ATX+/IRS-1+ double transgenic livers had increased frequency of hepatocellular dysplasia and developed HCC. All three transgenic lines had significantly increased insulin growth factor 1 (IGF-1), Wnt 1 and Wnt 3 mRNA levels, and evidence of DNA damage and oxidative stress. The ATX+/IRS+ double transgenic mice were distinguished by having the highest level of activation of Wnt 3 and Frizzled 7 and selectively increased expression of IGF-II, proliferating cell nuclear antigen, and aspartyl-(asparaginyl)-beta-hydroxylase, a gene associated with increased cell migration. These results suggest that continued expression of the ATX or IRS-1 transgenes can contribute to hepatocyte transformation but are not sufficient to trigger neoplastic changes in the liver. However, dual expression that activates both the IN/IRS-1/MAPK and Wnt/beta-catenin cascades is sufficient to cause dysplasia and HCC in a previously normal liver."	0
"Title: An emerging player in the adaptive immune response: microRNA-146a is a modulator of IL-2 expression and activation-induced cell death in T lymphocytes. Abstract: Activation of the T cell-mediated immune response has been associated with changes in the expression of specific microRNAs (miRNAs). However, the role of miRNAs in the development of an effective immune response is just beginning to be explored. This study focuses on the functional role of miR-146a in T lymphocyte-mediated immune response and provides interesting clues on the transcriptional regulation of miR-146a during T-cell activation. We show that miR-146a is low in human naive T cells and is abundantly expressed in human memory T cells; consistently, miR-146a is induced in human primary T lymphocytes upon T-cell receptor (TCR) stimulation. Moreover, we identified NF-kB and c-ETS binding sites as required for the induction of miR-146a transcription upon TCR engagement. Our results demonstrate that several signaling pathways, other than inflammation, are influenced by miR-146a. In particular, we provide experimental evidence that miR-146a modulates activation-induced cell death (AICD), acting as an antiapoptotic factor, and that Fas-associated death domain (FADD) is a target of miR-146a. Furthermore, miR-146a enforced expression impairs both activator protein 1 (AP-1) activity and interleukin-2 (IL-2) production induced by TCR engagement, thus suggesting a role of this miRNA in the modulation of adaptive immunity."	0
"Title: ADAM12-L is a direct target of the miR-29 and miR-200 families in breast cancer. Abstract: ADAM12-L and ADAM12-S represent two major splice variants of human metalloproteinase-disintegrin 12 mRNA, which differ in their 3'-untranslated regions (3'UTRs). ADAM12-L, but not ADAM12-S, has prognostic and chemopredictive values in breast cancer. Expression levels of the two ADAM12 splice variants in clinical samples are highly discordant, suggesting post-transcriptional regulation of the ADAM12 gene. The miR-29, miR-30, and miR-200 families have potential target sites in the ADAM12-L 3'UTR and they may negatively regulate ADAM12-L expression. Methods: miR-29b/c, miR-30b/d, miR-200b/c, or control miRNA mimics were transfected into SUM159PT, BT549, SUM1315MO2, or Hs578T breast cancer cells. ADAM12-L and ADAM12-S mRNA levels were measured by qRT-PCR, and ADAM12-L protein was detected by Western blotting. Direct targeting of the ADAM12-L 3'UTR by miRNAs was tested using an ADAM12-L 3'UTR luciferase reporter. The rate of ADAM12-L translation was evaluated by metabolic labeling of cells with (35)S cysteine/methionine. The roles of endogenous miR-29b and miR-200c were tested by transfecting cells with miRNA hairpin inhibitors. Results: Transfection of miR-29b/c mimics strongly decreased ADAM12-L mRNA levels in SUM159PT and BT549 cells, whereas ADAM12-S levels were not changed. ADAM12-L, but not ADAM12-S, levels were also significantly diminished by miR-200b/c in SUM1315MO2 cells. In Hs578T cells, miR-200b/c mimics impeded translation of ADAM12-L mRNA. Importantly, both miR-29b/c and miR-200b/c strongly decreased steady state levels of ADAM12-L protein in all breast cancer cell lines tested. miR-29b/c and miR-200b/c also significantly decreased the activity of an ADAM12-L 3'UTR reporter, and this effect was abolished when miR-29b/c and miR-200b/c target sequences were mutated. In contrast, miR-30b/d did not elicit consistent and significant effects on ADAM12-L expression. Analysis of a publicly available gene expression dataset for 100 breast tumors revealed a statistically significant negative correlation between ADAM12-L and both miR-29b and miR-200c. Inhibition of endogenous miR-29b and miR-200c in SUM149PT and SUM102PT cells led to increased ADAM12-L expression. Conclusions: The ADAM12-L 3'UTR is a direct target of miR-29 and miR-200 family members. Since the miR-29 and miR-200 families play important roles in breast cancer progression, these results may help explain the different prognostic and chemopredictive values of ADAM12-L and ADAM12-S in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Defining the role of hypoxia-inducible factor 1 in cancer biology and therapeutics. Abstract: Adaptation of cancer cells to their microenvironment is an important driving force in the clonal selection that leads to invasive and metastatic disease. O2 concentrations are markedly reduced in many human cancers compared with normal tissue, and a major mechanism mediating adaptive responses to reduced O2 availability (hypoxia) is the regulation of transcription by hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1). This review summarizes the current state of knowledge regarding the molecular mechanisms by which HIF-1 contributes to cancer progression, focusing on (1) clinical data associating increased HIF-1 levels with patient mortality; (2) preclinical data linking HIF-1 activity with tumor growth; (3) molecular data linking specific HIF-1 target gene products to critical aspects of cancer biology and (4) pharmacological data showing anticancer effects of HIF-1 inhibitors in mouse models of human cancer."	0
"Title: Angiogenin-cleaved tRNA halves interact with cytochrome c, protecting cells from apoptosis during osmotic stress. Abstract: Adaptation to changes in extracellular tonicity is essential for cell survival. However, severe or chronic hyperosmotic stress induces apoptosis, which involves cytochrome c (Cyt c) release from mitochondria and subsequent apoptosome formation. Here, we show that angiogenin-induced accumulation of tRNA halves (or tiRNAs) is accompanied by increased survival in hyperosmotically stressed mouse embryonic fibroblasts. Treatment of cells with angiogenin inhibits stress-induced formation of the apoptosome and increases the interaction of small RNAs with released Cyt c in a ribonucleoprotein (Cyt c-RNP) complex. Next-generation sequencing of RNA isolated from the Cyt c-RNP complex reveals that 20 tiRNAs are highly enriched in the Cyt c-RNP complex. Preferred components of this complex are 5' and 3' tiRNAs of specific isodecoders within a family of isoacceptors. We also demonstrate that Cyt c binds tiRNAs in vitro, and the pool of Cyt c-interacting RNAs binds tighter than individual tiRNAs. Finally, we show that angiogenin treatment of primary cortical neurons exposed to hyperosmotic stress also decreases apoptosis. Our findings reveal a connection between angiogenin-generated tiRNAs and cell survival in response to hyperosmotic stress and suggest a novel cellular complex involving Cyt c and tiRNAs that inhibits apoptosome formation and activity."	0
"Title: Drug resistance mediated by AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC. Abstract: AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC has been shown to promote cancer progression and development. Overexpression of AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC correlates with angiogenesis, metastasis, and chemoresistance to various chemotherapy agents in cancer cells originating from a variety of tissues. In this chapter, we focus on the role of AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC in drug resistance. Mechanistic studies have shown that AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC is involved in classical oncogenic pathways including Ha-Ras, myc, NF?B, and PI3K/Akt. AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC also promotes protective autophagy by activating AMP kinase and autophagy-related gene 5. Another reported mechanism by which AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC regulates drug resistance is by increasing loading of multidrug resistance gene (MDR) 1 mRNA to the polysome, thereby facilitating MDR1 protein translation. More recently, a novel function for AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC as an RNA-binding protein was elucidated, which has the potential to impact expression of drug sensitivity or resistance genes. Finally, AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC acts in microRNA-directed gene silencing via an interaction with staphylococcal nuclease and tudor domain containing 1, a component of the RNA-induced silencing complex. Altered microRNA expression and activity induced by AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC represent an additional way that AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC may cause drug resistance in cancer. The multiple functions of AEG-1/MTDH/LYRIC in drug resistance highlight that it is a viable target as an anticancer agent for a wide variety of cancers."	0
"Title: miR145 targets the SOX9/ADAM17 axis to inhibit tumor-initiating cells and IL-6-mediated paracrine effects in head and neck cancer. Abstract: ALDH1(+)CD44(+) cells are putative tumor-initiating cells (TIC) in head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNC). miR-145 regulates tumorigenicity in various cancers but the breadth of its mechanistic contributions and potential therapeutic applications are not completely known. Here, we report that ALDH1(+)CD44(+)-HNC cells express reduced levels of miR145. SPONGE-mediated inhibition of miR-145 (Spg-miR145) was sufficient to drive tumor-initiating characteristics in non-TICs/ALDH1(-)CD44-negative HNC cells. Mechanistic analyses identified SOX9 and ADAM17 as two novel miR145 targets relevant to this process. miR-145 expression repressed TICs in HNC in a manner associated with SOX9 interaction with the ADAM17 promoter, thereby activating ADAM17 expression. Notably, the SOX9/ADAM17 axis dominated the TIC-inducing activity of miR-145. Either miR-145 suppression or ADAM17 overexpression in non-TICs/ALDH1(-)CD44(-)-HNC cells increased expression and secretion of interleukin (IL)-6 and soluble-IL-6 receptor (sIL-6R). Conversely, conditioned medium from Spg-miR145-transfected non-TICs/ALDH1(-)CD44(-)-HNC cells was sufficient to confer tumor-initiating properties in non-TICs/ALDH1(-)CD44(-)-HNC and this effect could be abrogated by an IL-6-neutralizing antibody. We found that curcumin administration increased miR-145 promoter activity, thereby decreasing SOX9/ADAM17 expression and eliminating TICs in HNC cell populations. Delivery of lentivral-miR145 or orally administered curcumin blocked tumor progression in HNC-TICs in murine xenotransplant assays. Finally, immunohistochemical analyses of patient specimens confirmed that an miR-145(low)/SOX9(high)/ADAM17(high) phenotype correlated with poor survival. Collectively, our results show how miR-145 targets the SOX9/ADAM17 axis to regulate TIC properties in HNC, and how altering this pathway may partly explain the anticancer effects of curcumin. By inhibiting IL-6 and sIL-6R as downstream effector cytokines in this pathway, miR-145 seems to suppress a paracrine signaling pathway in the tumor microenvironment that is vital to maintain TICs in HNC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 is up-regulated in allergic airway inflammation and regulates IL-12p35 expression. Abstract: Allergic airway inflammation is characterized by marked in situ changes in gene and protein expression, yet the role of microRNAs (miRNAs), a new family of key mRNA regulatory molecules, in this process has not yet been reported. Using a highly sensitive microarray-based approach, we identified 21 miRNAs with differential expression between doxycycline-induced lung-specific IL-13 transgenic mice (with allergic airway inflammation) and control mice. In particular, we observed overexpression of miR-21 and underexpression of miR-1 in the induced IL-13 transgenic mice compared with control mice. These findings were validated in two independent models of allergen-induced allergic airway inflammation and in IL-4 lung transgenic mice. Although IL-13-induced miR-21 expression was IL-13Ralpha1 dependent, allergen-induced miR-21 expression was mediated mainly independent of IL-13Ralpha1 and STAT6. Notably, predictive algorithms identified potential direct miR-21 targets among IL-13-regulated lung transcripts, such as IL-12p35 mRNA, which was decreased in IL-13 transgenic mice. Introduction of pre-miR-21 dose dependently inhibited cellular expression of a reporter vector harboring the 3'-untranslated region of IL-12p35. Moreover, mutating miR-21 binding sites in IL-12p35 3'-untranslated region abrogated miR-21-mediated repression. In summary, we have identified a miRNA signature in allergic airway inflammation, which includes miR-21 that modulates IL-12, a molecule germane to Th cell polarization."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 expression in nasopharyngeal carcinoma correlates with squamous differentiation. Abstract: Alterations of annexin A1 (ANXA1) expression have been reported in various cancers. However, no data are available about the expression of this protein in nasopharyngeal carcinomas (NPCs). The objective of this study was to investigate the expression of ANXA1 in these tumors. Methods: We examined noncancerous nasopharyngeal mucosa (4 cases) and NPC (20 cases) for ANXA1 expression using immunohistochemistry. Results: All tumor tissues showed markedly reduced ANXA1 expression compared with a strong positive signal observed in the corresponding normal epithelia. We found that ANXA1 expression is associated with the histological type in NPC. Only squamous cell carcinomas presented a positive ANXA1 signal in differentiated areas whereas all poorly differentiated tumors exhibited negative staining. Conclusion: Our data show for the first time that ANXA1 expression is down-regulated in NPC and that its expression seems to be related with the squamous differentiation status of these tumors."	0
"Title: Epigenetic alterations as cancer diagnostic, prognostic, and predictive biomarkers. Abstract: Alterations of DNA methylation and transcription of microRNAs (miRNAs) are very stable phenomena in tissues and body fluids and suitable for sensitive detection. These advantages enable us to translate some important discoveries on epigenetic oncology into biomarkers for control of cancer. A few promising epigenetic biomarkers are emerging. Clinical trials using methylated CpG islands of p16, Septin9, and MGMT as biomarkers are carried out for predication of cancer development, diagnosis, and chemosensitivity. Circulating miRNAs are promising biomarkers, too. Breakthroughs in the past decade imply that epigenetic biomarkers may be useful in reducing the burden of cancer."	0
"Title: Epigenetic silencing of microRNA-34b/c and B-cell translocation gene 4 is associated with CpG island methylation in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Altered expression of microRNA (miRNA) is strongly implicated in cancer, and recent studies have shown that, in cancer, expression of some miRNAs cells is silenced in association with CpG island hypermethylation. To identify epigenetically silenced miRNAs in colorectal cancer (CRC), we screened for miRNAs induced in CRC cells by 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (DAC) treatment or DNA methyltransferase knockout. We found that miRNA-34b (miR-34b) and miR-34c, two components of the p53 network, are epigenetically silenced in CRC; that this down-regulation of miR-34b/c is associated with hypermethylation of the neighboring CpG island; and that DAC treatment rapidly restores miR-34b/c expression. Methylation of the miR-34b/c CpG island was frequently observed in CRC cell lines (nine of nine, 100%) and in primary CRC tumors (101 of 111, 90%), but not in normal colonic mucosa. Transfection of precursor miR-34b or miR-34c into CRC cells induced dramatic changes in the gene expression profile, and there was significant overlap between the genes down-regulated by miR-34b/c and those down-regulated by DAC. We also found that the miR-34b/c CpG island is a bidirectional promoter which drives expression of both miR-34b/c and B-cell translocation gene 4 (BTG4); that methylation of the CpG island is also associated with transcriptional silencing of BTG4; and that ectopic expression of BTG4 suppresses colony formation by CRC cells. Our results suggest that miR-34b/c and BTG4 are novel tumor suppressors in CRC and that the miR-34b/c CpG island, which bidirectionally regulates miR-34b/c and BTG4, is a frequent target of epigenetic silencing in CRC."	0
"Title: Widespread estrogen-dependent repression of micrornas involved in breast tumor cell growth. Abstract: Altered expression of microRNAs (miRNA), an abundant class of small nonprotein-coding RNAs that mostly function as negative regulators of protein-coding gene expression, is common in cancer. Here, we analyze the regulation of miRNA expression in response to estrogen, a steroid hormone that is involved in the development and progression of breast carcinomas and that is acting via the estrogen receptors (ER) transcription factors. We set out to thoroughly describe miRNA expression, by using miRNA microarrays and real-time reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR) experiments, in various breast tumor cell lines in which estrogen signaling has been induced by 17beta-estradiol (E(2)). We show that the expression of a broad set of miRNAs decreases following E(2) treatment in an ER-dependent manner. We further show that enforced expression of several of the repressed miRNAs reduces E(2)-dependent cell growth, thus linking expression of specific miRNAs with estrogen-dependent cellular response. In addition, a transcriptome analysis revealed that the E(2)-repressed miR-26a and miR-181a regulate many genes associated with cell growth and proliferation, including the progesterone receptor gene, a key actor in estrogen signaling. Strikingly, miRNA expression is also regulated in breast cancers of women who had received antiestrogen neoadjuvant therapy. Overall, our data indicate that the extensive alterations in miRNA regulation upon estrogen signaling pathway play a key role in estrogen-dependent functions and highlight the utility of considering miRNA expression in the understanding of antiestrogen resistance of breast cancer."	0
"Title: Genetic and epigenetic down-regulation of microRNA-212 promotes colorectal tumor metastasis via dysregulation of MnSOD. Abstract: Altered functions of microRNAs (miRNAs) have been associated with colorectal cancer (CRC). miR-212 is transcribed from a stable intron of a non-protein coding gene, and is reportedly down-regulated in different tumor types. We investigated the role of miR-212 in colorectal carcinogenesis and progression. Methods: We analyzed the expression of miR-212 by real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis of colorectal cell lines and 180 paired tumor samples and surrounding healthy tissue. We overexpressed and knocked down miR-212 in CRC cell lines and assessed the in vitro effects. We also studied the effects of miR-212 overexpression on metastasis of tumors grown from HCT116 cells in nude mice. Results: Overexpression of miR-212 inhibited CRC cell migration and invasion in vitro and formation of intrahepatic and pulmonary metastasis in vivo. We identified manganese superoxide dismutase (MnSOD) messenger RNA as a direct target of miR-212, and observed an inverse correlation between the level of miR-212 and MnSOD protein in colorectal tumor samples. MnSOD was required for down-regulation of epithelial markers and up-regulation of mesenchymal markers in CRC cells, indicating that it promoted the epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Overexpression of miR-212 reduced the levels of MnSOD to block the epithelial-mesenchymal transition process. Loss of heterozygosity and promoter hypermethylation each contributed to the down-regulation of miR-212. Reduced levels of miR-212 were associated with a more aggressive tumor phenotype and short disease-free survival times of patients (P = .0045; overall survival, P = .0015). Conclusions: miR-212 is down-regulated in human CRC tissues via genetic and epigenetic mechanisms. miR-212 might prevent tumor progression by targeting MnSOD messenger RNA; reduction of miR-212 could be a prognostic marker for patients with CRC. miR-212 and MnSOD might also be therapeutic targets for cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-191 modulates malignant transformation of endometriosis through regulating TIMP3. Abstract: Although aberrant expression of several miRNAs was found during the pathological development of endometriosis to endometriosis-associated ovarian cancer (EAOC), their roles are not fully understood. miR-191 is a miRNA significantly upregulated in endometriosis and EAOC patients. However, its downstream network is still not clear. This study explored its role in malignant transformation of endometriosis to EAOC. Material and methods: Tissues from 12 healthy controls, 12 patients with endometriomas, and 12 patients with EAOC were used to verify miR-191 expression by using qRT-PCR. Endometriosis cell line CRL-7566 and ovarian endometrioid carcinoma cell line CRL-11731 were used to explore the downstream regulative function of miR-191. Results: By using tissue and serum samples from healthy, endometriosis, and EAOC participants, we confirmed that miR-191 expression was significantly higher in endometriosis and EAOC participants. Interestingly, we also observed that TIMP3 expression was negatively correlated with miR-191 expression. Overexpressing miR-191 in CRL-7566 significantly increased cell proliferation and invasion, while miR-191 knockdown in CRL-11731 cells significantly decreased cell proliferation and invasion. These modulating effects of miR-191 are achieved through its regulation of TIMP3. Conclusions: miR-191 can directly regulate TIMP3 expression, thereby affecting cell proliferation rate and invasion ability. The miR-191-TIMP3 axis might be critical in the malignant transformation of endometriosis to EAOC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-101, down-regulated in hepatocellular carcinoma, promotes apoptosis and suppresses tumorigenicity. Abstract: Although aberrant microRNA (miRNA) expressions have been observed in different types of cancer, their pathophysiologic role and their relevance to tumorigenesis are still largely unknown. In this study, we first evaluated the expression of 308 miRNAs in human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and normal hepatic tissues and identified 29 differentially expressed miRNAs in HCC tissues. miR-101, a significantly down-regulated miRNA, was further studied in greater detail because the signal pathway(s) regulated by miR-101 and the role of miR-101 in tumorigenesis have not yet been elucidated. Interestingly, decreased expression of miR-101 was found in all six hepatoma cell lines examined and in as high as 94.1% of HCC tissues, compared with their nontumor counterparts. Furthermore, ectopic expression of miR-101 dramatically suppressed the ability of hepatoma cells to form colonies in vitro and to develop tumors in nude mice. We also found that miR-101 could sensitize hepatoma cell lines to both serum starvation- and chemotherapeutic drug-induced apoptosis. Further investigation revealed that miR-101 significantly repressed the expression of luciferase carrying the 3'-untranslated region of Mcl-1 and reduced the endogenous protein level of Mcl-1, whereas the miR-101 inhibitor obviously up-regulated Mcl-1 expression and inhibited cell apoptosis. Moreover, silencing of Mcl-1 phenocopied the effect of miR-101 and forced expression of Mcl-1 could reverse the proapoptotic effect of miR-101. These results indicate that miR-101 may exert its proapoptotic function via targeting Mcl-1. Taken together, our data suggest an important role of miR-101 in the molecular etiology of cancer and implicate the potential application of miR-101 in cancer therapy."	0
"Title: The metastasis-associated microRNA miR-516a-3p is a novel therapeutic target for inhibiting peritoneal dissemination of human scirrhous gastric cancer. Abstract: Although aberrant microRNA (miRNA) is expressed in different types of human cancer tissues, its pathophysiologic role and the relevance of tumorigenesis and metastasis are still largely unknown. Here, we defined miRNAs involved in cancer metastasis (metastamirs) using an established mouse model for peritoneal dissemination of human scirrhous gastric carcinoma cells. Highly metastatic derivatives (44As3 cells) were derived from the parental cells originally isolated from patients (HSC-44PE cells). Using microarray analysis to identify differentially expressed miRNAs in 44As3 and HSC-44PE cells, we focused on miR-516a-3p as a candidate antimetastatic miRNA (antimetastamir) whose functions in cancer had not been studied. We confirmed attenuated expression of miR-516a-3p in 44As3 cells compared with HSC-44PE cells by Northern blot analysis and quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR. Stable ectopic overexpression in 44As3-miR-516a-3p cells permitted identification of sulfatase 1 as a direct target of the miRNA, through use of the isobaric tagging reagent iTRAQ and the QSTAR Elite Hybrid LC-MS/MS system. Sulfatase 1 is known to remove 6-O-sulfates from heparan sulfate proteoglycans on the cell surface, causing release of membrane-bound Wnt ligands from cells. Consistent with this function, Western blot analyses revealed high levels of Wnt3a, Wnt5a, and nuclear ?-catenin accumulation in 44As3 cells but relatively reduced levels in 44As3-miR-516a-3p cells. Notably, orthotopic inoculation of nude mice with 44As3-miR-516a-3p cells yielded significantly longer survival periods compared with mice inoculated with control 44As3 cells. Through atelocollagen-mediated delivery of an miR-516a-3p expression vector into orthotopic 44As3 tumors, we documented its feasibility as a treatment agent. Our findings define the miRNA miR-516-3p as an antimetastamir with potential therapeutic applications in blocking metastatic dissemination of gastric cancers."	0
"Title: Repression of the miR-143/145 cluster by oncogenic Ras initiates a tumor-promoting feed-forward pathway. Abstract: Although activating mutations in RAS oncogenes are known to result in aberrant signaling through multiple pathways, the role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in the Ras oncogenic program remains poorly characterized. Here we demonstrate that Ras activation leads to repression of the miR-143/145 cluster in cells of human, murine, and zebrafish origin. Loss of miR-143/145 expression is observed frequently in KRAS mutant pancreatic cancers, and restoration of these miRNAs abrogates tumorigenesis. miR-143/145 down-regulation requires the Ras-responsive element-binding protein (RREB1), which represses the miR-143/145 promoter. Additionally, KRAS and RREB1 are targets of miR-143/miR-145, revealing a feed-forward mechanism that potentiates Ras signaling."	0
"Title: Senescence and tumour clearance is triggered by p53 restoration in murine liver carcinomas. Abstract: Although cancer arises from a combination of mutations in oncogenes and tumour suppressor genes, the extent to which tumour suppressor gene loss is required for maintaining established tumours is poorly understood. p53 is an important tumour suppressor that acts to restrict proliferation in response to DNA damage or deregulation of mitogenic oncogenes, by leading to the induction of various cell cycle checkpoints, apoptosis or cellular senescence. Consequently, p53 mutations increase cell proliferation and survival, and in some settings promote genomic instability and resistance to certain chemotherapies. To determine the consequences of reactivating the p53 pathway in tumours, we used RNA interference (RNAi) to conditionally regulate endogenous p53 expression in a mosaic mouse model of liver carcinoma. We show that even brief reactivation of endogenous p53 in p53-deficient tumours can produce complete tumour regressions. The primary response to p53 was not apoptosis, but instead involved the induction of a cellular senescence program that was associated with differentiation and the upregulation of inflammatory cytokines. This program, although producing only cell cycle arrest in vitro, also triggered an innate immune response that targeted the tumour cells in vivo, thereby contributing to tumour clearance. Our study indicates that p53 loss can be required for the maintenance of aggressive carcinomas, and illustrates how the cellular senescence program can act together with the innate immune system to potently limit tumour growth."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 functions as a tumor suppressor by targeting matrix metalloproteinase 11 and Rab GTPase family 27a in triple-negative breast cancer. Abstract: Although increasing evidence has documented that microRNA-145 (miR-145) acts as a tumor suppressor in breast cancer, its exact role in triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) remains poorly defined. In this study, the expression of miR-145 in human TNBC cells and samples from 30 patients was analyzed by stem-loop real-time PCR. We found that miR-145 was significantly downregulated in TNBC tissues and cells. Upregulating miR-145 in HCC1937 cells dramatically suppressed cell proliferation and induced G1-phase arrest, whereas MDA-MB-231 cells did not show growth inhibition. MiR-145 exhibited an inhibitory role in cell invasion through the post-transcriptional regulation of the novel targets MMP11 and Rab27a in TNBC cells. Additionally, miR-145 silencing could be reversed by 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (DAC). These results demonstrated that miR-145 has an inhibitory role in TNBC malignancy by targeting MMP11 and Rab27a, which might be potential therapeutic and diagnostic targets for TNBC."	0
"Title: Gallbladder carcinoma. Abstract: Although it is the most common cancer of the biliary tree, gallbladder carcinoma remains an uncommon disease. As a result, many clinicians rarely encounter it and there is uncertainty regarding proper management. Resection is the most effective and only potentially curative treatment. Early stage tumors are often curable with a proper resection; however, many patients present late in the course of the disease when surgical intervention is no longer effective. While other treatment modalities are used in patients with advanced disease, there is limited data on efficacy. In many cases, the diagnosis is made after a cholecystectomy has been performed and an incidental tumor is identified in the specimen. In such cases, reoperation and definitive resection is appropriate and effective for patients with invasive lesions."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-132-mediated loss of p120RasGAP activates the endothelium to facilitate pathological angiogenesis. Abstract: Although it is well established that tumors initiate an angiogenic switch, the molecular basis of this process remains incompletely understood. Here we show that the miRNA miR-132 acts as an angiogenic switch by targeting p120RasGAP in the endothelium and thereby inducing neovascularization. We identified miR-132 as a highly upregulated miRNA in a human embryonic stem cell model of vasculogenesis and found that miR-132 was highly expressed in the endothelium of human tumors and hemangiomas but was undetectable in normal endothelium. Ectopic expression of miR-132 in endothelial cells in vitro increased their proliferation and tube-forming capacity, whereas intraocular injection of an antagomir targeting miR-132, anti-miR-132, reduced postnatal retinal vascular development in mice. Among the top-ranking predicted targets of miR-132 was p120RasGAP, which we found to be expressed in normal but not tumor endothelium. Endothelial expression of miR-132 suppressed p120RasGAP expression and increased Ras activity, whereas a miRNA-resistant version of p120RasGAP reversed the vascular response induced by miR-132. Notably, administration of anti-miR-132 inhibited angiogenesis in wild-type mice but not in mice with an inducible deletion of Rasa1 (encoding p120RasGAP). Finally, vessel-targeted nanoparticle delivery of anti-miR-132 restored p120RasGAP expression in the tumor endothelium, suppressed angiogenesis and decreased tumor burden in an orthotopic xenograft mouse model of human breast carcinoma. We conclude that miR-132 acts as an angiogenic switch by suppressing endothelial p120RasGAP expression, leading to Ras activation and the induction of neovascularization, whereas the application of anti-miR-132 inhibits neovascularization by maintaining vessels in the resting state."	0
"Title: CCN proteins: multifunctional signalling regulators. Abstract: Although little is known as yet about the processes that coordinate cell-signalling pathways, matrix proteins are probably major players in this type of global control. The CCN (cyr61, ctgf, nov) proteins are an important family of matricellular regulatory factors involved in internal and external cell signalling. This family participates in angiogenesis, chondrogenesis, and osteogenesis, and they are probably involved in the control of cell proliferation and differentiation. Starting point: Runping Gao and David Brigstock (Hepatol Res 2003; 27: 214-20) recently showed that CCN2 (CTGF, connective tissue growth factor) is a cell-adhesion factor for hepatic stellate cells. On exposure to transforming growth factor beta, hepatic stellate cells produce distinct CCN2 isoforms. Gao and Brigstock assign to CCN2 module 3 the capacity to mediate binding to low-density-lipoprotein receptor-related protein (LRP), which was previously reported to interact with CCN2 and to be involved in various types of signalling. They also establish that CCN2 binding to LRP is heparin dependent and that module 4 of CCN2 promotes LRP-independent adhesion of hepatic stellate cells. The differential binding of CCN2 isoforms to LRP highlights the importance of functional interactions between individual modules, and reinforces the concept that different module combinations might confer agonistic or antagonistic activities. WHERE NEXT? It is essential to understand how the distinct configuration of the various CCN isoform affects their biological activities and bioavailability, and to explore the mechanisms and the regulatory processes involved in the production of truncated CCN isoforms. A better understanding of the structural basis for their multifunctionality is a prerequisite to wider use of CCN proteins in molecular medicine."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 induces stemness by downregulating transforming growth factor beta receptor 2 (TGF?R2) in colon cancer cells. Abstract: Although microRNA-21 (miR-21) is emerging as an oncogene and has been shown to target several tumor suppressor genes, including programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4), its precise mechanism of action on cancer stem cells (CSCs) is unclear. Herein, we report that FOLFOX-resistant HCT-116 and HT-29 cells that are enriched in CSCs show a 3- to 7-fold upregulation of pre- and mature miR-21 and downregulation of PDCD4. Likewise, overexpression of miR-21 in HCT-116 cells, achieved through stable transfection, led to the downregulation of PDCD4 and transforming growth factor beta receptor 2 (TGF?R2). In contrast, the levels of ?-catenin, TCF/LEF activity and the expression of c-Myc, Cyclin-D, which are increased in CSCs, are also augmented in miR-21 overexpressing colon cancer cells, accompanied by an increased sphere forming ability in vitro and tumor formation in SCID mice. Downregulation of TGF?R2 could be attributed to decreased expression of the receptor as evidenced by reduction in the activity of the luciferase gene construct comprising TGF?R2-3' untranslated region (UTR) sequence that binds to miR-21. Moreover, we observed that downregulation of miR-21 enhances luciferase-TGF?R2-3' UTR activity suggesting TGF?R2 as being one of the direct targets of miR-21. Further support is provided by the observation that transfection of TGF?R2 in HCT-116 cells attenuates TCF/LEF luciferase activity, accompanied by decreased expression of ?-catenin, c-Myc and Cyclin-D1. Our current data suggest that miR-21 plays an important role in regulating stemness by modulating TGF?R2 signaling in colon cancer cells."	0
"Title: Plasma microRNA are disease response biomarkers in classical Hodgkin lymphoma. Abstract: Although microRNAs (miRNA) show potential as diagnostic biomarkers in cancer, their role as circulating cell-free disease response biomarkers remains unknown. Candidate circulating miRNA biomarkers for classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL) might arise from Hodgkin-Reed-Sternberg (HRS) cells and/or nonmalignant tumor-infiltrating cells. HRS cells are sparse within the diseased node, embedded within a benign microenvironment, the composition of which is distinct from that seen in healthy lymph nodes. Experimental design: Microarray profiling of more than 1,000 human miRNAs in 14 cHL primary tissues and eight healthy lymph nodes revealed a number of new disease node-associated miRNAs, including miR-494 and miR-1973. Using quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR), we tested the utility of these, as well as previously identified disease node-associated plasma miRNAs (including miR-21 and miR-155), as disease response biomarkers in a prospective cohort of 42 patients with cHL. Blood samples were taken in conjunction with radiologic imaging at fixed time points before, during, and after therapy. Absolute quantification was used so as to facilitate implementation in diagnostic laboratories. Results: Levels of miR-494, miR-1973, and miR-21 were higher in patients than control (n = 20) plasma (P = 0.004, P = 0.007, and P < 0.0001, respectively). MiR-494 and miR-21 associated with Hasenclever scores ?3. Strikingly, all three miRNAs returned to normal at remission (P = 0.0006, P = 0.0002, and P < 0.0001 respectively). However, only miR-494 and miR-1973 reflected interim therapy response with reduction being more pronounced in patients achieving complete versus partial responses (P = 0.043 and P = 0.0012, respectively). Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that in patients with cHL, circulating cell-free miRNAs can reflect disease response once therapy has commenced."	0
"Title: Overexpression of microRNA-196b Accelerates Invasiveness of Cancer Cells in Recurrent Epithelial Ovarian Cancer Through Regulation of Homeobox A9. Abstract: Although microRNAs (miRNAs) are known to influence messenger RNA post-transcriptional control and contribute to human tumorigenesis, little is known about the differences in miRNA expression between primary and recurrent epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). The purpose of this study was to assess the differential miRNA expression between primary and recurrent EOC and to investigate whether miR-196b could regulate the expression of the Homeobox A9 (HOXA9) gene, and thus affect the invasiveness of cancer cells in recurrent EOC. Materials and methods: Microarrays were used to generate the expression profiles of 6658 miRNAs from samples of 10 patients with EOC. miRNA expression patterns were compared between primary and recurrent EOC. Aberrantly expressed miRNA, associated genes, and invasion activities were validated by a luciferase assay and an in vitro invasion assay. Results: miRNA microarray analysis identified 33 overexpressed miRNAs (including miR-196b) and 18 under expressed miRNAs in recurrent EOC from 6658 human miRNAs. HOXA9 expression was inversely correlated with miR-196b levels in recurrent EOC. We noted that miR-196b induced ovarian cancer cell invasiveness in recurrent EOC by an in vitro invasion assay. Conclusion: Overexpression of miR-196b may contribute to invasion activities in recurrent EOC by regulating the HOXA9 gene. Moreover, miR-196b can be a potential biomarker in recurrent EOC."	0
"Title: Global identification of miR-373-regulated genes in breast cancer by quantitative proteomics. Abstract: Although microRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to play an important role in carcinogenesis, their molecular mechanism remains largely unknown because of our limited understanding of miRNA target genes. miR-373 was found to be capable of promoting breast cancer invasion and metastasis, but only a target gene was experimentally identified on the basis of mRNA expression analysis. In this study, we used SILAC-based quantitative proteomics to globally identify the genes regulated by miR-373. Totally, 3666 proteins were identified, and 335 proteins were found to be regulated by miR-373. Among the 192 proteins that were downregulated by miR-373, 27 (14.1%) were predicted to have at least one potential match site at their 3'-UTR for miR-373 seed sequence. However, miR-373 did not affect the mRNA level of the five selected candidate targets, TXNIP, TRPS1, RABEP1, GRHL2 and HIP1, suggesting that the protein expressions were regulated by miR-373 via translational inhibition instead of mRNA degradation. Luciferase and mutation assays validated that TXNIP and RABEP1 were the direct target genes of miR-373. More than 30 proteins reported to be involved in cancer invasion and metastasis were found to be regulated by miR-373 in breast cancer for the first time."	0
"Title: Downregulation of microRNA expression in the lungs of rats exposed to cigarette smoke. Abstract: Although microRNAs have been investigated extensively in cancer research, little is known regarding their response to noxious agents in apparently healthy tissues. We analyzed the expression of 484 miRNAs in the lungs of rats exposed to environmental cigarette smoke (ECS) for 28 days. ECS down-regulated 126 miRNAs (26.0%) at least 2-fold and 24 miRNAs more than 3-fold. We previously demonstrated that 107 of 4858 genes (2.9%) and 50 of 518 proteins (9.7%) were up-regulated by ECS in the same tissue, which is consistent with the role of microRNAs as negative regulators of gene expression. The most remarkably down-regulated microRNAs belonged to the families of let-7, miR-10, miR-26, miR-30, miR-34, miR-99, miR-122, miR-123, miR-124, miR-125, miR-140, miR-145, miR-146, miR-191, miR-192, miR-219, miR-222, and miR-223, which regulate stress response, apoptosis, proliferation, angiogenesis, and expression of genes. In contrast, miR-294, an inhibitor of transcriptional repressor genes, was up-regulated by ECS. There was a strong parallelism in dysregulation of rodent microRNAs and their human homologues, which are often transcribed from genes localized in fragile sites deleted in lung cancer. Five ECS-down-regulated microRNAs are known to be affected by single nucleotide polymorphisms. Thus, changes in microRNA expression are an early event following exposure to cigarette smoke."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiles in serous ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: Although microRNAs have recently been recognized as riboregulators of gene expression, little is known about microRNA expression profiles in serous ovarian carcinoma. We assessed the expression of microRNA and the association between microRNA expression and the prognosis of serous ovarian carcinoma. Experimental design: Twenty patients diagnosed with serous ovarian carcinoma and eight patients treated for benign uterine disease between December 2000 and September 2003 were enrolled in this study. The microRNA expression profiles were examined using DNA microarray and Northern blot analyses. Results: Several microRNAs were differentially expressed in serous ovarian carcinoma compared with normal ovarian tissues, including miR-21, miR-125a, miR-125b, miR-100, miR-145, miR-16, and miR-99a, which were each differentially expressed in >16 patients. In addition, the expression levels of some microRNAs were correlated with the survival in patients with serous ovarian carcinoma. Higher expression of miR-200, miR-141, miR-18a, miR-93, and miR-429, and lower expression of let-7b, and miR-199a were significantly correlated with a poor prognosis (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Our results indicate that dysregulation of microRNAs is involved in ovarian carcinogenesis and associated with the prognosis of serous ovarian carcinoma."	0
"Title: PIWI-interacting RNA 021285 is involved in breast tumorigenesis possibly by remodeling the cancer epigenome. Abstract: Although PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) account for the largest class of the small non-coding RNA superfamily, virtually nothing is known of their function in human carcinogenesis. Once thought to be expressed solely in the germ line where they safeguard the genome against transposon-induced insertional mutations, piRNAs are now believed to play an active role in somatic gene regulation through sequence-specific histone modification and DNA methylation. In the current study, we investigate the role of piRNA-021285 (piR-021285) in the regulation of the breast cancer methylome. Genotypic screening of a panel of single-nucleotide polymorphism (SNP)-containing piRNAs revealed a significant association between SNP rs1326306 G>T in piR-021285 and increased likelihood for breast cancer in a Connecticut-based population (441 cases and 479 controls). Given nascent but compelling evidence of piRNA-mediated gene-specific methylation in the soma, a genome-wide methylation screen was then carried out using wild type (WT) and variant piR-021285 mimic-transfected MCF7 cells to explore whether the observed association could be attributed in part to piR-021285-induced methylation at cancer-relevant genes. We found significant methylation differences at a number of experimentally implicated breast cancer-related genes, including attenuated 5' untranslated region (UTR)/first exon methylation at the proinvasive ARHGAP11A gene in variant mimic-transfected cells. Follow-up functional analyses revealed both concurrent increased ARHGAP11A mRNA expression and enhanced invasiveness in variant versus WT piR-021285 mimic-transfected breast cancer cell lines. Taken together, our findings demonstrate the first evidence supporting a role of piRNAs, a novel group of non-coding RNA, in human tumorigenesis via a piRNA-mediated epigenetic mechanism, which warrants further confirmation and investigation."	0
"Title: miR-506 acts as a tumor suppressor by directly targeting the hedgehog pathway transcription factor Gli3 in human cervical cancer. Abstract: Although significant advances have recently been made in the diagnosis and treatment of cervical carcinoma, the long-term survival rate for advanced cervical cancer remains low. Therefore, an urgent need exists to both uncover the molecular mechanisms and identify potential therapeutic targets for the treatment of cervical cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have important roles in cancer progression and could be used as either potential therapeutic agents or targets. miR-506 is a component of an X chromosome-linked miRNA cluster. The biological functions of miR-506 have not been well established. In this study, we found that miR-506 expression was downregulated in approximately 80% of the cervical cancer samples examined and inversely correlated with the expression of Ki-67, a marker of cell proliferation. Gain-of-function and loss-of-function studies in human cervical cancer, Caski and SiHa cells, demonstrated that miR-506 acts as a tumor suppressor by inhibiting cervical cancer growth in vitro and in vivo. Further studies showed that miR-506 induced cell cycle arrest at the G1/S transition, and enhanced apoptosis and chemosensitivity of cervical cancer cell. We subsequently identified Gli3, a hedgehog pathway transcription factor, as a direct target of miR-506 in cervical cancer. Furthermore, Gli3 silencing recapitulated the effects of miR-506, and reintroduction of Gli3 abrogated miR-506-induced cell growth arrest and apoptosis. Taken together, we conclude that miR-506 exerts its anti-proliferative function by directly targeting Gli3. This newly identified miR-506/Gli3 axis provides further insight into the pathogenesis of cervical cancer and indicates a potential novel therapeutic agent for the treatment of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: A MicroRNA targeting dicer for metastasis control. Abstract: Although specific microRNAs (miRNAs) can be upregulated in cancer, global miRNA downregulation is a common trait of human malignancies. The mechanisms of this phenomenon and the advantages it affords remain poorly understood. Here we identify a microRNA family, miR-103/107, that attenuates miRNA biosynthesis by targeting Dicer, a key component of the miRNA processing machinery. In human breast cancer, high levels of miR-103/107 are associated with metastasis and poor outcome. Functionally, miR-103/107 confer migratory capacities in vitro and empower metastatic dissemination of otherwise nonaggressive cells in vivo. Inhibition of miR-103/107 opposes migration and metastasis of malignant cells. At the cellular level, a key event fostered by miR-103/107 is induction of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), attained by downregulating miR-200 levels. These findings suggest a new pathway by which Dicer inhibition drifts epithelial cancer toward a less-differentiated, mesenchymal fate to foster metastasis."	0
"Title: Long Noncoding RNA FOXD2-AS1 Promotes the Malignancy of Cervical Cancer by Sponging MicroRNA-760 and Upregulating Hepatoma-Derived Growth Factor. Abstract: Although the functions of long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) called FOXD2 adjacent opposite strand RNA 1 (FOXD2-AS1) have been well studied in multiple human cancer types, its expression status and detailed roles in cervical cancer remain unknown and merit investigation. This study was aimed at assessingFOXD2-AS1expression in cervical cancer and at determining its effects on the aggressive behavior of cervical cancerin vitroandin vivo. Expression ofFOXD2-AS1in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines was determinedviareverse-transcription quantitative PCR. The effects ofFOXD2-AS1on cervical cancer cells were examined by a 3-(4,5-dimethyl-2-thiazolyl)-2,5-diphenyl-2-H-tetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, flow-cytometric analysis, migration and invasion assays, and anin vivotumorigenicity assay.FOXD2-AS1was found to be significantly upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. HighFOXD2-AS1expression was notably linked with the Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stage, lymph node metastasis, and depth of cervical invasion in patients with cervical cancer. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis revealed significantly shorter overall survival of patients when the tumor expression ofFOXD2-AS1was higher in comparison with those in patients with lowerFOXD2-AS1expression.In vitrofunctional assays revealed that downregulation ofFOXD2-AS1led to suppression of proliferation, migration, and invasiveness as well as to the induction of apoptosis of cervical cancer cells. In addition,FOXD2-AS1silencing hindered tumor growthin vivo. Mechanism investigation revealed thatFOXD2-AS1functioned as a molecular sponge of microRNA-760 (miR-760). Furthermore, hepatoma-derived growth factor (HDGF) was validated as a direct target gene of miR-760 in cervical cancer cells. Moreover, an miR-760 knockdown reversed the effects ofFOXD2-AS1silencing on cervical cancer cells.FOXD2-AS1possesses significant oncogenic activity in cervical cancer progression; this activity is mediated by sponging of miR-760 with consequent upregulation of HDGF. TheFOXD2-AS1-miR-760-HDGF axis might harbor promising targets for novel treatment strategies of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-34a, miR-424 and miR-513 inhibit MMSET expression to repress endometrial cancer cell invasion and sphere formation. Abstract: Although the oncogene MMSET (also known as NSD2 or WHSC1) has an essential role in malignancies, its impact on human endometrial cancer (EC) metastasis and the molecular mechanism of MMSET regulation are largely unknown. We report that MMSET was markedly upregulated in EC cell lines and EC tissues, and was significantly associated with poor survival in EC. MMSET overexpression greatly promoted EC cell invasion and sphere formation, whereas inhibition of MMSET reduced EC cell invasion and sphere formation. Importantly, Twist1 was required for MMSET-induced EC cell invasion and sphere formation. Moreover, we demonstrate that miR-34a, miR-424 and miR-513 directly modulate MMSET expression to attenuate the invasion and sphere formation capacity of EC cells. miR-34a, miR-424 and miR-513 were down-regulated in EC compared with normal tissue, and reduced expression of miR-34a, miR-424 and miR-513 was clinically associated with a poorer prognosis in EC patients. Furthermore, specific inhibition of MMET with BIX-01294 led to decreased EC cell invasion and impaired sphere formation. These findings suggest a pro-metastatic role for MMSET in EC and reveal that the repression of miR-34a, miR-424 and miR-513 contributes to the overexpression of MMSET during EC metastasis."	0
"Title: Common genetic polymorphisms of microRNA biogenesis pathway genes and breast cancer survival. Abstract: Although the role of microRNA's (miRNA's) biogenesis pathway genes in cancer development and progression has been well established, the association between genetic variants of this pathway genes and breast cancer survival is still unknown. Methods: We used genotype data available from a previously conducted case-control study to investigate association between common genetic variations in miRNA biogenesis pathway genes and breast cancer survival. We investigated the possible associations between 41 germ-line single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and both disease free survival (DFS) and overall survival (OS) among 488 breast cancer patients. During the median follow-up of 6.24 years, 90 cases developed disease progression and 48 cases died. Results: Seven SNPs were significantly associated with breast cancer survival. Two SNPs in AGO2 (rs11786030 and rs2292779) and DICER1 rs1057035 were associated with both DFS and OS. Two SNPs in HIWI (rs4759659 and rs11060845) and DGCR8 rs9606250 were associated with DFS, while DROSHA rs874332 and GEMIN4 rs4968104 were associated with only OS. The most significant association was observed in variant allele of AGO2 rs11786030 with 2.62-fold increased risk of disease progression (95% confidence interval (CI), 1.41-4.88) and in minor allele homozygote of AGO2 rs2292779 with 2.94-fold increased risk of death (95% CI, 1.52-5.69). We also found cumulative effects of SNPs on DFS and OS. Compared to the subjects carrying 0 to 2 high-risk genotypes, those carrying 3 or 4-6 high-risk genotypes had an increased risk of disease progression with a hazard ratio of 2.16 (95% CI, 1.18- 3.93) and 4.47 (95% CI, 2.45- 8.14), respectively (P for trend, 6.11E-07). Conclusions: Our results suggest that genetic variants in miRNA biogenesis pathway genes may be associated with breast cancer survival. Further studies in larger sample size and functional characterizations are warranted to validate these results."	0
"Title: Direct targeting of Sec23a by miR-200s influences cancer cell secretome and promotes metastatic colonization. Abstract: Although the role of miR-200s in regulating E-cadherin expression and epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition is well established, their influence on metastatic colonization remains controversial. Here we have used clinical and experimental models of breast cancer metastasis to discover a pro-metastatic role of miR-200s that goes beyond their regulation of E-cadherin and epithelial phenotype. Overexpression of miR-200s is associated with increased risk of metastasis in breast cancer and promotes metastatic colonization in mouse models, phenotypes that cannot be recapitulated by E-cadherin expression alone. Genomic and proteomic analyses revealed global shifts in gene expression upon miR-200 overexpression toward that of highly metastatic cells. miR-200s promote metastatic colonization partly through direct targeting of Sec23a, which mediates secretion of metastasis-suppressive proteins, including Igfbp4 and Tinagl1, as validated by functional and clinical correlation studies. Overall, these findings suggest a pleiotropic role of miR-200s in promoting metastatic colonization by influencing E-cadherin-dependent epithelial traits and Sec23a-mediated tumor cell secretome."	0
"Title: miRNA-mRNA Associated With Survival in Endometrial Cancer. Abstract: Although various factors may contribute to its initiation and progression, the etiology and prognostic factors of endometrial carcinoma (EC) remains not fully understood. We sought to understand the role of changes in transcriptome during the progress of EC by exploring public datasets. The aberrant expression characteristics of EC based on RNA-Seq and miRNA-seq data from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) were analyzed. Kaplan-Meier analysis was performed to assess the relationship between differently expressed genes (DEGs) and patient survival. As a result, 320 out of 4,613 differently expressed mRNAs (DE mRNAs) and 68 out of 531 differently expressed miRNAs (DE miRNAs) with a significantly poorer survival were determined. We predicted eight paired DE miRNAs and DE mRNAs through TargetScan. Patients with three out of the eight paired low rate of miRNA/mRNA (miR-497/EMX1, miR-23c/DMBX1, and miR-670/KCNS1) expression had a significantly poorer survival. Furthermore, the simultaneous presence of these selected low miRNA/mRNA pairs occurred in most patients and resulted in a significantly poorer survival rate. Luciferase reporter assay identified that EMX1 was a direct target of miR-497. Both low expression of miR-497 and overexpression of EMX1 were significantly associated with more advanced clinicopathologic characteristics (stage, tumor status, grade, and histology) besides survival (all P values < 0.05). Multivariate analysis also demonstrated that miR-497 remained an independent prognostic variable for overall survival. In summary, we identified that a series of DE mRNAs and miRNAs, including eight paired DE miRNAs and mRNAs, were associated with survival in EC. Clinical evaluation of downregulated miR-497 and paired upregulated EMX1 confirmed the value of our prediction analysis. The simultaneous presence of low rate of these selected low miRNA/mRNA pairs (miR-497/EMX1, miR-23c/DMBX1, and miR-670/KCNS1) might have a better prediction value. Therefore, further studies are required to validate these findings."	0
"Title: Evaluation of Cell-Free Urine microRNAs Expression for the Use in Diagnosis of Ovarian and Endometrial Cancers. A Pilot Study. Abstract: Among gynaecological cancers, epithelial ovarian cancers are the most deadly cancers while endometrial cancers are the most common diseases. Efforts to establish relevant novel diagnostic, screening and prognostic markers are aimed to help reduce the high level of mortality, chemoresistance and recurrence, particularly in ovarian cancer. MicroRNAs, the class of post-transcriptional regulators, have emerged as the promising diagnostic and prognostic markers associated with various diseased states recently. Urine has been shown as the source of microRNAs several years ago; however, there has been lack of information on urine microRNA expression in ovarian and endometrial cancers till now. In this pilot study, we examined the expression of candidate cell-free urine microRNAs in ovarian cancer and endometrial cancer patients using quantitative real-time PCR. We compared the expression between pre- and post-surgery ovarian cancer samples, and between patients with ovarian and endometrial cancers and healthy controls, within three types of experiments. These experiments evaluated three different isolation methods of urine RNA, representing two supernatant and one exosome fractions of extracellular microRNA. In ovarian cancer, we found miR-92a significantly up-regulated, and miR-106b significantly down-regulated in comparison with control samples. In endometrial cancer, only miR-106b was found down-regulated significantly compared to control samples. Using exosome RNA, no significant de-regulations in microRNAs expression could be found in either of the cancers investigated. We propose that more research should now focus on confirming the diagnostic potential of urine microRNAs in gynaecological cancers using more clinical samples and large-scale expression profiling methods."	0
"Title: Prognostic Implications of MicroRNA-21 Overexpression in Invasive Ductal Carcinomas of the Breast. Abstract: Among more than 500 microRNAs, microRNA-21 (miR-21) is known to act as an oncogene. The aim of this study was to investigate the significance of miR-21 expression level in relation with clinicopathological factors and prognosis in breast cancer. Methods: MicroRNA was extracted from cancer and normal breast tissue of 109 breast cancer patients who underwent surgery from 2002 to 2004 using the Taqman® MicroRNA Assay. The correlation between miR-21 expression and clinicopathologic features was analyzed and the significance of miR-21 as a prognostic factor and its relationship with survival was determined. Results: MiR-21 expression was higher in cancer tissues than in normal tissues (p<0.0001). High miR-21 expression was associated with mastectomy, larger tumor size, higher stage, higher grade, estrogen receptor (ER) negative, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) positive, HER2 positive breast cancer subtype, high Ki-67 expression, and death. On multivariate analysis, prognostic factors for overall survival were ER and miR-21. High miR-21 expression was significantly related to lower overall survival (p=0.031). Conclusion: This study supports the role of miR-21 as an oncogene and a biomarker for breast cancer with its high expression in cancer tissues and its relationship with other prognostic factors and survival."	0
"Title: Chitosan-based formulations for delivery of DNA and siRNA. Abstract: Among non-viral vectors, chitosan and chitosan derivatives have been developed in vitro and in vivo for DNA and siRNA delivery systems because of their cationic charge, biodegradability and biocompatibility, as well as their mucoadhesive and permeability-enhancing properties. However, the transfection efficiency of chitosan is too low for clinical application. Studies indicated that the transfection efficiency depends on a series of chitosan-based formulation parameters, such as the Mw of chitosan, its degree of deacetylation, the charge ratio of chitosan to DNA/siRNA (N/P ratio), the chitosan salt form used, the DNA/siRNA concentration, pH, serum, additives, preparation techniques of chitosan/nucleic acid particles and routes of administration. In this paper, chitosan-based formulations for the delivery of DNA and siRNA were reviewed to facilitate the process of chitosan vector development for clinical application. In addition to formulation optimization, chitosan structure modification or additive incorporation is an effective way to improve the stability of the polyplex in biological fluids, enhance targeted cell delivery and facilitate endo-lysosomal release of the complex. In summary, the transfection efficiency of chitosan-based delivery systems can be adjusted by changing formulation-related parameters."	0
"Title: ARK5 is a tumor invasion-associated factor downstream of Akt signaling. Abstract: AMP-activated protein kinases (AMPKs) are a class of serine/threonine protein kinases that are activated by an increase in intracellular AMP concentration. They are a sensitive indicator of cellular energy status and have been found to promote tumor cell survival during nutrient starvation. We recently identified a novel AMPK catalytic subunit family member, ARK5, whose activation is directly regulated by Akt, which, in turn, has been reported to be a key player in tumor malignancy. In this study, we attempted to determine whether ARK5 is involved in tumor malignancy under regulation by Akt. Matrigel invasion assays demonstrated that both overexpressed and endogenous ARK5 showed strong activity dependent on Akt. In addition, ARK5 expression induced activation of matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) and MMP-9 following new expression of membrane type 1 MMP (MT1-MMP), and the MT1-MMP expression induced by ARK5 was initiated by rapamycin-sensitive signaling. In nude mice, ARK5 expression was associated with a significant increase in tumor growth and significant suppression of necrosis in tumor tissue. Interestingly, only the ARK5-overexpressing PANC-1 cell line (P/ARK) tumor showed invasion and metastasis in nude mice, although Akt was activated in tumors derived from both P/ARK and its parental cell line. We report that a novel AMPK catalytic subunit family member, ARK5, plays a key role in tumor malignancy downstream of Akt."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-873 inhibits the proliferation and invasion of endometrial cancer cells by directly targeting hepatoma-derived growth factor. Abstract: An accumulation of evidence has demonstrated that abnormal microRNA (miRNA or miR) expression is associated with different types of cancer, including endometrial cancer (EC). The dysregulation of miRNAs may serve important roles in the development and progression of EC by regulating multiple aggressive biological behaviors, including cell proliferation, apoptosis, metastasis and angiogenesis. An in-depth understanding of the miRNAs associated with EC initiation and progression may be crucial for identifying successful therapeutic techniques. miR-873 has been demonstrated to be dysregulated in different types of cancer. However, the expression status and regulatory roles of miR-873 are yet to be elucidated in EC. In the present study, reverse transcription-quantitative PCR was carried out to detect miR-873 expression in EC tissues and cell lines. Cell Counting Kit-8 andin vitroinvasion assays were utilized to determine the influence of miR-873 on the proliferation and invasion of EC cells. miR-873 expression was revealed to be downregulated in EC tissues and cell lines. Decreased miR-873 expression was significantly associated with International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage and lymph node metastasis of patients with EC. Functional assays revealed that resumed miR-873 expression suppressed the proliferation and invasion of EC cells. Additionally, hepatoma-derived growth factor (HDGF) was indicated to be a direct target gene of miR-873 in EC cells. HDGF was highly expressed in EC tissues and inversely correlated with miR-873 expression. HDGF silencing also imitated the tumor-suppressor activity of miR-873 overexpression in EC cells. A series of rescue experiments identified that recovered HDGF expression hindered the anti-proliferative and anti-invasive roles of miR-873 upregulation in EC cells. In conclusion, the present study indicated that miR-873 serves an important role as a tumor suppressor in EC development by directly targeting HDGF. The results may provide a novel insight into clinical treatments, which can be used to prevent EC aggression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 limits in vivo immune response-mediated activation of the IL-12/IFN-gamma pathway, Th1 polarization, and the severity of delayed-type hypersensitivity. Abstract: An altered balance between Th1 and Th2 cytokines is responsible for a variety of immunoinflammatory disorders such as asthma, yet the role of posttranscriptional mechanisms, such as those mediated by microRNAs (miRs), in adjusting the relative magnitude and balance of Th cytokine expression have been largely unexplored. In this study, we show that miR-21 has a central role in setting a balance between Th1 and Th2 responses to Ags. Targeted ablation of miR-21 in mice led to reduced lung eosinophilia after allergen challenge, with a broadly reprogrammed immunoactivation transcriptome and significantly increased levels of the Th1 cytokine IFN-?. Biological network-based transcriptome analysis of OVA-challenged miR-21(-/-) mice identified an unexpected prominent dysregulation of IL-12/IFN-? pathways as the most significantly affected in the lungs, with a key role for miR-21 in IFN-? signaling and T cell polarization, consistent with a functional miR-21 binding site in IL-12p35. In support of these hypotheses, miR-21 deficiency led dendritic cells to produce more IL-12 after LPS stimulation and OVA-challenged CD4(+) T lymphocytes to produce increased IFN-? and decreased IL-4. Further, loss of miR-21 significantly enhanced the Th1-associated delayed-type hypersensitivity cutaneous responses. Thus, our results define miR-21 as a major regulator of Th1 versus Th2 responses, defining a new mechanism for regulating polarized immunoinflammatory responses."	0
"Title: microRNA-205 regulates HER3 in human breast cancer. Abstract: An increasing amount of experimental evidence shows that microRNAs can have a causal role in breast cancer tumorigenesis as a novel class of oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes, depending on the targets they regulate. HER2 overexpression is a hallmark of a particularly aggressive subset of breast tumors, and its activation is strictly dependent on the trans-interaction with other members of HER family; in particular, the activation of the PI3K/Akt survival pathway, so critically important in tumorigenesis, is predominantly driven through phosphorylation of the kinase-inactive member HER3. Here, we show that miR-205, down-modulated in breast tumors compared with normal breast tissue, directly targets HER3 receptor, and inhibits the activation of the downstream mediator Akt. The reintroduction of miR-205 in SKBr3 cells inhibits their clonogenic potential and increases the responsiveness to tyrosine-kinase inhibitors Gefitinib and Lapatinib, abrogating the HER3-mediated resistance and restoring a potent proapoptotic activity. Our data describe miR-205 as a new oncosuppressor gene in breast cancer, able to interfere with the proliferative pathway mediated by HER receptor family. Our study also provides experimental evidence suggesting that miR-205 can improve the responsiveness to specific anticancer therapies."	0
"Title: microRNA?25 promotes osteosarcoma cell proliferation by targeting the cell?cycle inhibitor p27. Abstract: An increasing body of evidence indicates that microRNAs (miRNAs), a class of small non?coding RNAs, are often aberrantly expressed in human osteosarcoma. This study aimed to investigate the effects of miR?25 and to identify its potential target genes in osteosarcoma (OS) cells. First, the expression of miR?25 was detected by reverse transcription?quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR), which revealed a significant upregulation of miR?25 in osteosarcoma tissues compared to the adjacent healthy tissues. To investigate the role of miR?25 in osteosarcoma cell proliferation, the miR?25 precursor was next transfected into Saos?2 and U2OS cells. Overexpression of miR?25 promoted cell proliferation in vitro and tumor growth in a xenograft mouse model. In addition, our results revealed that the protein expression of p27, a cell?cycle inhibitor, is negatively regulated by miR?25. Restoring the p27 level in miR?25?overexpressing cells reversed the enhancing effect of miR?25 on cell proliferation. Therefore, miR?25 may act as an onco?miRNA in osteosarcoma, which provides new perspectives in cancer treatment strategies based on molecular targeting."	0
"Title: Piwis and piwi-interacting RNAs in the epigenetics of cancer. Abstract: An increasing body of evidence suggests that cancer cells acquire ""stem-like"" epigenetic and signaling characteristics during the tumorigenic process, including global DNA hypo-methylation, gene-specific DNA hyper-methylation, and small RNA deregulation. RNAs have been known to be epigenetic regulators, both in stem cells and in differentiated cells. A novel class of small RNAs, called piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs), maintains genome integrity by epigenetically silencing transposons via DNA methylation, especially in germline stem cells. piRNAs interact exclusively with the Piwi family of proteins. The human Piwi ortholog, Hiwi, has been found to be aberrantly expressed in a variety of human cancers and in some, its expression correlates with poor clinical prognosis. However, there has been little investigation into the potential role that Piwi and piRNAs might play in contributing to the ""stem-like"" epigenetic state of a cancer. This review will highlight the current evidence supporting the importance of Piwi and piRNAs in the epigenetics of cancer and provide a potential model for the role of Piwi and piRNAs in tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Formulation of poly(D,L-lactic-co-glycolic acid) microparticles for rapid plasmid DNA delivery. Abstract: An optimised water-in-oil-in-water double emulsion process for the microencapsulation of plasmid DNA in poly(D,L-lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) was used to prepare microparticles from a range of different PLGA formulations. This process has been developed using pharmaceutically accepted solvents and is potentially scaleable. Incorporation of plasmid DNA in the microparticles of up to 11 microg/mg was obtained and the retention of plasmid DNA integrity was considerably greater than previously reported. Microparticle structure was determined, by scanning electron microscopy, to be hollow and size distribution characteristics were found to be independent of polymer formulation. The ability to vary the plasmid DNA release profile by changing the PLGA formulation and polymer concentration used in the encapsulation process was also demonstrated. This ability to control the release profile of the microparticles was shown to be especially important as the physical integrity of the encapsulated plasmid DNA was found to deteriorate with extended release times in vitro."	0
"Title: miR-21: an androgen receptor-regulated microRNA that promotes hormone-dependent and hormone-independent prostate cancer growth. Abstract: Androgen receptor (AR)-mediated oncogenic pathways have not been fully elucidated. In this study, we used high-throughput microarray analysis on two AR-positive prostate cancer (CaP) cell lines to identify 16 AR-responsive microRNAs (miRNA). We focused on miR-21 because of its previously reported oncogenic activity in other cancers. We show androgen-induced AR binding to the defined miR-21 promoter, miPPR-21, suggesting direct transcriptional regulation. Inhibition of miR-21 diminished androgen-induced CaP cell proliferation, providing new evidence that miRNAs can contribute to androgen-driven cell growth. Elevated expression of miR-21 enhanced CaP tumor growth in vivo and, surprisingly, was sufficient for androgen-dependent tumors to overcome castration-mediated growth arrest. Thus, elevated miR-21 expression alone is sufficient to impart castration resistance. Moreover, quantitative reverse transcription-PCR analysis revealed elevated miR-21 expression in CaP when compared with adjacent normal tissue. These results suggest that miR-21 may contribute to CaP pathogenesis."	0
"Title: The role of vascular endothelial growth factor SNPs as predictive and prognostic markers for major solid tumors. Abstract: Angiogenesis is crucial for development and metastasis of tumors, and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is a key mediator of this process. The importance of VEGF in tumorigenesis and tumor progression makes it an attractive target for the development of anticancer therapies. Inhibition of angiogenesis has shown promising clinical efficacy; however, not all patients treated with antiangiogenic agents derive benefit from them. Some patients are predisposed to refractory disease, whereas others develop resistance after initial response. Patients may also have different severity of drug-related adverse events. Optimization of drug administration based on disease status and individual responsiveness is important in limiting the treatment failure and minimization of side-effects. Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNP) in VEGF may alter VEGF protein concentrations, influence the process of angiogenesis, and may relate to interindividual variation in the risk and progression of selected tumors, and their resistance to treatments. This review examines the role of SNPs in the VEGF gene as predictive and prognostic markers for major solid tumors, including the breast, non-small cell lung, colorectal, and prostate cancers. Selected VEGF SNPs seem to be associated with risk of these cancers; however, there is lack of unanimity in findings, in part influenced by differences in study design and analysis."	0
"Title: Tumour-secreted miR-9 promotes endothelial cell migration and angiogenesis by activating the JAK-STAT pathway. Abstract: Angiogenesis plays a crucial role during tumorigenesis and much progress has been recently made in elucidating the role of VEGF and other growth factors in the regulation of angiogenesis. Recently, microRNAs (miRNAs) have been shown to modulate a variety of physiogical and pathological processes. We identified a set of differentially expressed miRNAs in microvascular endothelial cells co-cultured with tumour cells. Unexpectedly, most miRNAs were derived from tumour cells, packaged into microvesicles (MVs), and then directly delivered to endothelial cells. Among these miRNAs, we focused on miR-9 due to the strong morphological changes induced in cultured endothelial cells. We found that exogenous miR-9 effectively reduced SOCS5 levels, leading to activated JAK-STAT pathway. This signalling cascade promoted endothelial cell migration and tumour angiogenesis. Remarkably, administration of anti-miR-9 or JAK inhibitors suppressed MV-induced cell migration in vitro and decreased tumour burden in vivo. Collectively, these observations suggest that tumour-secreted miRNAs participate in intercellular communication and function as a novel pro-angiogenic mechanism."	0
"Title: Angiogenin-induced tRNA fragments inhibit translation initiation. Abstract: Angiogenin is a stress-activated ribonuclease that cleaves tRNA within anticodon loops to produce tRNA-derived stress-induced fragments (tiRNAs). Transfection of natural or synthetic tiRNAs inhibits protein synthesis and triggers the phospho-eIF2?-independent assembly of stress granules (SGs), essential components of the stress response program. We show that selected tiRNAs inhibit protein synthesis by displacing eIF4G/eIF4A from uncapped > capped RNAs. tiRNAs also displace eIF4F, but not eIF4E:4EBP1, from isolated m(7)G cap. We identify a terminal oligoguanine motif that is required to displace the eIF4F complex, inhibit translation, and induce SG assembly. We show that the tiRNA-associated translational silencer YB-1 contributes to angiogenin-, tiRNA-, and oxidative stress-induced translational repression. Our data reveal some of the mechanisms by which stress-induced tRNA cleavage inhibits protein synthesis and activates a cytoprotective stress response program."	0
"Title: Widespread changes in protein synthesis induced by microRNAs. Abstract: Animal microRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression by inhibiting translation and/or by inducing degradation of target messenger RNAs. It is unknown how much translational control is exerted by miRNAs on a genome-wide scale. We used a new proteomic approach to measure changes in synthesis of several thousand proteins in response to miRNA transfection or endogenous miRNA knockdown. In parallel, we quantified mRNA levels using microarrays. Here we show that a single miRNA can repress the production of hundreds of proteins, but that this repression is typically relatively mild. A number of known features of the miRNA-binding site such as the seed sequence also govern repression of human protein synthesis, and we report additional target sequence characteristics. We demonstrate that, in addition to downregulating mRNA levels, miRNAs also directly repress translation of hundreds of genes. Finally, our data suggest that a miRNA can, by direct or indirect effects, tune protein synthesis from thousands of genes."	0
"Title: Annexin I regulates SKCO-15 cell invasion by signaling through formyl peptide receptors. Abstract: Annexin 1 (AnxA1) is a multifunctional phospholipid-binding protein associated with the development of metastasis in some invasive epithelial malignancies. However, the role of AnxA1 in the migration/invasion of epithelial cells is not known. In this study, experiments were performed to investigate the role of AnxA1 in the invasion of a model epithelial cell line, SKCO-15, derived from colorectal adenocarcinoma. Small interfering RNA-mediated knockdown of AnxA1 expression resulted in a significant reduction in invasion through Matrigel-coated filters. Localization studies revealed a translocation of AnxA1 to the cell surface upon the induction of cell migration, and functional inhibition of cell surface AnxA1 using antiserum (LCO1) significantly reduced cell invasion. Conversely, SKCO-15 cell invasion was increased by approximately 2-fold in the presence of recombinant full-length AnxA1 and the AnxA1 N-terminal-derived peptide mimetic, Ac2-26. Because extracellular AnxA1 has been shown to regulate leukocyte migratory events through interactions with n-formyl peptide receptors (nFPRs), we examined the expression of FPR-1, FPRL-1, and FPRL-2 in SKCO-15 cells by reverse transcriptase-PCR and identified expression of all three receptors in this cell line. Treatment of SKCO-15 cells with AnxA1, Ac2-26, and the classical nFPR agonist, formylmethionylleucylphenylalanine, induced intracellular calcium release consistent with nFPR activation. Furthermore, the nFPR antagonist, Boc2, abrogated the AnxA1 and Ac2-26-induced intracellular calcium release and increase in SKCO-15 cell invasion. Together, these results support an autocrine/paracrine role for membrane AnxA1 in stimulating SKCO-15 cell migration through nFPR activation. The findings in this study suggest that activation of nFPRs stimulates epithelial cell motility important in the development of metastasis as well as wound healing."	0
"Title: Annexin-A1 regulates microRNA-26b* and microRNA-562 to directly target NF-?B and angiogenesis in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Annexin 1 (ANXA1) is an endogenous anti-inflammatory protein implicated in cancer. ANXA1 was previously shown to be regulated by hsa-miR-196a. However, whether ANXA1 itself regulates microRNA (miR) expression is unknown. Therefore, we investigated the regulation of miR by ANXA1 in MCF7 breast cancer cells. MCF7-EV (Empty vector) and MCF7-V5 (ANXA1-V5 expressing cells) were subjected to a miR microarray. Microarray analysis revealed a number of miRNAs which were dysregulated in MCF7-V5 cells. 2 novel miRNAs (miR562 and miR26b*) were validated, cloned and functionally characterized. As ANXA1 constitutively activates NF-?B activity to modulate breast cancer metastasis, we found that miR26b* and miR562 directly targeted the canonical NF-?B pathway by targeting the 3' UTR and inhibiting expression of Rel A (p65) and NF-?B1 (p105) respectively. MiR562 inhibited wound healing, which was reversed when ANXA1 was overexpressed. Overexpression of either miR562 or miR26b* in MCF-7 cells enhanced endothelial tube formation when cocultured with human umbilical cord endothelial cells while conversely, treatment of MCF7 cells with either anti-miR562 or anti-miR26b* inhibited endothelial tube formation after co-culture. Further analysis of miR562 revealed that miR562-transfected cell conditioned media enhances endothelial cell tube formation, indicating that miR562 increased angiogenic secreted factors from MCF-7 breast tumor cells. TNF? was increased upon overexpression of miR562, which was reversed when ANXA1 was co-transfected In conclusion, this data suggests that ANXA1-regulated miR26b* and miR562 may play a role in wound healing and tumor-induced endothelial cell tube formation by targeting NF-?B expression and point towards a potential therapeutic target for breast cancer."	0
"Title: Expression, subcellular localization and phosphorylation status of annexins 1 and 5 in human pituitary adenomas and a growth hormone-secreting carcinoma. Abstract: Annexin 1 (ANXA1), a 37-kDa protein, plays an important role as a mediator of glucocorticoid action in the anterior pituitary gland and has been implicated in the processes of tumorigenesis in a number of other tissues. As a prelude to examining the potential role of ANXA1 in the pathophysiology of pituitary tumours, this study examined the expression, phosphorylation status and distribution of ANXA1 and the closely related protein, annexin 5 (ANXA5), in a series of pituitary adenomas and in two carcinomas. Patients and design: Forty-two human pituitary adenomas were examined. Parallel studies were performed on normal pituitary tissue, obtained postmortem, a GH-secreting carcinoma and a grade 4 astrocytoma. Measurements: The tissue was processed for analysis of ANXA1 mRNA and protein expression by reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR), Western blot analysis and immunogold electron-microscopic histochemistry. Parallel measures of ANXA5 mRNA and protein were also made. Results: ANXA1 mRNA and protein were detected in all but three adenomas studied; the protein was localized mainly, but not exclusively, to nonendocrine cells. ANXA5 expression was more variable and was contained within both endocrine and nonendocrine cells of these tumours. In comparison with the adenomas, the GH-secreting carcinoma showed abundant expression of both ANXA1 and ANXA5, with intense ANXA1 staining in some but not all tumour/endocrine cells. A serine-phosphorylated species of ANXA1 was detected in all pituitary tumours studied; by contrast, tyrosine-phosphorylated ANXA1 was detected in only four adenomas and in the GH carcinoma. ANXA1 and ANXA5 were also expressed in abundance in the astrocytoma. Conclusions: The results demonstrate expression of both ANXA1 and ANXA5 in human pituitary tumours and thus raise the possibility that these proteins influence the growth and/or functional activity of the tumours."	0
"Title: Quantitative proteomics profiling of murine mammary gland cells unravels impact of annexin-1 on DNA damage response, cell adhesion, and migration. Abstract: Annexin 1 (ANXA1), the first characterized member of the annexin superfamily, is known to bind or annex to cellular membranes in a calcium-dependent manner. Besides mediating inflammation, ANXA1 has also been reported to be involved in important physiopathological implications including cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, cancer, and metastasis. However, with controversies in ANXA1 expression in breast carcinomas, its role in breast cancer initiation and progression remains unclear. To elucidate how ANXA1 plays a role in breast cancer initiation, we performed stable isotope labeling of amino acids in cell culture analysis on normal mammary gland epithelial cells from ANXA1-heterozygous (ANXA1(+/-)) and ANXA1-null (ANXA1(-/-)) mice. Among over 4000 quantified proteins, we observed 214 up-regulated and 169 down-regulated with ANXA1(-/-). Bioinformatics analysis of the down-regulated proteins revealed that ANXA1 is potentially implicated in DNA damage response, whereas the analysis of up-regulated proteins showed the possible roles of ANXA1 in cell adhesion and migration pathways. These observations were supported by relevant functional assays. The assays for DNA damage response demonstrated an accumulation of more DNA damage with slower recovery on heat stress and an impaired oxidative damage response in ANXA1(-/-) cells in comparison with ANXA1(+/-) cells. Overexpressing Yes-associated protein 1 or Yap1, the most down-regulated protein in DNA damage response pathway cluster, rescued the proliferative response in ANXA1(-/-) cells exposed to oxidative damage. Both migration and wound healing assays showed that ANXA1(+/-) cells possess higher motility with better wound closure capability than ANXA1(-/-) cells. Knocking down of ?-parvin, the protein with the highest fold change in the cell adhesion protein cluster, indicated an increased cell migration in ANXA1(-/-) cells. Altogether our quantitative proteomics study on ANXA1 suggests that ANXA1 plays a protective role in DNA damage and modulates cell adhesion and motility, indicating its potential role in cancer initiation as well as progression in breast carcinoma."	0
"Title: ANXA1 affects cell proliferation, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition of oral squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) acts either as a tumor suppressor or an oncogene in different tumor types. Several clinical studies revealed that the expression of ANXA1 is associated with the pathologic differentiation grade in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) patients. However, the direct function of ANXA1 in OSCC progression has remained to be fully clarified. The present study was designed to investigate the role of ANXA1 in OSCC cell proliferation and invasionin vitro. Furthermore, whether ANXA1 was involved in transforming growth factor ?1 (TGF?1)/epidermal growth factor (EGF)-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in OSCC was explored. Tca-8113 and SCC-9 cells were transfected with ANXA1-pcDNA3.1 plasmid to overexpress ANXA1. Subsequently, cell proliferation and invasion were examined using MTT and Transwell-Matrigel invasion assays. TGF?1 and EGF were used to induce EMT in Tca-8113 and SCC-9 cells, and the expression of epithelial (E)-cadherin, neural (N)-cadherin and vimentin was determined by western blot analysis. The results demonstrated that ANXA1 overexpression induced a significant decrease of cell growth and invasiveness in Tca-8113 and SCC-9 cells. The expression of E-cadherin was significantly increased, while the expression of vimentin and N-cadherin was significantly decreased in ANXA1-overexpressing Tca-8113 and SCC-9 cells. ANXA1 expression was significantly decreased in TGF?1/EGF-treated cells. Furthermore TGF?1/EGF-induced EMT in OSCC cell lines was attenuated by ANXA1 overexpression. In conclusion, to the best of our knowledge, the present study was the first to evidence that ANXA1 inhibits OSCC cell proliferation and invasionin vitro. TGF?1/EGF-induced EMT was reversed by ANXA1 in OSCC. ANXA1 was suggested to be a potential marker for OSCC as well as a novel treatment."	0
"Title: Increased expression of annexin A1 predicts poor prognosis in human hepatocellular carcinoma and enhances cell malignant phenotype. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) belongs to the annexin superfamily of proteins, which contribute to the pathological consequence and sequelae of most serious human diseases. Recent studies have reported diverse roles of ANXA1 in various human cancers; however, its involvement in human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) still remains controversial. To investigate the expression pattern of ANXA1 in HCC tissues and evaluate its associations with tumor progression and patients' prognosis, immunohistochemistry was performed using 160 pairs of formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded cancerous and adjacent non-cancerous tissues from patients with HCC. Then, the associations between ANXA1 expression, clinicopathological characteristics, and prognosis of HCC patients were statistically evaluated. In vitro migration and invasion assays of siRNA-targeted ANXA1-transfected cells were further performed. As a result, the expression levels of ANXA1 protein in HCC tissues were significantly higher than those in adjacent non-cancerous tissues (P < 0.001). High ANXA1 expression was closely correlated with advanced TNM stage (P = 0.001) and high Edmondson grade (P = 0.02). Then, univariate and multivariate analyses showed that the status of ANXA1 expression was an independent predictor for overall survival of HCC patients. Furthermore, knockdown of ANXA1 by transfection of siRNA-ANXA1 could suppress the migration and invasion abilities of HCC cells in vitro. Collectively, these findings offer the convincing evidence that ANXA1 may play an important role in HCC progression and can be used as a molecular marker to predict prognosis and a potential target for therapeutic intervention of HCC."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 is associated with gastric cancer survival and promotes gastric cancer cell invasiveness through the formyl peptide receptor/extracellular signal-regulated kinase/integrin beta-1-binding protein 1 pathway. Abstract: Annexin A1 (AnxA1) has been well-known as a glucocorticoid-regulated anti-inflammatory protein, and it is implicated in tumorigenesis in a tumor type-specific pattern. However, the role of AnxA1 in gastric cancer (GC) is indeterminate, and the underlying mechanism is not clear. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the prognostic significance and associated mechanism of AnxA1 in GC. Methods: Immunohistochemical staining was employed to analyze 118 GC patients. Both AnxA1 gain-of-function and loss-of-function approaches were performed in GC cells. Western blotting and reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction were used for assessment of the AnxA1 regulation mechanism in GC cells. An intraperitoneal inoculation model in severe combined immunodeficient mice was used for an in vivo assay. Results: High AnxA1 expression was significantly associated with peritoneal metastasis (P = .009) and serosal invasion (P = .044). Cox multivariate analysis showed that high AnxA1 expression was an independent risk factor for poor overall survival in GC patients (P = .037). AnxA1 expression positively correlated with invasiveness of human GC cells both in vitro and in vivo. AnxA1 could regulate the GC cell invasion through the formyl peptide receptor (FPR)/extracellular signal-regulated kinase/integrin beta-1-binding protein pathway, and all 3 FPRs (FPR1 through FPR3) were involved in the regulation process. Conclusions: High AnxA1 expression was associated with more serosal invasion, more peritoneal metastasis, and poorer overall survival in GC patients. The current study demonstrated a novel mechanism involving FPRs, extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2, and integrin beta-1-binding protein 1 by which AnxA1 regulated GC cell invasion."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 contributes to pancreatic cancer cell phenotype, behaviour and metastatic potential independently of Formyl Peptide Receptor pathway. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a Ca(2+)-binding protein over-expressed in pancreatic cancer (PC). We recently reported that extracellular ANXA1 mediates PC cell motility acting on Formyl Peptide Receptors (FPRs). Here, we describe other mechanisms by which intracellular ANXA1 could mediate PC progression. We obtained ANXA1 Knock-Out (KO) MIA PaCa-2 cells using the CRISPR/Cas9 genome editing technology. LC-MS/MS analysis showed altered expression of several proteins involved in cytoskeletal organization. As a result, ANXA1 KO MIA PaCa-2 partially lost their migratory and invasive capabilities with a mechanism that appeared independent of FPRs. The acquisition of a less aggressive phenotype has been further investigated in vivo. Wild type (WT), PGS (scrambled) and ANXA1 KO MIA PaCa-2 cells were engrafted orthotopically in SCID mice. No differences were found about PC primary mass, conversely liver metastatization appeared particularly reduced in ANXA1 KO MIA PaCa-2 engrafted mice. In summary, we show that intracellular ANXA1 is able to preserve the cytoskeleton integrity and to maintain a malignant phenotype in vitro. The protein has a relevant role in the metastatization process in vivo, as such it appears attractive and suitable as prognostic and therapeutic marker in PC progression."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 localization and its relevance to cancer. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a Ca(2+)-regulated phospholipid-binding protein involved in various cell processes. ANXA1 was initially widely studied in inflammation resolution, but its overexpression was later reported in a large number of cancers. Further in-depth investigations have revealed that this protein could have many roles in cancer progression and act at different levels (from cancer initiation to metastasis). This is partly due to the location of ANXA1 in different cell compartments. ANXA1 can be nuclear, cytoplasmic and/or membrane associated. This last location allows ANXA1 to be proteolytically cleaved and/or to become accessible to its cognate partners, the formyl-peptide receptors. Indeed, in some cancers, ANXA1 is found at the cell surface, where it stimulates formyl-peptide receptors to trigger oncogenic pathways. In the present review, we look at the different locations of ANXA1 and their association with the deregulated pathways often observed in cancers. We have specifically detailed the non-classic pathways of ANXA1 externalization, the significance of its cleavage and the role of the ANXA1-formyl-peptide receptor complex in cancer progression."	0
"Title: Decreased expression of annexin A1 is correlated with breast cancer development and progression as determined by a tissue microarray analysis. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a calcium- and phospholipid-binding protein and a known mediator of glucocorticoid-regulated inflammatory responses. Using a combined multiple high-throughput approach, we recently identified a reduced expression of ANXA1 in human breast cancer. The finding was confirmed at the gene level by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction and at the protein level by immunohistochemical staining of normal, benign, and malignant breast tissues. In this study, we constructed and used a high-density human breast cancer tissue microarray to characterize the expressional pattern of ANXA1 according to histopathologies. The tissue microarray contains 1,158 informative breast tissue cores of different histologies including normal tissues, hyperplasia, in situ and invasive tumors, and lymph node metastases. Our results showed that there was a significant decrease in glandular expression of ANXA1 in ductal carcinoma in situ and invasive ductal carcinoma compared with either normal breast tissue or hyperplasia (P < .0001). Moreover, in benign breast tissue, myoepithelial cells showed strong expression of ANXA1. There was a decrease of ANXA1 expression in myoepithelial cells in ductal carcinoma in situ lesions compared with the same cell population in either normal or hyperplastic lesions. These results suggest that suppressed ANXA1 expression in breast tissue is correlated with breast cancer development and progression."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 expression and its prognostic significance in human breast cancer. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a calcium- and phospholipid-binding protein and is considered to play an important role in tumorigenesis. However, the correlation between ANXA1 expression and tumor clinicopathological features in patients with breast cancer remains unclear. This study investigated the prognostic value of ANXA1 protein as breast cancer marker. Tissue microarray blocks, containing 20 cases of non-tumor breast tissue, 20 cases of benign breast lesion and 135 cases of breast cancer (107 with lymph node metastasis), were constructed. Expression of ANXA1 in these specimens was analyzed using immunohistochemistry. In non-tumor tissue and benign breast lesions, myoepithelial cells showed strong expression of ANXA1. Negative ANXA1 expression was significantly associated with advanced disease stage (P<0.05), especially pathological-N stage (P<0.01). The patients with loss of ANXA1 expression in tumor tissues showed a significantly worse overall survival compared with positive ones (P<0.05). ANXA1 did not correlate well with estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and HER2/neu status. Moreover, the level of ANXA1 expression in lymph node metastases was higher than corresponding primary breast cancer. These results suggest that ANXA1 may play a multifaceted role in breast cancer development, progression, and metastases."	0
"Title: Role of Annexin A1 in mouse myoblast cell differentiation. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a calcium- and phospholipid-binding protein involved in a broad range of cellular events. This study used molecular and microscopy approaches to explore the role of ANXA1 in mouse myoblast C2C12 cell differentiation. We report that ANXA1 expression increases during differentiation and that the down-regulation of ANXA1 significantly inhibits the differentiation process. ANXA1 is expressed in vivo in both quiescent and activated satellite cells and is highly localized in the cells that migrate in the lumen of regenerating fibers after an acute injury. Endogenous ANXA1 co-localizes with actin fibers at the protruding ends of undifferentiated but not differentiated cells suggesting a role of the protein in cell migration. Furthermore, ANXA1 neutralizing antibody reduces MyHC expression, decreases myotube formation and significantly inhibits cell migration. The data reported here suggest for the first time that ANXA1 plays a role in myogenic differentiation."	0
"Title: Up-regulated Annexin A1 expression in gastrointestinal cancer is associated with cancer invasion and lymph node metastasis. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a calcium-dependent phospholipid-linked protein, involved in anti-inflammatory effects, regulation of cellular differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis. In the present study, we investigated the expression of ANXA1 in gastric and colon cancer, and analyzed the relationship between ANXA1 expression and clinicopathological factors. ANXA1 mRNA expression in gastric and colon cancer tissues was not significantly changed compared to that in normal tissues. When ANXA1 protein expression was evaluated by immunohistochemical staining, ANXA1 expression was observed in 76 of 135 cases of gastric cancer (56.3%), and correlations were found between ANXA1 expression and depth of wall invasion (P<0.001), lymphatic invasion (P=0.023), venous invasion (P=0.002), lymph node metastasis (P=0.001) and UICC stage (P<0.001). Disease-specific survival rate was significantly lower in cases with ANXA1 expression compared to that in cases without (P=0.0053). In colon cancer, ANXA1 expression was detected in 61 of 210 cases (29.0%) and correlations were found with gender (P=0.038), lymphatic invasion (P=0.011), venous invasion (P=0.023), lymph node metastasis (P=0.042) and UICC stage (P=0.041). The disease-specific survival rate tended to be lower in cases with ANXA1 expression, although the differences were not statistically significant (P=0.6984). Our results indicate that up-regulated ANXA1 expression is involved in cancer invasion and lymph node metastasis. Furthermore, high levels of ANXA1 expression were implicated in poor prognosis of patients. ANXA1 may be applicable as a prognostic biomarker in gastric and colon cancer, and a potential target for treatment."	0
"Title: Upregulated Annexin A1 promotes cellular invasion in triple-negative breast cancer. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a calcium-dependent phospholipid-linked protein, involved in anti-inflammatory effects, regulation of cellular differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis. While many studies have investigated the ANXA1 expression in various tumor types, the role of ANXA1 is not fully understood. Therefore, in the present study, we evaluated the ANXA1 expression in 211 breast cancer patients and compared the levels with clinicopathological factors. ANXA1 was positively expressed in 31 (14.7%) of the 211 cases in our cohort, and these positive cases were associated with triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) (P=0.007) and venous invasion (P=0.028). The in vitro cell experiment found that the MDA-MB-231 cell line, which is a TNBC cell line, highly expressed ANXA1. Using this cell line, the functional role of ANXA1 in breast cancer was revealed and the knockdown of ANXA1 by specific siRNA demonstrated a significant reduction in cellular invasion. Further experiments indicated that ANXA1 was induced by hypoxia with hypoxia-inducible factor-1? induction. These results suggested that ANXA1, which enhanced breast cancer invasion and metastasis under hypoxia, were significantly associated with the worst patient outcome. This is particularly noted in TNBC, the group of breast cancer with the worst outcome for which new therapeutic implications are required."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 regulates TGF-beta signaling and promotes metastasis formation of basal-like breast cancer cells. Abstract: Annexin A1 (AnxA1) is a candidate regulator of the epithelial- to mesenchymal (EMT)-like phenotypic switch, a pivotal event in breast cancer progression. We show here that AnxA1 expression is associated with a highly invasive basal-like breast cancer subtype both in a panel of human breast cancer cell lines as in breast cancer patients and that AnxA1 is functionally related to breast cancer progression. AnxA1 knockdown in invasive basal-like breast cancer cells reduced the number of spontaneous lung metastasis, whereas additional expression of AnxA1 enhanced metastatic spread. AnxA1 promotes metastasis formation by enhancing TGFbeta/Smad signaling and actin reorganization, which facilitates an EMT-like switch, thereby allowing efficient cell migration and invasion of metastatic breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: Loss of annexin A1 expression in breast cancer progression. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a potential marker of development of breast cancer. However, previous studies of ANXA1 expression in primary breast carcinoma and lymph node metastasis have yielded conflicting results. Therefore, to accurately characterize the ANXA1 expression pattern, we used microarray analysis and matched patient samples to evaluate progressive alterations in ANXA1 protein expression during malignant transformation and metastasis. Design: We constructed a tissue microarray using 82 pairs of primary breast cancers and lymph node metastases from archival materials. We also identified 21 cases of breast carcinoma for which a single slide contained the entire progression from benign breast tissue, carcinoma in situ, to invasive carcinoma. Immunohistochemical staining for ANXA1 and various prognostic markers was performed. Result: Microarray analysis revealed that ANXA1 expression was lost in 79% of breast carcinomas, and there was no difference in ANXA1 expression between primary breast carcinoma and lymph node metastasis. Most ANXA1-negative tumors were positive for estrogen and progesterone receptors but negative for HER2/neu and epidermal growth factor receptor. In contrast, most ANXA1-positive tumors were negative for estrogen, progesterone, and HER2/neu. In the whole tissue sections, ANXA1 is heterogeneously expressed in benign epithelium and is lost in both in situ carcinoma and invasive carcinoma. Conclusions: The lack of ANXA1 expression in the majority of breast carcinomas and the early loss of ANXA1 expression in in situ carcinoma, which is maintained in both invasive and metastatic tumors, suggests a possible role for ANXA1 in the early events of malignant transformation."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 expression in a pooled breast cancer series: association with tumor subtypes and prognosis. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a protein related with the carcinogenesis process and metastasis formation in many tumors. However, little is known about the prognostic value of ANXA1 in breast cancer. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the association between ANXA1 expression, BRCA1/2 germline carriership, specific tumor subtypes and survival in breast cancer patients. Methods: Clinical-pathological information and follow-up data were collected from nine breast cancer studies from the Breast Cancer Association Consortium (BCAC) (n = 5,752) and from one study of familial breast cancer patients with BRCA1/2 mutations (n = 107). ANXA1 expression was scored based on the percentage of immunohistochemical staining in tumor cells. Survival analyses were performed using a multivariable Cox model. Results: The frequency of ANXA1 positive tumors was higher in familial breast cancer patients with BRCA1/2 mutations than in BCAC patients, with 48.6 % versus 12.4 %, respectively; P <0.0001. ANXA1 was also highly expressed in BCAC tumors that were poorly differentiated, triple negative, EGFR-CK5/6 positive or had developed in patients at a young age. In the first 5 years of follow-up, patients with ANXA1 positive tumors had a worse breast cancer-specific survival (BCSS) than ANXA1 negative (HRadj = 1.35; 95 % CI = 1.05-1.73), but the association weakened after 10 years (HRadj = 1.13; 95 % CI = 0.91-1.40). ANXA1 was a significant independent predictor of survival in HER2+ patients (10-years BCSS: HRadj = 1.70; 95 % CI = 1.17-2.45). Conclusions: ANXA1 is overexpressed in familial breast cancer patients with BRCA1/2 mutations and correlated with poor prognosis features: triple negative and poorly differentiated tumors. ANXA1 might be a biomarker candidate for breast cancer survival prediction in high risk groups such as HER2+ cases."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 subcellular expression in laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a soluble cytoplasmic protein, moving to membranes when calcium levels are elevated. ANXA1 has also been shown to move to the nucleus or outside the cells, depending on tyrosine-kinase signalling, thus interfering in cytoskeletal organization and cell differentiation, mostly in inflammatory and neoplastic processes. The aim was to investigate subcellular patterns of immunohistochemical expression of ANXA1 in neoplastic and non-neoplastic samples from patients with laryngeal squamous cell carcinomas (LSCC), to elucidate the role of ANXA1 in laryngeal carcinogenesis. Methods and results: Serial analysis of gene expression experiments detected reduced expression of ANXA1 gene in LSCC compared with the corresponding non-neoplastic margins. Quantitative polymerase chain reaction confirmed ANXA1 low expression in 15 LSCC and eight matched normal samples. Thus, we investigated subcellular patterns of immunohistochemical expression of ANXA1 in 241 paraffin-embedded samples from 95 patients with LSCC. The results showed ANXA1 down-regulation in dysplastic, tumourous and metastatic lesions and provided evidence for the progressive migration of ANXA1 from the nucleus towards the membrane during laryngeal tumorigenesis. Conclusions: ANXA1 dysregulation was observed early in laryngeal carcinogenesis, in intra-epithelial neoplasms; it was not found related to prognostic parameters, such as nodal metastases."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 Preferentially Predicts Poor Prognosis of Basal-Like Breast Cancer Patients by Activating mTOR-S6 Signaling. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is an anti-inflammatory protein reported to play a role in cell proliferation and apoptosis, and to be deregulated in breast cancer. The exact role of annexin A1 in the biology of breast cancer remains unclear. We hypothesized that the annexin A1 plays an oncogenic role in basal subtype of breast cancer by modulating key growth pathway(s). Methods: By mining the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA)-Breast Cancer dataset and manipulating annexin A1 levels in breast cancer cell lines, we studied the role of annexin A1 in breast cancer and underlying signaling pathways. Results: Our in-silico analysis of TCGA-breast cancer dataset demonstrated that annexin A1 mRNA expression is higher in basal subtype compared to luminal and HER2 subtypes. Within the basal subtype, patients show significantly poorer overall survival associated with higher expression of annexin A1. In both TCGA patient samples and cell lines, annexin A1 levels were significantly higher in basal-like breast cancer than luminal and Her2/neu-positive breast cancer. Stable annexin A1 knockdown in TNBC cell lines suppressed the mTOR-S6 pathway likely through activation of AMPK but had no impact on the MAPK, c-Met, and EGFR pathways. In a cell migration assay, annexin A1-depleted TNBC cells showed delayed migration as compared to wild-type cells, which could be responsible for poor patient prognosis in basal like breast cancers that are known to express higher annexin A1. Conclusions: Our data suggest that annexin A1 is prognostic only in patients with basal like breast cancer. This appears to be in part due to the role of annexin A1 in activating mTOR-pS6 pathway."	0
"Title: The complex understanding of Annexin A1 phosphorylation. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is the first characterized member of the annexins superfamily. It binds the cellular membrane phospholipids in Ca(2+) regulated manner. Annexin A1 has been found in several tissues and many physiological roles as hormones secretion, vesiculation, inflammatory response, apoptosis and differentiation have been shown. Its subcellular localization and binding with many partner proteins are altered accordingly with its physiological role. The Annexin A1 membrane localization is crucial for binding to receptors, suggesting a paracrine and juxtacrine extracellular action. Annexin A1 is subjected to several post-translational modifications. In particular the protein is phosphorylated on several residues both on the N-terminal functional domain and on the C-terminus core. Different kinases have been identified as responsible for the phosphorylation status of selective residues. The specific change in the phosphorylation status on the different sites alters ANXA1 localization, binding properties and functions. This review shows the physiological relevance of the ANXA1 phosphorylation leading to the conclusion that numerous and different roles of Annexin A1 could be associated with different phosphorylations to alter not only intracellular localization and bindings to its partners but also the extracellular receptor interactions."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 down-regulation in head and neck cancer is associated with epithelial differentiation status. Abstract: Annexin A1 (ANXA1) protein expression was evaluated by Western blot in a series of 32 head and neck squamous cell carcinomas (HNSCCs) in a search for molecular alterations that could serve as useful diagnostic/prognostic markers. ANXA1 down-regulation was observed in 24 cases (75%) compared with patient-matched normal epithelium. In relation to clinicopathological variables, ANXA1 down-regulation was significantly associated with advanced T stages (P = 0.029), locoregional lymph node metastases (P = 0.038), advanced disease stage (P = 0.006), hypopharyngeal localization (P = 0.038), and poor histological differentiation (P = 0.005). ANXA1 expression was also analyzed by immunohistochemistry in paraffin-embedded sections from 22 of 32 HNSCCs and 8 premalignant lesions. All dysplastic tissues showed significantly reduced ANXA1 expression compared to a strong positive signal observed in adjacent normal epithelia (except basal and suprabasal cells). A close association was observed between ANXA1 expression and the histological grade in HNSCC. Well-differentiated tumors presented a positive ANXA1 signal in highly keratinized areas whereas moderately and poorly differentiated tumors exhibited very weak or negative staining. Our findings clearly identify ANXA1 as an effective differentiation marker for the histopathological grading of HNSCCs and for the detection of epithelial dysplasia."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 can inhibit the in vitro invasive ability of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells possibly through Annexin A1/S100A9/Vimentin interaction. Abstract: Annexin A1 is a member of a large superfamily of glucocorticoid-regulated, calcium- and phospholipid-binding proteins. Our previous studies have shown that the abnormal expression of Annexin A1 is related to the occurrence and development of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). To understand the roles of Annexin A1 in the tumorigenesis of NPC, targeted proteomic analysis was performed on Annexin A1-associated proteins from NPC cells. We identified 436 proteins associated with Annexin A1, as well as two Annexin A1-interacted key proteins, S100A9 and Vimentin, which were confirmed by co-immunoprecipitation. Gene function classification revealed that the Annexin A1-associated proteins can be grouped into 21 clusters based on their molecular functions. Protein-protein interaction analysis indicated that Annexin A1 /S100A9/Vimentin interactions may be involved in the invasion and metastasis of NPC because they can form complexes in NPC cells. The down-regulation of Annexin A1 in NPC may lead to the overexpression of S100A9/Vimentin, which may increase the possibility of the invasion ability of NPC cells by adjusting the function of cytoskeleton proteins. Results suggested that the biological functions of Annexin A1 in NPC were diverse, and that Annexin A1 can inhibit the in vitro invasive ability of NPC cells through Annexin A1 /S100A9/Vimentin interaction."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 influences in breast cancer: Controversies on contributions to tumour, host and immunoediting processes. Abstract: Annexin A1 is a multifunctional protein characterised by its actions in modulating the innate and adaptive immune response. Accumulating evidence of altered annexin A1 expression in many human tumours raises interest in its functional role in cancer biology. In breast cancer, altered annexin A1 expression levels suggest a potential influence on tumorigenic and metastatic processes. However, reports of conflicting results reveal a relationship that is much more complex than first conceptualised. In this review, we explore the diverse actions of annexin A1 on breast tumour cells and various host cell types, including stromal immune and structural cells, particularly in the context of cancer immunoediting."	0
"Title: Elevated serum annexin A1 as potential diagnostic marker for lung cancer: a retrospective case-control study. Abstract: Annexin A1 was investigated as prognostic factor because of its apparent association with tumorigenesis. The aim of this study was to investigate the expression of annexin A1 in lung cancer patients, and analysed the relationship with respect to the clinico-pathological features and assessed whether annexin A1 as a potential serum marker for lung cancer. Methods: Expression of annexin A1 was examined using immunohistochemistry, in-situ hybridization, western blot and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Sensitivities and specificities for annexin A1 serum test were determined using receiver operator characteristic curve and cutoff was defined based on 95% and 85% sensitivities. Results: Lung cancer tissues exhibited higher expression of annexin A1 than the normal tissues (P < 0.05) and the serum annexin A1 of lung cancer patients also exhibited higher level than control groups (P < 0.05). Moreover, increased serum annexin A1 was significantly associated with the pathological grade and clinical stage of lung cancer patients (P < 0.05). Using receiver operator characteristic curve analysis, the cutoffs for distinguishing lung cancer from normal and benign groups were 4.77 and 4.84 ng/ml respectively. The sensitivities of annexin A1 for distinguishing lung cancer from normal and benign groups were 98.9% and 97.4%, and specificities were 88.3% and 66.4%. Conclusions: Up-regulation of serum annexin A1 was associated with pathological grade and clinical stage of lung cancer patients, which indicated that it could be considered molecular biomarker for diagnosis and prognosis of lung cancer."	0
"Title: Loss of annexin 1 correlates with early onset of tumorigenesis in esophageal and prostate carcinoma. Abstract: Annexin I protein expression was evaluated in patient-matched longitudinal study sets of laser capture microdissected normal, premalignant, and invasive epithelium from human esophageal squamous cell cancer and prostatic adenocarcinoma. In 25 esophageal cases (20 by Western blot and 5 by immunohistochemistry) and 17 prostate cases (3 by Western blot and 14 by immunohistochemistry), both tumor types showed either complete loss or a dramatic reduction in the level of annexin I protein expression compared with patient-matched normal epithelium (P < or = 0.05). Moreover, by using Western blot analysis of laser capture microdissected, patient-matched longitudinal study sets of both tumor types, the loss of protein expression occurred in premalignant lesions. Concordance of this result with immunohistochemical analysis suggests that annexin I may be an essential component for maintenance of the normal epithelial phenotype. Additional studies investigating the mechanism(s) and functional consequences of annexin I protein loss in tumor cells are warranted."	0
"Title: Absence of annexin I expression in B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphomas and cell lines. Abstract: Annexin I, one of the 20 members of the annexin family of calcium and phospholipid-binding proteins, has been implicated in diverse biological processes including signal transduction, mediation of apoptosis and immunosuppression. Previous studies have shown increased annexin I expression in pancreatic and breast cancers, while it is absent in prostate and esophageal cancers. Results: Data presented here show that annexin I mRNA and protein are undetectable in 10 out of 12 B-cell lymphoma cell lines examined. Southern blot analysis indicates that the annexin I gene is intact in B-cell lymphoma cell lines. Aberrant methylation was examined as a cause for lack of annexin I expression by treating cells 5-Aza-2-deoxycytidine. Reexpression of annexin I was observed after prolonged treatment with the demethylating agent indicating methylation may be one of the mechanisms of annexin I silencing. Treatment of Raji and OMA-BL-1 cells with lipopolysaccharide, an inflammation inducer, and with hydrogen peroxide, a promoter of oxidative stress, also failed to induce annexin I expression. Annexin I expression was examined in primary lymphoma tissues by immunohistochemistry and presence of annexin I in a subset of normal B-cells and absence of annexin I expression in the lymphoma tissues were observed. These results show that annexin I is expressed in normal B-cells, and its expression is lost in all primary B-cell lymphomas and 10 of 12 B-cell lymphoma cell lines. Conclusions: Our results suggest that, similar to prostate and esophageal cancers, annexin I may be an endogenous suppressor of cancer development, and loss of annexin I may contribute to B-cell lymphoma development."	0
"Title: Phosphoproteomics reveals network rewiring to a pro-adhesion state in annexin-1-deficient mammary epithelial cells. Abstract: Annexin-1 (ANXA1) plays pivotal roles in regulating various physiological processes including inflammation, proliferation and apoptosis, and deregulation of ANXA1 functions has been associated with tumorigenesis and metastasis events in several types of cancer. Though ANXA1 levels correlate with breast cancer disease status and outcome, its distinct functional involvement in breast cancer initiation and progression remains unclear. We hypothesized that ANXA1-responsive kinase signaling alteration and associated phosphorylation signaling underlie early events in breast cancer initiation events and hence profiled ANXA1-dependent phosphorylation changes in mammary gland epithelial cells. Methods: Quantitative phosphoproteomics analysis of mammary gland epithelial cells derived from ANXA1-heterozygous and ANXA1-deficient mice was carried out using stable isotope labeling with amino acids in cell culture (SILAC)-based mass spectrometry. Kinase and signaling changes underlying ANXA1 perturbations were derived by upstream kinase prediction and integrated network analysis of altered proteins and phosphoproteins. Results: We identified a total of 8110 unique phosphorylation sites, of which 582 phosphorylation sites on 372 proteins had ANXA1-responsive changes. A majority of these phosphorylation changes occurred on proteins associated with cytoskeletal reorganization spanning the focal adhesion, stress fibers, and also the microtubule network proposing new roles for ANXA1 in regulating microtubule dynamics. Comparative analysis of regulated global proteome and phosphoproteome highlighted key differences in translational and post-translational effects of ANXA1, and suggested closely coordinated rewiring of the cell adhesion network. Kinase prediction analysis suggested activity modulation of calmodulin-dependent protein kinase II (CAMK2), P21-activated kinase (PAK), extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK), and I?B kinase (IKK) upon loss of ANXA1. Integrative analysis revealed regulation of the WNT and Hippo signaling pathways in ANXA1-deficient mammary epithelial cells, wherein there is downregulation of transcriptional effects of TEA domain family (TEAD) suggestive of ANXA1-responsive transcriptional rewiring. Conclusions: The phosphoproteome landscape uncovered several novel perspectives for ANXA1 in mammary gland biology and highlighted its involvement in key signaling pathways modulating cell adhesion and migration that could contribute to breast cancer initiation."	0
"Title: An assessment of the usefulness of immunohistochemical stains in the diagnosis of hairy cell leukemia. Abstract: Annexin-1 and T-bet are recently described immunohistochemical stains that reportedly assist in the diagnosis of hairy cell leukemia (HCL). Our objective was to assess the sensitivity and specificity of a panel of immunohistochemical stains in distinguishing HCL from other B-cell neoplasms, particularly splenic and extranodal marginal zone lymphomas (SMZL and ENMZL, respectively). The study included 234 bone marrow biopsy specimens: 101 HCL, 13 SMZL, and 10 ENMZL cases were assessed with CD20, tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (TRAP), DBA.44, a-1, T-bet, and cyclin D1, and 110 control cases were assessed with annexin-1 and T-bet. Our study showed that annexin-1 is a specific and sensitive marker for HCL; however, interpretation is limited by positivity within myeloid precursors. T-bet, DBA.44, and TRAP immunohistochemical stains lack sufficient sensitivity and specificity to differentiate HCL from either form of marginal zone lymphoma. However, our data suggest that the addition cyclin D1 to the immunostaining panel will increase the sensitivity and specificity of HCL diagnosis."	0
"Title: Differential expression of ANXA1 in benign human gastrointestinal tissues and cancers. Abstract: Annexin-1 contributes to the pathological consequence and sequelae of most serious human diseases including cardiovascular disease and cancer. Although diverse roles in carcinogenesis have been postulated, its role in human gastrointestinal cancers still remains controversial. Methods: The mRNA and protein expression profiles of ANXA1 were studied in human esophageal, gastric, pancreatic, colorectal, liver, and bile duct cancers using Real-Time PCR, western blotting, and immunohistochemistry. Gain/loss-of-function by pcDNA3.1-ANXA1 and ANXA1-shRNA was performed in gastric cancer cells. Results: ANXA1 was widely expressed in adult gastrointestinal tissue. All methods showed that ANXA1 was down-regulated in esophageal, gastric, and bile duct cancers, but up-regulated in pancreatic cancer. Forced ANXA1 expression in gastric cancer cells leads to cell growth inhibition and concomitantly modulates COX-2 expression. We confirm loss of ANXA1 and overexpression of COX-2 in clinical gastric cancer, suggesting that the anti-proliferative function of ANXA1 against COX-2 production might be lost. Conclusions: ANXA1 expression is ""tumor-specific"" and might play a multifaceted role in cancer development and progression. ANXA1 was widely expressed in normal gastrointestinal epithelium, suggesting its role in the maintenance of cellular boundaries. Furthermore, ANXA1 regulates GC cell viability via the COX-2 pathway."	0
"Title: Impaired T cell activation and increased Th2 lineage commitment in Annexin-1-deficient T cells. Abstract: Annexin-1 is a well-known endogenous anti-inflammatory protein that modulates the activation of cells of the innate immune system such as neutrophils and macrophages. We have recently reported a positive role for the exogenous protein on T cell differentiation, however, whether such a role holds true for the endogenous protein has yet to be determined. This aspect has been investigated here finding that Annexin-1-deficient T cells display an impaired activation and proliferation in response to anti-CD3 plus anti-CD28 stimulation. Furthermore, differentiation of T cells from Annexin-1-deficient mice in Th0/Th1/Th2 or Th17 skewing conditions demonstrated an increased Th2 phenotype compared to cells from control littermates. Similar results were obtained when we analyzed the Th1/Th2 profile of lymph node cells obtained from mice immunized with keyhole limpet hemocyanin or the inflammatory infiltrate in mouse model of allergic inflammation. These results demonstrate a novel modulatory role of endogenous Annexin-1 in TCR signaling and T cell differentiation and suggest this protein might play a dual and complementary role in the innate and adaptive immune response."	0
"Title: Macrocortin: a polypeptide causing the anti-phospholipase effect of glucocorticoids. Abstract: Anti-inflammatory glucocorticoids inhibit prostaglandin (PG) biosynthesis by preventing arachidonic acid release from phospholipids rather than inhibiting the cyclooxygenase. As in other cells, this steroid action depends on receptor occupation and de novo protein/RNA biosynthesis. We have previously shown in guinea pig perfused lungs and rat peritoneal leukocytes that the effect of steroids in PG generation is mediated by an uncharacterized 'second messenger'. Now, we report that this factor (which we have named 'macrocortin') is an intracellular polypeptide whose release and synthesis are stimulated by steroids. Macrocortin derived from rat peritoneal leukocytes is very similar to that released from guinea pig lungs."	0
"Title: Inhibition of microRNA with antisense oligonucleotides. Abstract: Antisense inhibition of microRNA (miRNA) function has been an important tool for uncovering miRNA biology. Chemical modification of anti-miRNA oligonucleotides (AMOs) is necessary to improve affinity for target miRNA, stabilize the AMO to nuclease degradation, and to promote tissue uptake for in vivo delivery. Here I summarize the work done to evaluate the effectiveness of various chemically modified AMOs for use in cultured cells and rodent models, and outline important issues to consider when inhibiting miRNAs with antisense oligonucleotides."	0
"Title: 2'-O-methyl-modified phosphorothioate antisense oligonucleotides have reduced non-specific effects in vitro. Abstract: Antisense oligodeoxynucleotides (ODNs) have biological activity in treating various forms of cancer. The antisense effects of two types of 20mer ODNs, phosphorothioate-modified ODNs (S-ODNs) and S-ODNs with 12 2'-O-methyl groups (Me-S-ODNs), targeted to sites 109 and 277 of bcl-2 mRNA, were compared. Both types were at least as effective as G3139 (Genta, Inc.) in reducing the level of Bcl-2 protein in T24 cells following a 4 h transfection at a dose of 0.1 micro M. Circular dichroism spectra showed that both types formed A-form duplexes with the complementary RNA, and the melting temperatures were in the order of Me-S-ODN.RNA > normal DNA.RNA > S-ODN.RNA. In comparison with the S-ODN, the Me-S-ODN had reduced toxic growth inhibitory effects, was less prone to bind the DNA-binding domain A of human replication protein A, and was as resistant to serum nucleases. Neither type of oligomer induced apoptosis, according to a PARP-cleavage assay. Hybrids formed with Me-S-ODN sequences were less sensitive to RNase H degradation than those formed with S-ODN sequences. Despite this latter disadvantage, the addition of 2'-O-methyl groups to a phosphorothioate-modified ODN is advantageous because of increased stability of binding and reduced non-specific effects."	0
"Title: Chemical modification and design of anti-miRNA oligonucleotides. Abstract: Antisense techniques have been employed for over 30 years to suppress expression of target RNAs. Recently, microRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as a new class of small, non-coding, regulatory RNA molecules that widely impact gene regulation, differentiation and disease states in both plants and animals. Antisense techniques that employ synthetic oligonucleotides have been used to study miRNA function and some of these compounds may have potential as novel drug candidates to intervene in diseases where miRNAs contribute to the underlying pathophysiology. Anti-miRNA oligonucleotides (AMOs) appear to work primarily through a steric blocking mechanism of action; these compounds are synthetic reverse complements that tightly bind and inactivate the miRNA. A variety of chemical modifications can be used to improve the performance and potency of AMOs. In general, modifications that confer nuclease stability and increase binding affinity improve AMO performance. Chemical modifications and/or certain structural features of the AMO may also facilitate invasion into the miRNA-induced silencing complex. In particular, it is essential that the AMO binds with high affinity to the miRNA 'seed region', which spans bases 2-8 from the 5'-end of the miRNA."	0
"Title: Controlled delivery of antisense oligonucleotides: a brief review of current strategies. Abstract: Antisense therapy has been investigated extensively over the past two decades, either experimentally for gene functional research or clinically as therapeutic agents owing to the conceptual simplicity, ease of design and low cost. The concept of this therapeutic approach is promising because short antisense oligonucleotides (ASOs) can be delivered into target cells for specific hybridisation with target mRNA, resulting in the inhibition of the expression of pathogenic genes. However, the efficient delivery of the ASO molecules into target cells remains challenging; this bottleneck together with several other technical hurdles need to be overcome before this approach becomes effective and widely adopted. A variety of vectors such as lipids, polymers, peptides and nanoparticles have been explored. This review outlines the recent advances of the non-viral ASO delivery strategies. Several recent scientific studies, including authors' contributions, have been selected to highlight the technical aspects of ASO delivery."	0
"Title: High levels of microRNA-21 in the stroma of colorectal cancers predict short disease-free survival in stage II colon cancer patients. Abstract: Approximately 25% of all patients with stage II colorectal cancer will experience recurrent disease and subsequently die within 5 years. MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is upregulated in several cancer types and has been associated with survival in colon cancer. In the present study we developed a robust in situ hybridization assay using high-affinity Locked Nucleic Acid (LNA) probes that specifically detect miR-21 in formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue samples. The expression of miR-21 was analyzed by in situ hybridization on 130 stage II colon and 67 stage II rectal cancer specimens. The miR-21 signal was revealed as a blue chromogenic reaction, predominantly observed in fibroblast-like cells located in the stromal compartment of the tumors. The expression levels were measured using image analysis. The miR-21 signal was determined as the total blue area (TB), or the area fraction relative to the nuclear density (TBR) obtained using a red nuclear stain. High TBR (and TB) estimates of miR-21 expression correlated significantly with shorter disease-free survival (p = 0.004, HR = 1.28, 95% CI: 1.06-1.55) in the stage II colon cancer patient group, whereas no significant correlation with disease-free survival was observed in the stage II rectal cancer group. In multivariate analysis both TB and TBR estimates were independent of other clinical parameters (age, gender, total leukocyte count, K-RAS mutational status and MSI). We conclude that miR-21 is primarily a stromal microRNA, which when measured by image analysis identifies a subgroup of stage II colon cancer patients with short disease-free survival."	0
"Title: Epstein-Barr Virus_Encoded LMP1 upregulates microRNA-21 to promote the resistance of nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells to cisplatin-induced Apoptosis by suppressing PDCD4 and Fas-L. Abstract: Approximately 30% of patients with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-positive advanced nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) display chemoresistance to cisplatin-based regimens, but the underlying mechanisms are unclear. The Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-encoded latent membrane protein 1 (LMP1), a functional homologue of the tumor necrosis factor receptor family, contributes substantially to the oncogenic potential of EBV through the activation of multiple signaling pathways, and it is closely associated with a poorer prognosis for NPC. Recent studies show that EBV infection can induce the expression of many cellular miRNAs, including microRNA-21, a biomarker for chemoresistance. However, neither a link between LMP1 expression and miR-21 upregulation nor their cross talk in affecting chemoresistance to cisplatin have been reported. Here, we observed that stable LMP1-transformed NPC cells were less sensitive to cisplatin treatment based on their proliferation, colony formation, the IC50 value of cisplatin and the apoptosis index. Higher levels of miR-21 were found in EBV-carrying and LMP1-positive cell lines, suggesting that LMP1 may be linked to miR-21 upregulation. These data were confirmed by our results that exogenous LMP1 increased miR-21 in both transiently and stably LMP1-transfected cells, and the knock down of miR-21 substantially reversed the resistance of the NPC cells to cisplatin treatment. Moreover, the proapoptotic factors programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) and Fas ligand (Fas-L), which were negatively regulated by miR-21, were found to play an important role in the program of LMP1-dependent cisplatin resistance. Finally, we demonstrated that LMP1 induced miR-21 expression primarily by modulating the PI3K/AKT/FOXO3a signaling pathway. Taken together, we revealed for the first time that viral LMP1 triggers the PI3K/Akt/FOXO3a pathway to induce human miR-21 expression, which subsequently decreases the expression of PDCD4 and Fas-L, and results in chemoresistance in NPC cells."	0
"Title: The human Ago2 MC region does not contain an eIF4E-like mRNA cap binding motif. Abstract: Argonaute (Ago) proteins interact with small regulatory RNAs to mediate gene regulatory pathways. A recent report by Kiriakidou et al. 1 describes an MC sequence region identified in Ago2 that displays similarity to the cap-binding motif in translation initiation factor 4E (eIF4E). In a cap-bound eIF4E structure, two important aromatic residues of the motif stack on either side of a 7-methylguanosine 5'-triphosphate (m7Gppp) base. The corresponding Ago2 aromatic residues (F450 and F505) were hypothesized to perform the same cap-binding function. However, the detected similarity between the MC sequence and the eIF4E cap-binding motif was questionable. Results: A number of sequence-based and structure-based bioinformatics methods reveal the reported similarity between the Ago2 MC sequence region and the eIF4E cap-binding motif to be spurious. Alternatively, the MC sequence region is confidently assigned to the N-terminus of the Ago piwi module, within the mid domain of experimentally determined prokaryotic Ago structures. Confident mapping of the Ago2 MC sequence region to the piwi mid domain results in a homology-based structure model that positions the identified aromatic residues over 20 A apart, with one of the aromatic side chains (F450) contributing instead to the hydrophobic core of the domain. Conclusion: Correct functional prediction based on weak sequence similarity requires substantial evolutionary and structural support. The evolutionary context of the Ago mid domain suggested by multiple sequence alignment is limited to a conserved hydrophobicity profile required for the fold and a motif following the MC region that binds guide RNA. Mapping of the MC sequence to the mid domain structure reveals Ago2 aromatics that are incompatible with eIF4E-like mRNA cap-binding, yet display some limited local structure similarities that cause the chance sequence match to eIF4E."	0
"Title: Human Argonaute2 mediates RNA cleavage targeted by miRNAs and siRNAs. Abstract: Argonaute proteins associate with small RNAs that guide mRNA degradation, translational repression, or a combination of both. The human Argonaute family has eight members, four of which (Ago1 through Ago4) are closely related and coexpressed in many cell types. To understand the biological function of the different Ago proteins, we set out to determine if Ago1 through Ago4 are associated with miRNAs as well as RISC activity in human cell lines. Our results suggest that miRNAs are incorporated indiscriminately of their sequence into Ago1 through Ago4 containing microRNPs (miRNPs). Purification of the FLAG/HA-epitope-tagged Ago containing complexes from different human cell lines revealed that endonuclease activity is exclusively associated with Ago2. Exogenously introduced siRNAs also associate with Ago2 for guiding target RNA cleavage. The specific role of Ago2 in guiding target RNA cleavage was confirmed independently by siRNA-based depletion of individual Ago members in combination with a sensitive positive-readout reporter assay."	0
"Title: Aromatase inhibitor treatment of breast cancer cells increases the expression of let-7f, a microRNA targeting CYP19A1. Abstract: Aromatase inhibitors (AIs) are considered the gold standard of endocrine therapy for oestrogen receptor-positive postmenopausal breast cancer patients. AI treatment was reported to result in marked alterations of genetic profiles in cancer tissues but its detailed molecular mechanisms have not been elucidated. Therefore, we profiled miRNA expression before and after treatment with letrozole in MCF-7 co-cultured with primary breast cancer stromal cells. Letrozole significantly altered the expression profiles of cancer miRNAs in vitro. Among the elevated miRNAs following letrozole treatment, computational analysis identified let-7f, a tumour-suppressor miRNA which targeted the aromatase gene (CYP19A1) expression. Quantitative real-time PCR assay using MCF-7 and SK-BR-3 cells as well as clinical specimens of a neoadjuvant study demonstrated a significant inverse correlation between aromatase mRNA and let-7f expression. In addition, high let-7f expression was significantly correlated with low aromatase protein levels evaluated by both immunohistochemistry and the western blotting method in breast cancer cases. Results of 3'UTR luciferase assay also demonstrated the actual let-7f binding sites in CYP19A1, indicating that let-7f directly targets the aromatase gene. Subsequent WST-8 and migration assays performed in let-7f-transfected MCF-7 and SK-BR-3 cells revealed a significant decrement of their proliferation and migration. These findings all demonstrated that let-7f, a tumour suppressor miRNA in breast cancer, directly targeted the aromatase gene and was restored by AI treatment. Therefore, AIs may exert tumour-suppressing effects upon breast cancer cells by suppressing aromatase gene expression via restoration of let-7f."	0
"Title: Arsenic trioxide inhibits cell growth and motility via up-regulation of let-7a in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Arsenic trioxide (ATO) has been reported to exert its anti-cancer activities in human cancers. However, the molecular mechanism of ATO-triggered anti-tumor activity has not been fully elucidated. Recently, multiple studies demonstrated that ATO could regulate miRNAs in human cancers. Therefore, in this study, we investigated whether ATO regulated let-7a in breast cancer cells. We found that ATO upregulated let-7a level in breast cancer cells. We also found that up-regulation of let-7a inhibited cell growth and induced apoptosis and retarded cell migration and invasion. We also observed that up-regulation of let-7a enhanced cell growth inhibition and invasion suppression induced by ATO treatment. Our findings suggest that ATO suppressed cell growth, stimulated apoptosis, and retarded cell invasion partly via upregulation of let-7a in breast cancer cells. Our study provides a new anti-tumor mechanism of ATO treatment in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Tumor angiogenesis: molecular pathways and therapeutic targets. Abstract: As angiogenesis is essential for tumor growth and metastasis, controlling tumor-associated angiogenesis is a promising tactic in limiting cancer progression. The tumor microenvironment comprises numerous signaling molecules and pathways that influence the angiogenic response. Understanding how these components functionally interact as angiogenic stimuli or as repressors and how mechanisms of resistance arise is required for the identification of new therapeutic strategies. Achieving a durable and efficient antiangiogenic response will require approaches to simultaneously or sequentially target multiple aspects of the tumor microenvironment."	0
"Title: Novel miRNA markers for the diagnosis and prognosis of endometrial cancer. Abstract: As endometrial cancer (EC) is a major threat to female health worldwide, the ability to provide an accurate diagnosis and prognosis of EC is promising to improve its treatment guidance. Since the discovery of miRNAs, it has been realized that miRNAs are associated with every cell function, including malignant transformation and metastasis. This study aimed to explore diagnostic and prognostic miRNA markers of EC. In this study, differential analysis and machine learning were performed, followed by correlation analysis of miRNA-mRNA based on the miRNA and mRNA expression data. Nine miRNAs were identified as diagnostic markers, and a diagnostic classifier was established to distinguish between EC and normal endometrium tissue with overall correct rates >95%. Five specific prognostic miRNA markers were selected to construct a prognostic model, which was confirmed more effective in identifying EC patients at high risk of mortality compared with the FIGO staging system. This study demonstrates that the expression patterns of miRNAs may hold promise for becoming diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers and novel therapeutic targets for EC."	0
"Title: The Potential for microRNA Therapeutics and Clinical Research. Abstract: As FDA-approved small RNA drugs start to enter clinical medicine, ongoing studies for the microRNA (miRNA) class of small RNAs expand its preclinical and clinical research applications. A growing number of reports suggest a significant utility of miRNAs as biomarkers for pathogenic conditions, modulators of drug resistance, and/or as drugs for medical intervention in almost all human health conditions. The pleiotropic nature of this class of nonprotein-coding RNAs makes them particularly attractive drug targets for diseases with a multifactorial origin and no current effective treatments. As candidate miRNAs begin to proceed toward initiation and completion of potential phase 3 and 4 trials in the future, the landscape of both diagnostic and interventional medicine will arguably continue to evolve. In this mini-review, we discuss miRNA drug discovery development and their current status in clinical trials."	0
"Title: Diagnostic significance of miR-106a in gastric cancer. Abstract: As one of the most common malignant tumors, gastric cancer still lacks tumor markers with enough specificity and sensitivity. Therefore the development of novel tumor markers is necessary for early diagnosis in clinics. MicroRNA (miR) has been known to be of unique expressional patterns in various tumors and may work as potential tumor markers for clinical use. This study thus explored the significance of plasma miR-106a in clinical diagnosis of gastric cancer and its effects on proliferation of cancer cells. Plasma miR-106a levels were quantified by real-time quantitative fluorescent PCR methods in 80 cases of gastric cancer patients and healthy individuals to analyze the correlation between miR-106a and clinical features. MiR-106 inhibitor was further transfected into human gastric carcinoma cells for further cell proliferation using CCK-8 approach. MiR-106a was significantly up-regulated in gastric cancer patient plasma samples compared to healthy individuals (P<0.01). The area under ROC curve was 0.895 (95% CI: 0.846~0.943). It has a specificity of 93.8% and a sensitivity of 77.5% in diagnosing gastric cancer. MiR-106a level was also correlated with cancer differentiation stage, lymph node metastasis, TNM stage and tumor size (P<0.05). The down-regulation of miR-106 in gastric carcinoma cells inhibited cell proliferation (P<0.05). MiR-106a was significantly up-regulated in gastric cancer patients and can facilitate the in vitro proliferation of tumor cells. It may work as a biological marker for gastric cancer."	0
"Title: The circular RNA circ-ITCH suppresses ovarian carcinoma progression through targeting miR-145/RASA1 signaling. Abstract: As the leading cause of death for gynecological cancers, ovarian cancer (OC) ranks fifth overall for cancer-related death among women. Emerging evidence has indicated that circular RNA (circRNA), recognized as functional non-coding transcripts in eukaryotic cells, may be involved in many physiological or pathological processes. It was reported that circ-ITCH is downregulated in multi cancers and serves as a powerful tumor suppressor among through a competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) pathway. However, the existence and the role of circ-ITCH in OC was not reported. Here, we found a broad down-regulation of circ-ITCH in OC tissues and cells, which correlates with a worse prognosis in OC patients. Functional studies suggest that circ-ITCH overexpression inhibits the cell viability and motility by CCK8, cell cycle, wound healing assay and invasion assay. It also inhibits the tumorigenesis ability in xenograft NOD mice in vivo. Mechanically, we demonstrated that circ-TCH acts as a ceRNA to sponge miR-145, increases the level of RASA1, and inhibits the malignant progression of OC cells via the circ-ITCH-miR-145-RASA1 axis in vitro and in vivo. Taken together, our findings provide a novel tumor suppressive role regarding circ-ITCH function in the malignant progression of OC."	0
"Title: Switching from repression to activation: microRNAs can up-regulate translation. Abstract: AU-rich elements (AREs) and microRNA target sites are conserved sequences in messenger RNA (mRNA) 3' untranslated regions (3'UTRs) that control gene expression posttranscriptionally. Upon cell cycle arrest, the ARE in tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNFalpha) mRNA is transformed into a translation activation signal, recruiting Argonaute (AGO) and fragile X mental retardation-related protein 1 (FXR1), factors associated with micro-ribonucleoproteins (microRNPs). We show that human microRNA miR369-3 directs association of these proteins with the AREs to activate translation. Furthermore, we document that two well-studied microRNAs-Let-7 and the synthetic microRNA miRcxcr4-likewise induce translation up-regulation of target mRNAs on cell cycle arrest, yet they repress translation in proliferating cells. Thus, activation is a common function of microRNPs on cell cycle arrest. We propose that translation regulation by microRNPs oscillates between repression and activation during the cell cycle."	0
"Title: Involvement of microRNA in AU-rich element-mediated mRNA instability. Abstract: AU-rich elements (AREs) in the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of unstable mRNAs dictate their degradation. An RNAi-based screen performed in Drosophila S2 cells has revealed that Dicer1, Argonaute1 (Ago1) and Ago2, components involved in microRNA (miRNA) processing and function, are required for the rapid decay of mRNA containing AREs of tumor necrosis factor-alpha. The requirement for Dicer in the instability of ARE-containing mRNA (ARE-RNA) was confirmed in HeLa cells. We further observed that miR16, a human miRNA containing an UAAAUAUU sequence that is complementary to the ARE sequence, is required for ARE-RNA turnover. The role of miR16 in ARE-RNA decay is sequence-specific and requires the ARE binding protein tristetraprolin (TTP). TTP does not directly bind to miR16 but interacts through association with Ago/eiF2C family members to complex with miR16 and assists in the targeting of ARE. miRNA targeting of ARE, therefore, appears to be an essential step in ARE-mediated mRNA degradation."	0
Title: MiR-494 Inhibits Epithelial Ovarian Cancer Growth by Targeting c-Myc. Abstract: BACKGROUND Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is the most lethal malignant gynecological cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer. The role of miR-494 in EOC has not been fully investigated. MATERIAL AND METHODS MiR-494 levels in ovarian cancer tissues and cells were tested by qRT-PCR. Cells were transfected with miR-494 mimics or miR-494 ASO by Lipofectamine. Bioinformatics algorithms from TargetScanHuman were used to predict the target genes of miR-494. The c-Myc protein level was assayed by Western blot. The interaction between miR-494 and c-Myc was confirmed by dual luciferase assays. RESULTS MiR-494 showed low levels in EOC tissues and cells. Overexpression of miR-494 inhibited cell growth and migration of EOC cells and vice versa. c-Myc is the targeted gene of miR-494. CONCLUSIONS MiR-494 has an anti-tumor role in EOC via c-Myc.	0
"Title: Suppression of miR-21 Expression Inhibits Cell Proliferation and Migration of Liver Cancer Cells by Targeting Phosphatase and Tensin Homolog (PTEN). Abstract: BACKGROUND Liver cancer is considered one of the main causes of cancer related deaths across the globe. Moreover, the incidence of liver cancer in developed countries is likely to increase in future. The increase in the incidence of liver cancer, the limited availability of standard treatments, and the side effects of the existing drugs demands exploration and identification of new targets and treatment strategies for liver cancer. In this context, the present study investigated the potential of miR-21 as the therapeutic target for the management of liver cancer. MATERIAL AND METHODS Total RNA was extracted by RNA isolation kit (RNeasy) as per the manufacturer's instructions. The cDNA synthesis was carried out with the help of RevertAid cDNA synthesis kit (Fermentas). Expression analysis was performed by quantitative RT-PCR. Cell proliferation was examined by CellTiter 96 aqueous one cell proliferation assay kit (Promega) as per manufacturer's guidelines. Apoptosis was detected by DAPI and Annexin V/PI staining. Cell migration was assessed by wound healing assay. MicroRNA-383 target was delimited by TargetScan software. Protein expression analysis was evaluated by western blotting. RESULTS Our results revealed that miR-21 was significantly upregulated in liver cancer cells. However, downregulation of miR-21 inhibited cancer cell proliferation, promoted apoptosis, inhibited cell migration, and triggered cell cycle arrest in KYN-2 liver cancer cells. Additionally, in silico analysis revealed PTEN to be the downstream target of miR-21, which was further confirmed by expression analysis through western blotting. CONCLUSIONS Our results reveal that miR-21 might prove to be an important target for the management of liver cancer."	0
"Title: Tissue miR-193b as a Novel Biomarker for Patients with Ovarian Cancer. Abstract: BACKGROUND MiRNAs play important roles in regulating many fundamental biological processes. Deregulation of miRNAs is involved in the initiation and progression of cancer. MiR-193b is regarded as tumor suppressor in many types of cancers. However, the role of miR-193b in ovarian cancer is poorly understood. MATERIAL AND METHODS The expression level of miR-193b in ovarian cancer cell lines and ovarian cancer samples was evaluated using quantitative real-time reverse transcription-PCR (qRT-PCR). The ovarian cancer patients were categorized into a high miR-193b expression group and a low miR-193b expression group according to the median miR-193b expression level. The correlation between tissue miR-193b expression and the patients' clinicopathological factors, as well as survival, was also analyzed. RESULTS The results showed that the miR-193b expression was significantly down-regulated in ovarian cancer cell lines and tumor tissues compared with normal controls. In addition, tissue miR-193b expression was positively correlated with FIGO stage (P=0.001), histological grade (P=0.032), ascites (P=0.019), lymph node metastasis (P=0.003), and tumor size (P=0.041). Among 116 patients with ovarian cancer examined, the 5-year overall survival (OS) rates were 62.5% and 22.01% in patients with high and low miR-193b expression, respectively (P=0.003). Multivariate analysis showed that tissue miR-193b is an independent prognostic factor in patients with ovarian cancer (HR=4.219; P=0.015). CONCLUSIONS Reduction of miR-193b was found in ovarian cancer and its lower expression was associated with poorer prognosis. Tissue miR-193b showed potential as novel biomarker for ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-183 correlates cancer prognosis, regulates cancer proliferation and bufalin sensitivity in epithelial ovarian caner. Abstract: Background we intended to explore the functional implication of microRNA-183 (miR-183) in predicting clinical prognosis and regulating cancer proliferation and bufalin sensitivity in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). Methods In 75 EOC patients, miR-183 expression was examined, by quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR), between paired EOC tumors and adjacent normal tissues, and between tumor samples from patients at early clinical stages and those at advanced clinical stages. The association of serum miR-183 and patients' clinicopathological variables were examined. The overall survival (OS) was estimated by Kaplan-Meier model. And the possibility of miR-183 as a prognostic biomarker for EOC was examined by cox proportional hazard regression model. In EOC cell lines SKOV3 and ES-2 cells, lentiviral transduction was conducted to genetically suppress miR-183. The effect of miR-183 downregulation on EOC in vitro growth, bufalin sensitivity and in vivo tumorigenicity were examined. Results MiR-183 was highly expressed in EOC tumors, as well ass in patients at advanced clinical stages. Serum miR-183 was significantly associated with major clinicopathological variables in EOC patients, such as clinical stage and lymph node metastases. High level of serum miR-183 was associated with poor OS in EOC patients, and proved to be a potential biomarker for EOC. In EOC cell lines, functional assays demonstrated that miR-183 downregulation inhibited cancer proliferation, enhanced bufalin sensitivity and reduced tumorigenicity in vivo. Conclusion MiR-183 may be a prognostic biomarker for EOC, and inhibiting miR-183 may have therapeutic effect to inhibit tumor growth in EOC."	0
"Title: miR-21 Is a Promising Novel Biomarker for Lymph Node Metastasis in Patients with Gastric Cancer. Abstract: Background. Gastric cancer (GC) is an important malignant disease around the world. Abnormalities of microRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated in carcinogenesis of various cancers. In the present study, we examined miR-21 expression in human gastric cancer with lymph node metastasis and attempted to uncover its relationship with clinicopathologic data, especially with lymph node metastasis. Materials and Methods. The expression levels of miR-21 in the tumor specimens of GC patients were quantified by RT-PCR. The correlation between miR-21 level and multiple clinicopathological factors was then examined by Mann-Whitney test, Kaplan-Meier survival analysis, and operating characteristic (ROC) analysis. Results. The expression level of miR-21 was higher in GC patients with lymph node metastasis than in those without lymph node metastasis (P < 0.05). Expression level of miR-21 was significantly correlated with histologic type, T stage, lymph node metastasis and pTNM stage. The overall survival rates in GC patients with low upregulated miR-21 expression were significantly higher than those with high upregulated miR-21 (P < 0.05). Conclusion. A close association is implicated between the elevated miR-21and lymph node metastasis, which could potentially be exploited as a practical biomarker for lymph node metastasis in patients with GC."	0
"Title: Serum exosomal miRNA-145 and miRNA-200c as promising biomarkers for preoperative diagnosis of ovarian carcinomas. Abstract: Background: Exosomes are extracellular microvesicles that are released by most cells and widely distributed in various body fluids. Malignant cells secrete large amounts of exosomes containing various molecular constituents reflecting the originating tumor. We investigated the difference in microRNA (miRNA) expression in serum exosomes from the patients with benign, borderline and malignant ovarian masses to assess the diagnostic relevance of serum exosomal miRNAs as biomarkers for preoperative diagnosis of ovarian carcinoma.Methods:A total of 68 cases of ovarian masses were enrolled, comprising benign ovarian cysts (benign; n=10), borderline ovarian tumors (BOT, n=10), high-grade serous ovarian carcinomas (HGSOC, n=39) and non-HGSOCs (n=9). Exosomal RNA was extracted from the serum, and expression levels of seven miRNAs (miRNA-21, -93, -141, -145, -200a, -200b and -200c), which were reportedly dysregulated in serous ovarian cancer in previous studies, were quantified by real-time PCR, and compared between the four groups.Results:MiR-93, -145, and -200c, showed significantly higher expression in serum exosomes of the cancer group (HGSOC and non-HGSOC) than of the non-cancer group (benign and BOT; all p<0.05). The remaining three miRs (miR-141, -200a, and -200b) were expressed at extremely low levels, and not appropriate as serological biomarkers. To test discrimination of cancer from non-cancer, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curves determined for cancer antigen 125 (CA125), miR-145, miR-200c, miR-21, and miR-93 were 0.801 (p<0.001), 0.910 (p<0.001), 0.802 (p<0.001), 0.585 (p=0.303), and 0.755 (p=0.002), respectively. MiR-145 showed superior sensitivity (91.6%), and miR-200c showed superior specificity (90.0%), compared with CA125.Conclusion:Expression of exosomal miR-93, miR-145 and miR-200c was significantly elevated in the serum of ovarian cancer patients. Serum exosomal miR-145 in particular appeared to be the most promising biomarker for preoperative diagnosis of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Evaluation Analysis of miRNAs Overexpression in Liquid-Based Cytology Endometrial Samples. Abstract: Background:miRNAs have an important role as their deregulation is linked to endometrial cancer.Methods: A custom miScript® miRNA PCR Array was used to investigate for the first time the expression of eight miRNAs in forty-nine histologically confirmed Liquid Based cytology endometrial samples. The expression profile of the same miRNAs was also examined in sixty formalin-fixed tissue samples.Results:Expression of seven miRNAs was significantly higher in malignant samples with three of them (mir-182, mir-141 and mir-205) performing optimally.Conclusion:These results suggest the potential use of this non-invasive method of sampling for miRNA expression studies. Furthermore miRNA overexpression could serve as an ancillary or reflex test for optimal identification of malignant samples especially in morphologically inadequate samples."	0
"Title: MiR-29c suppresses invasion and metastasis by targeting TIAM1 in nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Abstract: Based on microarray analysis, we previously reported that miR-29c is significantly downregulated in nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC). However, little is known about the effect and molecular mechanisms of action of miR-29c deregulation during the development and progression of NPC. Quantitative RT-PCR demonstrated that miR-29c was significantly downregulated in NPC cell lines and clinical specimens. Wound healing, Transwell migration and lung metastasis assays demonstrated that ectopic expression of miR-29c inhibited NPC cell migration and invasion in vitro and suppressed the formation of lung metastases in vivo. T cell lymphoma invasion and metastasis 1 (TIAM1) was confirmed as a miR-29c target gene using luciferase reporter assays, quantitative RT-PCR and Western blotting. Ectopic expression of TIAM1 significantly promoted the migration and invasion of SUNE-1 cell line stably overexpressing miR-29c. The prognostic value of TIAM1 was analyzed in 217 NPC patients using immunohistochemistry. Strikingly, patients with high TIAM1 expression had poorer overall, disease-free and distant metastasis-free survival than patients with low TIAM1 expression. Furthermore, multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed that TIAM1 could serve as an independent prognostic factor in NPC. The newly identified miR-29c/TIAM1 pathway further elucidates the molecular mechanisms regulating invasion and metastasis in NPC, and may provide novel prognostic and treatment strategies for NPC patients."	0
"Title: Effects of microRNA-29 on apoptosis, tumorigenicity, and prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Based on microarray data, we have previously shown a significant down-regulation of miR-29 in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues. To date, the role of miR-29 deregulation in hepatocarcinogenesis and the signaling pathways by which miR-29 exerts its function and modulates the malignant phenotypes of HCC cells remain largely unknown. In this study, we confirmed that reduced expression of miR-29 was a frequent event in HCC tissues using both Northern blot and real-time quantitative reverse-transcription polymerase chain reaction. More interestingly, we found that miR-29 down-regulation was significantly associated with worse disease-free survival of HCC patients. Both gain- and loss-of-function studies revealed that miR-29 could sensitize HCC cells to apoptosis that was triggered by either serum starvation and hypoxia or chemotherapeutic drugs, which mimicked the tumor growth environment in vivo and the clinical treatment. Moreover, introduction of miR-29 dramatically repressed the ability of HCC cells to form tumor in nude mice. Subsequent investigation characterized two antiapoptotic molecules, Bcl-2 and Mcl-1, as direct targets of miR-29. Furthermore, silencing of Bcl-2 and Mcl-1 phenocopied the proapoptotic effect of miR-29, whereas overexpression of these proteins attenuated the effect of miR-29. In addition, enhanced expression of miR-29 resulted in the loss of mitochondrial potential and the release of cytochrome c to cytoplasm, suggesting that miR-29 may promote apoptosis through a mitochondrial pathway that involves Mcl-1 and Bcl-2. Our data highlight an important role of miR-29 in the regulation of apoptosis and in the molecular etiology of HCC, and implicate the potential application of miR-29 in prognosis prediction and in cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Let-7b-mediated suppression of basigin expression and metastasis in mouse melanoma cells. Abstract: Basigin (Bsg), also called extracellular matrix metalloproteinase inducer (EMMPRIN), is highly expressed on the surface of tumor cells and stimulates adjacent fibroblasts or tumor cells to produce matrix metalloproteinases (mmps). It has been shown that Bsg plays an important role in growth, development, cell differentiation, and tumor progression. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of short endogenous non-protein coding RNAs of 20-25 nucleotides (nt) that function as post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression by base-pairing to their target mRNAs and thereby mediate cleavage of target mRNAs or translational repression. In this study, let-7b, one of the let-7 family members, was investigated for its effect on the growth and invasiveness of the mouse melanoma cell line B16-F10. We have shown that let-7b can suppress the expression of Bsg in B16-F10 cells and also provided evidence that this suppression could result in the indirect suppression of mmp-9. The ability of B16-F10 cells transfected with let-7b to invade or migrate was significantly reduced. In addition, let-7b transfected B16-F10 cells displayed an inhibition of both cellular proliferation and colony formation. Furthermore, it was shown that the overexpression of let-7b in B16-F10 cells could reduce lung metastasis. Taken together, the present study identifies let-7b as a tumor suppressor that represses cancer cell proliferation and migration as well as tumor metastasis in mouse melanoma cells."	0
"Title: Role of miR-15/16 in CLL. Abstract: B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is the most common adult leukemia. The most common chromosomal abnormalities detectable by cytogenetics include deletion at 13q (55%), 11q (18%), trisomy 12 (12-16%) and 17p (8%). In 2002, we discovered that a microRNA cluster miR-15a/miR-16-1 (miR-15/16) is the target of 13q deletions in CLL. MicroRNAs encoded by the miR-15/16 locus (miR-15 and miR-16) function as tumor suppressors. Expression of these miRNAs downregulated in CLL, melanoma, colorectal cancer, bladder cancer and other solid tumors. miR-15/16 cluster targets multiple oncogenes, including BCL2, Cyclin D1, MCL1 and others. The most important target of miR-15/16 in CLL is arguably BCL2, as BCL2 is overexpressed in almost all CLLs. In this review, we discuss the discovery, functions, clinical relevance and treatment opportunities related to miR-15/16."	0
"Title: TCL1 targeting miR-3676 is codeleted with tumor protein p53 in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Abstract: B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is the most common human leukemia and dysregulation of the T-cell leukemia/lymphoma 1 (TCL1) oncogene is a contributing event in the pathogenesis of the aggressive form of this disease based on transgenic mouse studies. To determine a role of microRNAs on the pathogenesis of the aggressive form of CLL we studied regulation of TCL1 expression in CLL by microRNAs. We identified miR-3676 as a regulator of TCL1 expression. We demonstrated that miR-3676 targets three consecutive 28-bp repeats within 3'UTR of TCL1 and showed that miR-3676 is a powerful inhibitor of TCL1. We further showed that miR-3676 expression is significantly down-regulated in four groups of CLL carrying the 11q deletions, 13q deletions, 17p deletions, or a normal karyotype compared with normal CD19(+) cord blood and peripheral blood B cells. In addition, the sequencing of 539 CLL samples revealed five germ-line mutations in six samples (1%) in miR-3676. Two of these mutations were loss-of-function mutations. Because miR-3676 is located at 17p13, only 500-kb centromeric of tumor protein p53 (Tp53), and is codeleted with Tp53, we propose that loss of miR-3676 causes high levels of TCL1 expression contributing to CLL progression."	0
"Title: Bcl-2 upregulation induced by miR-21 via a direct interaction is associated with apoptosis and chemoresistance in MIA PaCa-2 pancreatic cancer cells. Abstract: Bcl-2 was previously shown to be associated with apoptosis and chemoresistance and carry multiple regulating pathways. However, the roles and mechanisms of miRNA (miR)-21 in regulation of Bcl-2 in pancreatic cancer remain to be elucidated. The aim of this study was to explore the regulation of Bcl-2 expression by miR-21 and its impact on apoptosis, chemoresistance and growth of pancreatic cancer cells using a pancreatic cancer cell line, MIA PaCa-2. Methods: miR-21 mimics and inhibitor were transfected to MIA PaCa-2 pancreatic cancer cells, respectively. Alteration in Bcl-2/Bax expression was subsequently evaluated. Then, luciferase activity was observed after miR-21 mimics and pRL-TK plasmids containing wild-type and mutant 3'UTRs of Bcl-2 mRNA were co-transfected. Finally, apoptosis, chemosensitivity to gemcitabine and cell proliferation were evaluated. Results: Upregulation of Bcl-2 expression was detected in cells transfected with miR-21 mimics, accompanied by downregulated Bax expression, less apoptosis, lower caspase-3 activity, decreased chemosensitivity to gemcitabine and increased proliferation compared with the control cells. Cells transfected with miR-21 inhibitor revealed an opposite trend. There was a significant increase in luciferase activity in the cells transfected with the wild-type pRL-TK plasmid, in contrast to those transfected with the mutant one, indicating that miR-21 promotes Bcl-2 expression by binding directly to the 3'UTR of Bcl-2 mRNA. Conclusions: Upregulation of Bcl-2 directly induced by miR-21 is associated with apoptosis, chemoresistance and proliferation of MIA PaCa-2 pancreatic cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA profiles classify papillary renal cell carcinoma subtypes. Abstract: Besides the conventional clear-cell renal cell carcinoma (ccRCC), papillary RCC (pRCC) is the second most common renal malignancy. Papillary RCCs can further be subdivided into two distinct subtypes. Although a clinical relevance of pRCC subtyping has been shown, little is known about the molecular characteristics of both pRCC subtypes. Methods: We performed microarray-based microRNA (miRNA) expression profiling of primary ccRCC and pRCC cases. A subset of miRNAs was identified and used to establish a classification model for ccRCC, pRCC types 1 and 2 and normal tissue. Furthermore, we performed gene set enrichment analysis with the predicted miRNA target genes. Results: Only five miRNAs (miR-145, -200c, -210, -502-3p and let-7c) were sufficient to identify the samples with high accuracy. In a collection of 111 tissue samples, 73.9% were classified correctly. An enrichment of miRNA target genes in the family of multidrug-resistance proteins was noted in all tumours. Several components of the Jak-STAT signalling pathway might be targets for miRNAs that define pRCC tumour subtypes. Conclusion: MicroRNAs are able to accurately classify RCC samples. Deregulated miRNAs might contribute to the high chemotherapy resistance of RCC. Furthermore, our results indicate that pRCC type 2 tumours could be dependent on oncogenic MYC signalling."	0
"Title: Upregulation of p18Ink4c expression by oncogenic HPV E6 via p53-miR-34a pathway. Abstract: Binding of p53 to miR-34a promoter activates the expression of tumor-suppressive miR-34a. Oncogenic human papillomavirus (HPV) infection downregulates miR-34a expression through viral E6 degradation of p53. In our report, we found that miR-34a specifically targets p18Ink4c, a CDK4 and CDK6 inhibitor induced by E2F transactivation. HPV18(+) HeLa cells with ectopic miR-34a expression or by E6 siRNA knockdown-induced expression of endogenous miR-34a exhibited a substantial reduction of p18Ink4c in a dose-dependent manner, but had no effect on p16Ink4a, another member of CDK4/6 inhibitor family. In contrast, de novo infection by oncogenic HPVs of human keratinocyte-derived raft tissues increased p18Ink4c expression. Suppression of endogenous miR-34a in cell lines with a miR-34a inhibitor also increased p18Ink4c. We found that miR-34a suppresses the expression of p18Ink4c by binding to a specific seed match in the 5' UTR of p18Ink4c. Further investigation found remarkable increase of p18Ink4c in cervical precancer lesions and cervical cancer. Immunohistochemical staining of cervical tissue arrays showed increased expression of p18Ink4c in 68% of cervical cancer, 8.3% of chronic cervical inflammation and 4.8% of normal cervix. Although p18Ink4c inhibits cell proliferation in general and regulates E2F1 expression in HCT116 cells, it appears not to function as a tumor suppressor in cervical cancer cells lacking an intact G1 checkpoint because of viral E7 degradation of pRB. In summary, our study demonstrates an intimate connection among oncogenic HPV E6, p53, miR-34a and p18Ink4c and identifies p18Ink4c as a possible biomarker for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Biodegradable nanoparticles for drug and gene delivery to cells and tissue. Abstract: Biodegradable nanoparticles formulated from poly (D,L-lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA) have been extensively investigated for sustained and targeted/localized delivery of different agents including plasmid DNA, proteins and peptides and low molecular weight compounds. Research about the mechanism of intracellular uptake of nanoparticles, their trafficking and sorting into different intracellular compartments, and the mechanism of enhanced therapeutic efficacy of nanoparticle-encapsulated agent at cellular level is more recent and is the primary focus of the review. Recent studies in our laboratory demonstrated rapid escape of PLGA nanoparticles from the endo-lysosomal compartment into cytosol following their uptake. Based on the above mechanism, various potential applications of nanoparticles for delivery of therapeutic agents to the cells and tissue are discussed."	0
"Title: Re-evaluation of the roles of DROSHA, Export in 5, and DICER in microRNA biogenesis. Abstract: Biogenesis of canonical microRNAs (miRNAs) involves multiple steps: nuclear processing of primary miRNA (pri-miRNA) by DROSHA, nuclear export of precursor miRNA (pre-miRNA) by Export in 5 (XPO5), and cytoplasmic processing of pre-miRNA by DICER. To gain a deeper understanding of the contribution of each of these maturation steps, we deleted DROSHA, XPO5, and DICER in the same human cell line, and analyzed their effects on miRNA biogenesis. Canonical miRNA production was completely abolished in DROSHA-deleted cells, whereas we detected a few DROSHA-independent miRNAs including three previously unidentified noncanonical miRNAs (miR-7706, miR-3615, and miR-1254). In contrast to DROSHA knockout, many canonical miRNAs were still detected without DICER albeit at markedly reduced levels. In the absence of DICER, pre-miRNAs are loaded directly onto AGO and trimmed at the 3' end, yielding miRNAs from the 5' strand (5p miRNAs). Interestingly, in XPO5 knockout cells, most miRNAs are affected only modestly, suggesting that XPO5 is necessary but not critical for miRNA maturation. Our study demonstrates an essential role of DROSHA and an important contribution of DICER in the canonical miRNA pathway, and reveals that the function of XPO5 can be complemented by alternative mechanisms. Thus, this study allows us to understand differential contributions of key biogenesis factors, and provides with valuable resources for miRNA research."	0
"Title: miRNAs and rheumatoid arthritis - promising novel biomarkers. Abstract: Biomarkers are indicators of biological conditions that can be detected and measured in body fluids or tissues. Biomarkers can be detectable before the clinical onset of the disease, and are thus useful for prognosis; they can be measured at early stages of the disease and are useful for stratification and classification of the disease and patients; they can be monitored along the disease course and used as indicators of risk factors and pharmacological response to treatment. Ideally, biomarkers should be sensitive, specific, have high predictive power, and be easily accessible. Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is the most frequent chronic inflammatory disorder, affecting millions of people worldwide and leading to joint damage and substantial morbidity. RA is a heterogeneous disorder with a fluctuating clinical course and unpredictable prognosis. And although a large panel of biologics is available to clinicians, the main challenge remains to treat patients as early as possible with the most personalised therapy. Today, the most challenging issue in RA is the identification of biomarkers for early disease diagnosis and for prediction of drug response. Among molecules that can fulfil this expectation, micro(mi)-RNAs certainly represent an option. The potential value of miRNAs as a novel class of biomarkers is well documented in cancer. Moreover, the presence and stability of miRNAs in body fluids provide fingerprints that can serve as molecular biomarkers for disease diagnosis and therapeutic outcome. As a growing body of evidences reveals abnormal expression of specific miRNAs in RA tissues, the use of a blood-based miRNA signature for optimal diagnosis and treatment becomes a realistic option."	0
"Title: The potential diagnostic value of serum microRNA signature in patients with pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Biomarkers for early diagnosis of patients with pancreatic cancer (PC) are needed. Our aim was to identify panels of miRNAs in serum in combination with CA 19-9 for use in the diagnosis of PC. Four hundred seventeen patients with PC were included prospectively from Denmark (n = 306) and Germany (n = 111). Controls included 59 patients with chronic pancreatitis (CP) and 248 healthy subjects (HS). MiRNAs were analyzed in pretreatment serum samples from 3 cohorts: discovery cohort (754 human miRNAs, TaqMan(®) Human MicroRNA assay, Applied Biosystem; PC n = 133, controls n = 72); training cohort (34 miRNAs, real-time qPCR using the Fluidigm BioMark System; PC n = 198, controls n = 184); validation cohort (13 miRNAs, real-time qPCR using the Fluidigm BioMark System; PC n = 86, controls n = 51). We found that 34 miRNAs in serum from PC patients in the discovery cohort were expressed differently than in controls. These miRNAs were tested in the training cohort, and four diagnostic panels were constructed that included 5 or 12 miRNAs (miR-16, -18a, -20a, -24, -25, -27a, -29c, -30a.5p, -191, -323.3p, -345 and -483.5p). Diagnostic accuracy of detecting PC in the training cohort was AUC (Index I 0.85; II 0.87; III 0.85; IV 0.95; CA 19-9 0.93); specificity (I 0.71; II 0.76; III 0.66; IV 0.90 (fixed sensitivity at 0.85); CA 19-9 0.93). Combining serum CA 19-9 and Index II best discriminated Stages I and II PC from HS [AUC 0.93 (0.90-0.96), sensitivity 0.77 (0.69-0.84), specificity 0.94 (0.90-0.96) and accuracy 0.88 (0.84-0.91)]. In conclusion, we identified four diagnostic panels based on 5 or 12 miRNAs in serum that could distinguish patients with PC from HS and CP."	0
"Title: MicroRNA biomarkers in whole blood for detection of pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Biomarkers for the early diagnosis of patients with pancreatic cancer are needed to improve prognosis. Objectives: To describe differences in microRNA expression in whole blood between patients with pancreatic cancer, chronic pancreatitis, and healthy participants and to identify panels of microRNAs for use in diagnosis of pancreatic cancer compared with the cancer antigen 19-9 (CA19-9). Design, setting, and participants: A case-control study that included 409 patients with pancreatic cancer and 25 with chronic pancreatitis who had been included prospectively in the Danish BIOPAC (Biomarkers in Patients with Pancreatic Cancer) study (July 2008-October 2012) plus 312 blood donors as healthy participants. The microRNA expressions in pretreatment whole blood RNA samples were collected and analyzed in 3 randomly determined subcohorts: discovery cohort (143 patients with pancreatic cancer, 18 patients with chronic pancreatitis, and 69 healthy participants), training cohort (180 patients with pancreatic cancer, 1 patient with chronic pancreatitis, and 199 healthy participants), and validation cohort (86 patients with pancreatic cancer, 7 patients with chronic pancreatitis, and 44 healthy participants); 754 microRNAs were screened in the discovery cohort and 38 microRNAs in the training cohort and 13 microRNAs in the validation cohort. Main outcomes and measures: Identification of microRNA panels (classifiers) for diagnosing pancreatic cancer. Results: The discovery cohort demonstrated that 38 microRNAs in whole blood were significantly dysregulated in patients with pancreatic cancer compared with controls. These microRNAs were tested in the training cohort and 2 diagnostic panels were constructed comprising 4 microRNAs in index I (miR-145, miR-150, miR-223, miR-636) and 10 in index II (miR-26b, miR-34a, miR-122, miR-126*, miR-145, miR-150, miR-223, miR-505, miR-636, miR-885.5p). The test characteristics for the training cohort were index I area under the curve (AUC) of 0.86 (95% CI, 0.82-0.90), sensitivity of 0.85 (95% CI, 0.79-0.90), and specificity of 0.64 (95% CI, 0.57-0.71); index II AUC of 0.93 (95% CI, 0.90-0.96), sensitivity of 0.85 (95% CI, 0.79-0.90), and specificity of 0.85 (95% CI, 0.80-0.85); and CA19-9 AUC of 0.90 (95% CI, 0.87-0.94), sensitivity of 0.86 (95% CI, 0.80-0.90), and specificity of 0.99 (95% CI, 0.96-1.00). Performances were strengthened in the validation cohort by combining panels and CA19-9 (index I AUC of 0.94 [95% CI, 0.90-0.98] and index II AUC of 0.93 [95% CI, 0.89-0.97]). Compared with CA19-9 alone, the AUC for the combination of index I and CA19-9 was significantly higher (P = .01). The performance of the panels in patients with stage IA-IIB pancreatic cancer was index I AUC of 0.80 (95% CI, 0.73-0.87); index I and CA19-9 AUC of 0.83 (95% CI, 0.76-0.90); index II AUC of 0.91 (95% CI, 0.87-0.94); and index II and CA19-9 AUC of 0.91 (95% CI, 0.86-0.95). Conclusions and relevance: This study identified 2 diagnostic panels based on microRNA expression in whole blood with the potential to distinguish patients with pancreatic cancer from healthy controls. Further research is necessary to understand whether these have clinical implications for early detection of pancreatic cancer and how much this information adds to serum CA19-9."	0
"Title: Combining two strategies to improve perfusion and drug delivery in solid tumors. Abstract: Blood perfusion in tumors can be significantly lower than that in the surrounding normal tissue owing to the leakiness and/or compression of tumor blood vessels. Impaired perfusion reduces oxygen supply and results in a hypoxic microenvironment. Hypoxia promotes tumor progression and immunosuppression, and enhances the invasive and metastatic potential of cancer cells. Furthermore, poor perfusion lowers the delivery of systemically administered drugs. Therapeutic strategies to improve perfusion include reduction in vascular permeability by vascular normalization and vascular decompression by alleviating physical forces (solid stress) inside tumors. Both strategies have shown promise, but guidelines on how to use these strategies optimally are lacking. To this end, we developed a mathematical model to guide the optimal use of these strategies. The model accounts for vascular, transvascular, and interstitial fluid and drug transport as well as the diameter and permeability of tumor vessels. Model simulations reveal an optimal perfusion region when vessels are uncompressed, but not very leaky. Within this region, intratumoral distribution of drugs is optimized, particularly for drugs 10 nm in diameter or smaller and of low binding affinity. Therefore, treatments should modify vessel diameter and/or permeability such that perfusion is optimal. Vascular normalization is more effective for hyperpermeable but largely uncompressed vessels (e.g., glioblastomas), whereas solid stress alleviation is more beneficial for compressed but less-permeable vessels (e.g., pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas). In the case of tumors with hyperpermeable and compressed vessels (e.g., subset of mammary carcinomas), the two strategies need to be combined for improved treatment outcomes."	0
"Title: BM mesenchymal stromal cell-derived exosomes facilitate multiple myeloma progression. Abstract: BM mesenchymal stromal cells (BM-MSCs) support multiple myeloma (MM) cell growth, but little is known about the putative mechanisms by which the BM microenvironment plays an oncogenic role in this disease. Cell-cell communication is mediated by exosomes. In this study, we showed that MM BM-MSCs release exosomes that are transferred to MM cells, thereby resulting in modulation of tumor growth in vivo. Exosomal microRNA (miR) content differed between MM and normal BM-MSCs, with a lower content of the tumor suppressor miR-15a. In addition, MM BM-MSC-derived exosomes had higher levels of oncogenic proteins, cytokines, and adhesion molecules compared with exosomes from the cells of origin. Importantly, whereas MM BM-MSC-derived exosomes promoted MM tumor growth, normal BM-MSC exosomes inhibited the growth of MM cells. In summary, these in vitro and in vivo studies demonstrated that exosome transfer from BM-MSCs to clonal plasma cells represents a previously undescribed and unique mechanism that highlights the contribution of BM-MSCs to MM disease progression."	0
"Title: Efficient delivery of micro RNA to bone-metastatic prostate tumors by using aptamer-conjugated atelocollagen in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Bone is the primary site of skeletal metastasis in prostate cancer (PCa). Atelocollagen (ATE)-mediated siRNA delivery system can be used to silence endogenous genes involved in PCa metastatic tumor cell growth. However, we hope that the delivery system can target PCa cells to reduce damage to the bone tissue and improve the therapeutic effect. RNA aptamer (APT) A10-3.2 has been used as a ligand to target PCa cells that express prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA). APT was investigated as a PSMA-targeting ligand in the design of an ATE-based microRNA (miRNA; miR-15a and miR-16-1) vector to PCa bone metastasis. To observe the targeted delivery and transfection efficiency of ATE-APT in PSMA-overexpressing cells, luciferase activity and biodistribution of nanoparticles in Balb/c mice was analyzed. The anticancer effect of nanoparticles in vivo was investigated using the survival times of human PCa bone metastasis mice model. Luciferase assays of pGL-3 expression against PC3 (PSMA(-)) and LNCaP (PSMA(+)) cells showed that the transfection efficiency of the synthesized DNA/ATE-APT complex was higher than that of the DNA/ATE complex. The anticancer efficacy of miRNA/ATE-APT was superior to those of other treatments in vivo. This PSMA-targeted system may prove useful in widening the therapeutic window and allow for selective killing of PCa cells in bone metastatic foci."	0
"Title: Innovative strategy for microRNA delivery in human mesenchymal stem cells via magnetic nanoparticles. Abstract: Bone marrow derived human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) show promising potential in regeneration of defective tissue. Recently, gene silencing strategies using microRNAs (miR) emerged with the aim to expand the therapeutic potential of hMSCs. However, researchers are still searching for effective miR delivery methods for clinical applications. Therefore, we aimed to develop a technique to efficiently deliver miR into hMSCs with the help of a magnetic non-viral vector based on cationic polymer polyethylenimine (PEI) bound to iron oxide magnetic nanoparticles (MNP). We tested different magnetic complex compositions and determined uptake efficiency and cytotoxicity by flow cytometry. Additionally, we monitored the release, processing and functionality of delivered miR-335 with confocal laser scanning microscopy, real-time PCR and live cell imaging, respectively. On this basis, we established parameters for construction of magnetic non-viral vectors with optimized uptake efficiency (~75%) and moderate cytotoxicity in hMSCs. Furthermore, we observed a better transfection performance of magnetic complexes compared to PEI complexes 72 h after transfection. We conclude that MNP-mediated transfection provides a long term effect beneficial for successful genetic modification of stem cells. Hence, our findings may become of great importance for future in vivo applications."	0
"Title: MiR-1180 from bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells induces glycolysis and chemoresistance in ovarian cancer cells by upregulating the Wnt signaling pathway. Abstract: Bone marrow-derived mesenchymal stem cells (BM-MSCs) play an important role in cancer development and progression. However, the mechanism by which they enhance the chemoresistance of ovarian cancer is unknown. Methods: Conditioned media of BM-MSCs (BM-MSC-CM) were analyzed using a technique based on microRNA arrays. The most highly expressed microRNAs were selected for testing their effects on glycolysis and chemoresistance in SKOV3 and COC1 ovarian cancer cells. The targeted gene and related signaling pathway were investigated using in silico analysis and in vitro cancer cell models. Kaplan-Merier survival analysis was performed on a population of 59 patients enrolled to analyze the clinical significance of microRNA findings in the prognosis of ovarian cancer. Results: MiR-1180 was the most abundant microRNA detected in BM-MSC-CM, which simultaneously induces glycolysis and chemoresistance (against cisplatin) in ovarian cancer cells. The secreted frizzled-related protein 1 (SFRP1) gene was identified as a major target of miR-1180. The overexpression of miR-1180 led to the activation of Wnt signaling and its downstream components, namely Wnt5a, ?-catenin, c-Myc, and CyclinD1, which are responsible for glycolysis-induced chemoresistance. The miR-1180 level was inversely correlated with SFRP1 mRNA expression in ovarian cancer tissue. The overexpressed miR-1180 was associated with a poor prognosis for the long-term (96-month) survival of ovarian cancer patients. Conclusions: BM-MSCs enhance the chemoresistance of ovarian cancer by releasing miR-1180. The released miR-1180 activates the Wnt signaling pathway in cancer cells by targeting SFRP1. The enhanced Wnt signaling upregulates the glycolytic level (i.e. Warburg effect), which reinforces the chemoresistance property of ovarian cancer cells."	0
"Title: The MicroRNA miR-124 promotes neuronal differentiation by triggering brain-specific alternative pre-mRNA splicing. Abstract: Both microRNAs and alternative pre-mRNA splicing have been implicated in the development of the nervous system (NS), but functional interactions between these two pathways are poorly understood. We demonstrate that the neuron-specific microRNA miR-124 directly targets PTBP1 (PTB/hnRNP I) mRNA, which encodes a global repressor of alternative pre-mRNA splicing in nonneuronal cells. Among the targets of PTBP1 is a critical cassette exon in the pre-mRNA of PTBP2 (nPTB/brPTB/PTBLP), an NS-enriched PTBP1 homolog. When this exon is skipped, PTBP2 mRNA is subject to nonsense-mediated decay (NMD). During neuronal differentiation, miR-124 reduces PTBP1 levels, leading to the accumulation of correctly spliced PTBP2 mRNA and a dramatic increase in PTBP2 protein. These events culminate in the transition from non-NS to NS-specific alternative splicing patterns. We also present evidence that miR-124 plays a key role in the differentiation of progenitor cells to mature neurons. Thus, miR-124 promotes NS development, at least in part by regulating an intricate network of NS-specific alternative splicing."	0
"Title: The role of branched polyesters and their modifications in the development of modern drug delivery vehicles. Abstract: Branched polyesters consisting of poly (vinyl alcohol) (PVA) grafted with chains of poly (lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PLGA) represent a new class of biodegradable polymers showing significant potential for the development of a variety of drug delivery vehicles. The amphiphilic character and the resulting increase in hydrophilicity of this class of polymers provide advantages when packaging sensitive drug molecules, such as proteins, peptides or DNA. Furthermore, the PVA backbone can be modified, for example, with sulfobutyl moieties or amine structures, to create polymers with negative or positive charges. The ability to modify not only the backbone but also the length of the PLGA side chains results in an extremely flexible polymer system, which can be adapted to meet the needs of almost any drug substance. Further, the rate of biodegradation may also be manipulated through polymer modification to achieve half-lives ranging from several hours to several weeks. This review provides an overview of the three major groups of branched polyesters based upon poly (vinyl alcohol)-grafted poly (lactic-co-glycolic acid) (PVA-g-PLGA), namely, the neutrally charged PVA-g-PLGA, the negatively charged sulfobutyl-modified PVA-g-PLGA and the positively charged amine-modified PVA-g-PLGA, as well as their use in various drug delivery systems."	0
"Title: Restoration of miR-143 expression could inhibit migration and growth of MDA-MB-468 cells through down-regulating the expression of invasion-related factors. Abstract: Breast adenocarcinoma is the second common cancer in women the incidence of which is increasing in many countries, especially in developing companies. In this study, miRNA143 has been replaced by vector based microRNA-143 in breast adenocarcinoma cells (MDA-MB-468) and its anti-cancer effects on breast adenocarcinoma cells have been evaluated. Methods: The pCMV-MIR-143 vector was transfected into MDA-MB-468 cells via JetPEI transfection reagent. The transfected cells were selected by IC50 concentration of Geneticin antibiotic (G418) after a 2-week treatment. To evaluate the effect of miR-143 on the inhibition of migration, scratch wound healing assay was performed. Then, the expression level of miR-143, Kras, Vimentin, CXCR4, MMP9 and E-Cadherin were measured by the qRT-PCR method. Results: Results of MTT and wound healing assays showed that miR-143 inhibited cell growth and cell migration in miR-143 induced cell line compared with control group. The result of gene expression showed that miR-143 reduced Kras, Vimentin, CXCR4 and MMP9 expression, and increased E-Cadherin expression in miR-143 replaced cells compared to control cells. Conclusion: The results showed that miRNA-143 plays an important role in cell growth and migration during breast cancer development and metastasis and it can be a candidate as a therapeutic molecule in microRNA replacement therapy of breast adenocarcinoma."	0
"Title: MiRNA regulates OCT4 expression in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Breast cancer cell infiltration, migration, and proliferation significantly affect its curative effect. Stemness gene octamer-binding transcription factor 4 (OCT4) upregulated in breast cancer tissue compared with normal control. MiRNA exhibits regulatory role in gene expression. This study adopted bioinformatics to predict the miRNA to regulate OCT4 gene and investigated its impact on breast cancer cell infiltration, migration, and proliferation. Materials and methods: MirBase database was analyzed to explore the potential miRNA in regulating OCT4 based on human OCT4 gene sequence. MiRNA mimics and inhibitor were synthetized and transfected to BS524 cells. qRT-PCR was applied to test miRNA and OCT4 mRNA expressions in cells at 12 h, 24 h, and 48 h after transfection. Western blot was selected to detect OCT4 protein expression. 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay was selected to determine cell proliferation. Scratch assay was adopted to evaluate cell migration. Transwell assay was used to analyze cell infiltration. Results: MiR-145 may regulate OCT4 gene with score 82. OCT4 mRNA and protein increased at 12 h after transfection (p > 0.05). OCR4 gene significantly upregulated, cell proliferation, migration, and infiltration enhanced by miR-145 transfection compared with control (p < 0.05). OCT4 gene downregulated, while cell proliferation, infiltration, and migration markedly weakened in miR-145 inhibitor group compared with control (p < 0.05). Conclusions: MiR-145 affects breast cancer BS524 cell proliferation, infiltration, and migration via positively regulating OCT4 gene expression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA signatures predict oestrogen receptor, progesterone receptor and HER2/neu receptor status in breast cancer. Abstract: Breast cancer is a heterogeneous disease encompassing a number of phenotypically diverse tumours. Expression levels of the oestrogen, progesterone and HER2/neu receptors which characterize clinically distinct breast tumours have been shown to change during disease progression and in response to systemic therapies. Mi(cro)RNAs play critical roles in diverse biological processes and are aberrantly expressed in several human neoplasms including breast cancer, where they function as regulators of tumour behaviour and progression. The aims of this study were to identify miRNA signatures that accurately predict the oestrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and HER2/neu receptor status of breast cancer patients to provide insight into the regulation of breast cancer phenotypes and progression. Methods: Expression profiling of 453 miRNAs was performed in 29 early-stage breast cancer specimens. miRNA signatures associated with ER, PR and HER2/neu status were generated using artificial neural networks (ANN), and expression of specific miRNAs was validated using RQ-PCR. Results: Stepwise ANN analysis identified predictive miRNA signatures corresponding with oestrogen (miR-342, miR-299, miR-217, miR-190, miR-135b, miR-218), progesterone (miR-520g, miR-377, miR-527-518a, miR-520f-520c) and HER2/neu (miR-520d, miR-181c, miR-302c, miR-376b, miR-30e) receptor status. MiR-342 and miR-520g expression was further analysed in 95 breast tumours. MiR-342 expression was highest in ER and HER2/neu-positive luminal B tumours and lowest in triple-negative tumours. MiR-520g expression was elevated in ER and PR-negative tumours. Conclusions: This study demonstrates that ANN analysis reliably identifies biologically relevant miRNAs associated with specific breast cancer phenotypes. The association of specific miRNAs with ER, PR and HER2/neu status indicates a role for these miRNAs in disease classification of breast cancer. Decreased expression of miR-342 in the therapeutically challenging triple-negative breast tumours, increased miR-342 expression in the luminal B tumours, and downregulated miR-520g in ER and PR-positive tumours indicates that not only is dysregulated miRNA expression a marker for poorer prognosis breast cancer, but that it could also present an attractive target for therapeutic intervention."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 regulates cell survival, growth, and chemosensitivity by targeting FOXO3a in breast cancer. Abstract: Breast cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in women. Despite improvement in treatment over the past few decades, there is an urgent need for development of targeted therapies. miR-155 (microRNA-155) is frequently up-regulated in breast cancer. In this study, we demonstrate the critical role of miR-155 in regulation of cell survival and chemosensitivity through down-regulation of FOXO3a in breast cancer. Ectopic expression of miR-155 induces cell survival and chemoresistance to multiple agents, whereas knockdown of miR-155 renders cells to apoptosis and enhances chemosensitivity. Further, we identified FOXO3a as a direct target of miR-155. Sustained overexpression of miR-155 resulted in repression of FOXO3a protein without changing mRNA levels, and knockdown of miR-155 increases FOXO3a. Introduction of FOXO3a cDNA lacking the 3'-untranslated region abrogates miR-155-induced cell survival and chemoresistance. Finally, inverse correlation between miR-155 and FOXO3a levels were observed in a panel of breast cancer cell lines and tumors. In conclusion, our study reveals a molecular link between miR-155 and FOXO3a and presents evidence that miR-155 is a critical therapeutic target in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Breast cancer metastasis suppressor 1 up-regulates miR-146, which suppresses breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: Breast cancer metastasis suppressor 1 (BRMS1) is a predominantly nuclear protein that differentially regulates expression of multiple genes, leading to suppression of metastasis without blocking orthotopic tumor growth in multiple human and murine cancer cells of diverse origins. We hypothesized that miR-146 may be involved in the ability of BRMS1 to supress metastasis because miR-146 expression is altered by BRMS1 and because BRMS1 and miR-146 are both associated with decreased signaling through the nuclear factor-kappaB pathway. BRMS1 significantly up-regulates miR-146a by 6- to 60-fold in metastatic MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-435 cells, respectively, and miR-146b by 40-fold in MDA-MB-435 as measured by real-time quantitative reverse transcription-PCR. Transduction of miR-146a or miR-146b into MDA-MB-231 down-regulated expression of epidermal growth factor receptor, inhibited invasion and migration in vitro, and suppressed experimental lung metastasis by 69% and 84%, respectively (mean +/- SE: empty vector = 39 +/- 6, miR-146a = 12 +/- 1, miR-146b = 6 +/- 1). These results further support the recent notion that modulating the levels of miR-146a or miR-146b could have a therapeutic potential to suppress breast cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: Early events and implication of F-actin and annexin I associated structures in the phagocytic uptake of Brucella suis by the J-774A.1 murine cell line and human monocytes. Abstract: Brucella spp. are facultative, intracellular pathogenic bacteria that cause brucellosis, a zoonosis affecting mammalian species. Brucella entry into myelomonocytic cell lines is highly enhanced by opsonization. Few studies have been undertaken to unravel the first interactions between these bacteria and their host cells. This paper deals with early events following contact of Brucella suis with the J-774A.1 phagocytic cell line and differentiated monocytes. Phagocytic uptake of bacteria was documented under a fluorescence microscope using GFP-expressing B. suis. Unlike entry in the J-774A. 1 cell line, non-opsonized Brucella entered differentiated human monocytes as efficiently as opsonized bacteria. However, following 1 h infections, a mean of only three bacteria were phagocytized and the whole monocyte population was only infected after a 4 h infection. Contact of non-opsonized Brucella with phagocytes did not induce marked structural changes at the cell surface, as revealed by scanning electron microscopy. Contact of Brucella (opsonized or not) elicited transient local recruitment of F-actin, revealed by phalloidin labelling, and of annexin I-associated structures, revealed by immunofluorescence staining. Finally, bacteria appeared to be rapidly internalized in monocytes once they had adhered to the cell surface. A low percentage of infected cells and few adhered and/or internalized bacteria following short-term infections could have resulted either from the fact that there were few sites of entry or the weak bacterial initial interactions with the host-cell membrane or the bacterial receptor."	0
"Title: Histone deacetylase inhibitor prevents cell growth in Burkitt's lymphoma by regulating PI3K/Akt pathways and leads to upregulation of miR-143, miR-145, and miR-101. Abstract: Burkitt lymphoma (BL) is an aggressive B-cell lymphoma more common in children comprising one third of pediatric non-Hodgkin lymphoma cases. The recent discovery in BL pathogenesis highlighted the activation of PI3K pathway in cooperation with Myc in the development of BL. In this study, we demonstrated that PI3K/Akt pathway is a target to histone deacetylase inhibitor (HDACi) in BL cells. The combination of HDACi (sodium butyrate, NaB) and chemotherapy (VP-16) inhibited 51 % of the proliferation and enhanced the blockage of the cell cycle progression at G2/M with a concurrent decrease in the S phase. Microarray profiling showed a synergistic action of NaB/VP-16 combination through the differential regulation of 1,413 genes. Comparing VP-16 treatment with the NaB/VP-16 combination, 318 genes were deregulated: 250 genes were downregulated, and 68 were upregulated when compared with untreated cells. Among these genes, six (CDKN1A, CCND1, FAS, CHEK2, MDM4, and SESN2) belong to the p53-signaling pathway. The activation of this signaling pathway is usually induced by stress signals and ultimately leads to cell cycle arrest. Besides, the inhibition of the cell growth was related to reduced Akt phosphorylation, and decrease of c-Myc protein expression by about 60 % (p ? 0.005). Moreover, HDACi enhanced miR-101, miR-143, and miR-145 levels in BL cell line, which were inversely associated with the levels of miR-101, miR-143, and miR-145 found to be extremely downregulated in the sample of BL patients. We highlight the fact that effective combinations of HDACis with other target drugs could improve BL therapy in the future."	0
"Title: The C. elegans microRNA let-7 binds to imperfect let-7 complementary sites from the lin-41 3'UTR. Abstract: Caenorhabditis elegans let-7, a founding member of the microRNA family, is predicted to bind to six sites in the 3'UTR of the mRNA of its target gene, lin-41, to down-regulate LIN-41. Here, we demonstrate that wild-type let-7 microRNA binds in vitro to RNA from the lin-41 3'UTR. This interaction is dependent on two conserved let-7 complementary sites (LCSs). A 27-nucleotide sequence between the LCSs is also necessary for down-regulation in vivo. LCS mutations compensatory to the lesion in let-7(n2853) can partially restore lin-41 3'UTR function in a let-7(n2853) background, providing the first experimental evidence for an animal miRNA binding directly to its validated target in vivo."	0
"Title: Aptamer-mediated cancer gene therapy. Abstract: Cancer as a genetic disorder is one of the leading causes of death worldwide. Conventional anticancer options such as chemo- and/or radio-therapy have their own drawbacks and could not provide a cure in most cases at present. More effective therapeutic strategies with less side effects are urgently needed. Aptamers, also known as chemical antibodies, are single strand DNA or RNA molecules that can bind to their target molecules with high affinity and specificity. Such site-specific binding ability of aptamers facilitates the delivery and interaction of exogenous nucleic acids with diseased genes. Thus, aptamer-guided gene therapy has emerged as a promising anticancer strategy in addition to the classic treatment regimen. Aptamers can directly deliver anti-cancer nucleic acids, e.g. small interfering RNA, micro RNA, antimicroRNA and small hairpin RNA, to cancer cells or function as a targeting ligand to guide nanoparticles containing therapeutic nucleic acids. This review focuses on recent progress in aptamer-mediated gene therapy for the treatment of hepatocellular carcinoma and other types of cancers, shedding light on the potential of this novel approach of targeted cancer gene therapy."	0
"Title: Ubiquitous Release of Exosomal Tumor Suppressor miR-6126 from Ovarian Cancer Cells. Abstract: Cancer cells actively promote their tumorigenic behavior by reprogramming gene expression. Loading intraluminal vesicles with specific miRNAs and releasing them into the tumor microenvironment as exosomes is one mechanism of reprogramming whose regulation remains to be elucidated. Here, we report that miR-6126 is ubiquitously released in high abundance from both chemosensitive and chemoresistant ovarian cancer cells via exosomes. Overexpression of miR-6126 was confirmed in healthy ovarian tissue compared with ovarian cancer patient samples and correlated with better overall survival in patients with high-grade serous ovarian cancer. miR-6126 acted as a tumor suppressor by directly targeting integrin-?1, a key regulator of cancer cell metastasis. miR-6126 mimic treatment of cancer cells resulted in increased miR-6126 and decreased integrin-?1 mRNA levels in the exosome. Functional analysis showed that treatment of endothelial cells with miR-6126 mimic significantly reduced tube formation as well as invasion and migration capacities of ovarian cancer cells in vitro Administration of miR-6126 mimic in an orthotopic mouse model of ovarian cancer elicited a relative reduction in tumor growth, proliferating cells, and microvessel density. miR-6126 inhibition promoted oncogenic behavior by leading ovarian cancer cells to release more exosomes. Our findings provide new insights into the role of exosomal miRNA-mediated tumor progression and suggest a new therapeutic approach to disrupt oncogenic phenotypes in tumors. Cancer Res; 76(24); 7194-207. ©2016 AACR."	0
"Title: Expression of microRNA-146 suppresses NF-kappaB activity with reduction of metastatic potential in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Cancer cells often acquire a constitutively active nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-kappaB) program to promote survival, proliferation and metastatic potential by mechanisms that remain largely unknown. Extending observations from an immunologic setting, we demonstrate that microRNA-146a and microRNA-146b (miR-146a/b) when expressed in the highly metastatic human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 function to negatively regulate NF-kappaB activity. Lentiviral-mediated expression of miR-146a/b significantly downregulated interleukin (IL)-1 receptor-associated kinase and TNF receptor-associated factor 6, two key adaptor/scaffold proteins in the IL-1 and Toll-like receptor signaling pathway, known to positively regulate NF-kappaB activity. Impaired NF-kappaB activity was evident from reduced phosphorylation of the NF-kappaB inhibitor IkappaBalpha, reduced NF-kappaB DNA-binding activity and suppressed expression of the NF-kappaB target genes IL-8, IL-6 and matrix metalloproteinase-9. Functionally, miR-146a/b-expressing MDA-MB-231 cells showed markedly impaired invasion and migration capacity relative to control cells. These findings implicate miR-146a/b as a negative regulator of constitutive NF-kappaB activity in a breast cancer setting and suggest that modulating miR-146a/b levels has therapeutic potential to suppress breast cancer metastases."	0
"Title: A novel miR-155/miR-143 cascade controls glycolysis by regulating hexokinase 2 in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Cancer cells preferentially metabolize glucose through aerobic glycolysis. This phenomenon, known as the Warburg effect, is an anomalous characteristic of glucose metabolism in cancer cells. Chronic inflammation is a key promoting factor of tumourigenesis. It remains, however, largely unexplored whether and how pro-tumourigenic inflammation regulates glucose metabolism in cancer cells. Here, we show that pro-inflammatory cytokines promote glycolysis in breast cancer cells, and that the inflammation-induced miR-155 functions as an important mediator in this process. We further show that miR-155 acts to upregulate hexokinase 2 (hk2), through two distinct mechanisms. First, miR-155 promotes hk2 transcription by activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3), a transcriptional activator for hk2. Second, via targeting C/EBP? (a transcriptional activator for mir-143), miR-155 represses mir-143, a negative regulator of hk2, thus resulting in upregulation of hk2 expression at the post-transcriptional level. The miR-155-mediated hk2 upregulation also appears to operate in other types of cancer cells examined. We suggest that the miR-155/miR-143/HK2 axis may represent a common mechanism linking inflammation to the altered metabolism in cancer cells."	0
"Title: Ultra-sensitive liquid biopsy of circulating extracellular vesicles using ExoScreen. Abstract: Cancer cells secrete small membranous extracellular vesicles (EVs) into their microenvironment and circulation. Although their potential as cancer biomarkers has been promising, the identification and quantification of EVs in clinical samples remains challenging. Here we describe a sensitive and rapid analytical technique for profiling circulating EVs directly from blood samples of patients with colorectal cancer. EVs are captured by two types of antibodies and are detected by photosensitizer-beads, which enables us to detect cancer-derived EVs without a purification step. We also show that circulating EVs can be used for detection of colorectal cancer using the antigen CD147, which is embedded in cancer-linked EVs. This work describes a new liquid biopsy technique to sensitively detect disease-specific circulating EVs and provides perspectives in translational medicine from the standpoint of diagnosis and therapy."	0
"Title: Designing a gold nanoparticle-based nanocarrier for microRNA transfection into the prostate and breast cancer cells. Abstract: Cancer is one of the most common causes of human deaths worldwide. Nanotechnology has the potential to facilitate the detection, diagnosis, and treatment of cancer cases. Successful delivery of nucleic acids into cancer cells with the use of nanoparticles would be a significant improvement for medical and cellular biology. The use of nanoparticle-based vehicles in clinical treatment is considerably important for treating genetic disorders. Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) have been suggested as therapeutic delivery tools for cancer. Because microRNAs (miRNAs), which induce post-transcriptional gene silencing, are deregulated in cancer cells, they are also considered as strong candidates for cancer therapy applications. In prostate and breast cancer, miR-145, a well-known tumor suppressor miRNA, is strongly downregulated in tumor tissues compared to their corresponding normal tissues. Methods: In the present study, we aimed to use engineered AuNPs as nanocarrier platforms to deliver miRNAs to prostate/breast cancer cells. 13-nm AuNPs were modified with thiolated RNAs and then the miR-145 was hybridized to the RNAs that were chemically attached to the AuNPs. Results: The results obtained in the present study demonstrate the efficient delivery of miR-145 to prostate/breast cancer cells. We also show that delivery was more efficient when the AuNP-RNA-miRNA carrier complex was formed at an elevated temperature of 72 °C. Conclusions: In conclusion, we show that AuNPs help the effective in vitro delivery of miR-145 into cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-141 enhances anoikis resistance in metastatic progression of ovarian cancer through targeting KLF12/Sp1/survivin axis. Abstract: Cancer metastasis is determined by the formation of the metastatic niche and the ability of cancer cells to adapt to microenvironmental stresses. Anoikis resistance is a fundamental feature of metastatic cancer cell survival during metastatic cancer progression. However, the mechanisms underlying anoikis resistance in ovarian cancer are still unclear. Methods: Expressions of miRNA-141 and its downstream targets were evaluated by qPCR, Western blotting, Immunohistochemical (IHC) and in situ hybridization (ISH) assays. The luciferase assays were used to prove KLF12 as the downstream target of miR-141. The cDNA microarray and apoptotic protein arrays were used to identify the targets of miR-141 and KLF12. The competition of KLF12 and Sp1 on survivin promoter was examined by ChIP assay. IHC analysis on ovarian cancer tissue array was used to evaluate the expressions of KLF12 and miR-141 and to show the clinical relevance. The functional studies were performed by in vitro and in vivo tumorigenic assays. Results: Enforced expression of miR-141 promotes, while knockdown of miR-141 expression inhibits, cell proliferation, anchorage-independent capacity, anoikis resistance, tumor growth and peritoneal metastases of ovarian cancer cells. Bioinformatics and functional analysis identified that Kruppel-related zinc finger protein AP-2rep (KLF12) is directly targeted by miR-141. Consistent with this finding, knockdown of KLF12 phenocopied the effects of miR-141 overexpression in ovarian cancer cells. In contrast, restoration of KLF12 in miR-141-expressing cells significantly attenuated anoikis resistance in ovarian cancer cells via interfering with Sp1-mediated survivin transcription, which inhibits the intrinsic apoptotic pathway and is crucial for ovarian cancer cell survival, anoikis resistance and peritoneal metastases. Immunohistochemical (IHC) and in situ hybridization (ISH) assays confirmed that miRNA-141 expression is inversely correlated with KLF12 expression and significantly associated with advanced ovarian cancers accompanied with distal metastases, underscoring the clinical relevance of our findings. Conclusions: Our data identify a novel signaling axis of miR-141/KLF12/Sp1/survivin in enhancing anoikis resistance and likely serves as a potential therapeutic target for metastatic ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: The miR-200 family determines the epithelial phenotype of cancer cells by targeting the E-cadherin repressors ZEB1 and ZEB2. Abstract: Cancer progression has similarities with the process of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) found during embryonic development, during which cells down-regulate E-cadherin and up-regulate Vimentin expression. By evaluating the expression of 207 microRNAs (miRNAs) in the 60 cell lines of the drug screening panel maintained by the Nation Cancer Institute, we identified the miR-200 miRNA family as an extraordinary marker for cells that express E-cadherin but lack expression of Vimentin. These findings were extended to primary ovarian cancer specimens. miR-200 was found to directly target the mRNA of the E-cadherin transcriptional repressors ZEB1 (TCF8/deltaEF1) and ZEB2 (SMAD-interacting protein 1 [SIP1]/ZFXH1B). Ectopic expression of miR-200 caused up-regulation of E-cadherin in cancer cell lines and reduced their motility. Conversely, inhibition of miR-200 reduced E-cadherin expression, increased expression of Vimentin, and induced EMT. Our data identify miR-200 as a powerful marker and determining factor of the epithelial phenotype of cancer cells."	0
"Title: Pathways of proliferation and antiapoptosis driven in breast cancer stem cells by stem cell protein piwil2. Abstract: Cancer stem cell studies may improve understanding of tumor pathophysiology and identify more effective strategies for cancer treatment. In a variety of organisms, Piwil2 has been implicated in multiple roles including stem cell self-renewal, RNA silencing, and translational control. In this study, we documented specific expression of the stem cell protein Piwil2 in breast cancer with predominant expression in breast cancer stem cells. In patients who were evaluated, we determined that 90% of invasive carcinomas and 81% of carcinomas in situ exhibited highest expression of Piwil2. In breast cancer cells, Piwil2 silencing suppressed the expression of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3, a pivotal regulator of Bcl-X(L) and cyclin D1, whose downregulation paralleled a reduction in cell proliferation and survival. Our findings define Piwil2 and its effector signaling pathways as key factors in the proliferation and survival of breast cancer stem cells."	0
"Title: The microRNA miR-34a inhibits prostate cancer stem cells and metastasis by directly repressing CD44. Abstract: Cancer stem cells (CSCs), or tumor-initiating cells, are involved in tumor progression and metastasis. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate both normal stem cells and CSCs, and dysregulation of miRNAs has been implicated in tumorigenesis. CSCs in many tumors--including cancers of the breast, pancreas, head and neck, colon, small intestine, liver, stomach, bladder and ovary--have been identified using the adhesion molecule CD44, either individually or in combination with other marker(s). Prostate CSCs with enhanced clonogenic and tumor-initiating and metastatic capacities are enriched in the CD44(+) cell population, but whether miRNAs regulate CD44(+) prostate cancer cells and prostate cancer metastasis remains unclear. Here we show, through expression analysis, that miR-34a, a p53 target, was underexpressed in CD44(+) prostate cancer cells purified from xenograft and primary tumors. Enforced expression of miR-34a in bulk or purified CD44(+) prostate cancer cells inhibited clonogenic expansion, tumor regeneration, and metastasis. In contrast, expression of miR-34a antagomirs in CD44(-) prostate cancer cells promoted tumor development and metastasis. Systemically delivered miR-34a inhibited prostate cancer metastasis and extended survival of tumor-bearing mice. We identified and validated CD44 as a direct and functional target of miR-34a and found that CD44 knockdown phenocopied miR-34a overexpression in inhibiting prostate cancer regeneration and metastasis. Our study shows that miR-34a is a key negative regulator of CD44(+) prostate cancer cells and establishes a strong rationale for developing miR-34a as a novel therapeutic agent against prostate CSCs."	0
"Title: MiR-23b controls ALDH1A1 expression in cervical cancer stem cells. Abstract: Cancer stem cells has been widely investigated due to its essential role in cancer progression and drug resistance. Here, we try to find a new therapeutic target for cervical cancer stem cells. Methods: We detected ALDH1A1-associated miRNAs expression in our isolated tumorspheres and their corresponding parental cells. Sphere formation assay was also used to determine stemness after cells were manipulated with miR-23b plasmid or miR-23b inhibitor. Results: We found that miR-23b was under-expressed in cervical cancer stem cells to maintain high levels of ALDH1A1. Introduction of miR-23b into cervical cancer cells could alter stemness and cisplatin sensitivity. Conclusions: miR-23b plays key role in maintaining stemness of cervical cancer stem cells and can be developed as therapeutic target to better fight against cervical cancer."	0
"Title: An integrated transcriptional regulatory circuit that reinforces the breast cancer stem cell state. Abstract: Cancer stem-like cells (CSCs) are a highly tumorigenic cell type present as a minority population in developmentally diverse tumors and cell lines. Using a genetic screen in an inducible model of CSC formation in a breast cell line, we identify microRNAs (miRNAs) that inhibit CSC growth and are down-regulated in CSCs. Aside from the previously identified miR-200 family, these include the miR-15/16 (miR-16, miR-15b) and miR-103/107 (miR-103, miR-107) families as well as miR-145, miR-335, and miR-128b. Interestingly, these miRNAs affect common target genes that encode the Bmi1 and Suz12 components of the polycomb repressor complexes as well as the DNA-binding transcription factors Zeb1, Zeb2, and Klf4. Conversely, expression of the CSC-modulating miRNAs is inhibited by Zeb1 and Zeb2. There is an inverse relationship between the levels of CSC-regulating miRNAs and their respective targets in samples from triple-negative breast cancer patients, providing evidence for the relevance of these interactions in human cancer. In addition, combinatorial overexpression of these miRNAs progressively attenuates the growth of CSCs derived from triple-negative breast cancers. These observations suggest that CSC formation and function are reinforced by an integrated regulatory circuit of miRNAs, transcription factors, and chromatin-modifying activities that can act as a bistable switch to drive cells into either the CSC or the nonstem state within the population of cancer cells."	0
"Title: Cancer/testis antigens, gametogenesis and cancer. Abstract: Cancer/testis (CT) antigens, of which more than 40 have now been identified, are encoded by genes that are normally expressed only in the human germ line, but are also expressed in various tumour types, including melanoma, and carcinomas of the bladder, lung and liver. These immunogenic proteins are being vigorously pursued as targets for therapeutic cancer vaccines. CT antigens are also being evaluated for their role in oncogenesis--recapitulation of portions of the germline gene-expression programme might contribute characteristic features to the neoplastic phenotype, including immortality, invasiveness, immune evasion, hypomethylation and metastatic capacity."	0
"Title: let-7 regulates self renewal and tumorigenicity of breast cancer cells. Abstract: Cancers may arise from rare self-renewing tumor-initiating cells (T-IC). However, how T-IC self renewal, multipotent differentiation, and tumorigenicity are maintained remains obscure. Because miRNAs can regulate cell-fate decisions, we compared miRNA expression in self-renewing and differentiated cells from breast cancer lines and in breast T-IC (BT-IC) and non-BT-IC from 1 degrees breast cancers. let-7 miRNAs were markedly reduced in BT-IC and increased with differentiation. Infecting BT-IC with let-7-lentivirus reduced proliferation, mammosphere formation, and the proportion of undifferentiated cells in vitro and tumor formation and metastasis in NOD/SCID mice, while antagonizing let-7 by antisense oligonucleotides enhanced in vitro self renewal of non-T-IC. Increased let-7 paralleled reduced H-RAS and HMGA2, known let-7 targets. Silencing H-RAS in a BT-IC-enriched cell line reduced self renewal but had no effect on differentiation, while silencing HMGA2 enhanced differentiation but did not affect self renewal. Therefore let-7 regulates multiple BT-IC stem cell-like properties by silencing more than one target."	0
"Title: Exosomal long noncoding RNA CRNDE-h as a novel serum-based biomarker for diagnosis and prognosis of colorectal cancer. Abstract: Cancer-secreted long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) are emerging mediators of cancer-host cross talk. The aim of our study was to illustrate the clinical significance of the lncRNA CRNDE-h in exosomes purified from the serum of patients with colorectal cancer (CRC). The study was divided into four parts: (1) The exosome isolated methods and lncRNA detected methods which accurately and reproducibly measure CRC-related exosomal CRNDE-h in serum were optimized in preliminary pilot stage; (2) The stability of exosomal CRNDE-h was evaluated systematically; (3) The origin of exosomal CRNDE-h was explorated in vitro and in vivo; (4) The diagnostic and prognostic value of exosomal CRNDE-h for CRC were validated in 468 patients. In pilot study, our results indicated that exosomal CRNDE-h was detectable and stable in serum of CRC patients, and derived from tumor cells. Then, the increased expression of exosomal CRNDE-h was successfully validated in 148 CRC patients when compared with colorectal benign disease patients and healthy donors. Exosomal CRNDE-h level significantly correlated with CRC regional lymph node metastasis (P = 0.019) and distant metastasis (P = 0.003). Moreover, at the cut-off value of 0.020 exosomal CRNDE-h level of serum, the area under ROC curve distinguishing CRC from colorectal benign disease patients and healthy donors was 0.892, with 70.3% sensitivity and 94.4% specificity, which was superior to carcinoembryogenic antigen. In addition, high exosomal CRNDE-h level has a lower overall survival rates than that for low groups (34.6% vs. 68.2%, P < 0.001). In conclusion, detection of lncRNA CRNDE-h in exosome shed a light on utilizing exosomal CRNDE-h as a noninvasive serum-based tumor marker for diagnosis and prognosis of CRC."	0
"Title: Cancer-secreted miR-105 destroys vascular endothelial barriers to promote metastasis. Abstract: Cancer-secreted microRNAs (miRNAs) are emerging mediators of cancer-host crosstalk. Here we show that miR-105, which is characteristically expressed and secreted by metastatic breast cancer cells, is a potent regulator of migration through targeting the tight junction protein ZO-1. In endothelial monolayers, exosome-mediated transfer of cancer-secreted miR-105 efficiently destroys tight junctions and the integrity of these natural barriers against metastasis. Overexpression of miR-105 in nonmetastatic cancer cells induces metastasis and vascular permeability in distant organs, whereas inhibition of miR-105 in highly metastatic tumors alleviates these effects. miR-105 can be detected in the circulation at the premetastatic stage, and its levels in the blood and tumor are associated with ZO-1 expression and metastatic progression in early-stage breast cancer."	0
"Title: Systematic identification of genes with a cancer-testis expression pattern in 19 cancer types. Abstract: Cancer-testis (CT) genes represent the similarity between the processes of spermatogenesis and tumorigenesis. It is possible that their selective expression pattern can help identify driver genes in cancer. In this study, we integrate transcriptomics data from multiple databases and systematically identify 876 new CT genes in 19 cancer types. We explore their relationship with testis-specific regulatory elements. We propose that extremely highly expressed CT genes (EECTGs) are potential drivers activated through epigenetic mechanisms. We find mutually exclusive associations between EECTGs and somatic mutations in mutated genes, such as PIK3CA in breast cancer. We also provide evidence that promoter demethylation and close non-coding RNAs (namely, CT-ncRNAs) may be two mechanisms to reactivate EECTG gene expression. We show that the meiosis-related EECTG (MEIOB) and its nearby CT-ncRNA have a role in tumorigenesis in lung adenocarcinoma. Our findings provide methods for identifying epigenetic-driver genes of cancer, which could serve as targets of future cancer therapies."	0
"Title: Cancer-testis antigens: Unique cancer stem cell biomarkers and targets for cancer therapy. Abstract: Cancer-testis antigens (CTAs) are considered as unique and promising cancer biomarkers and targets for cancer therapy. CTAs are multifunctional protein group with specific expression patterns in normal embryonic and adult cells and various types of cancer cells. CTAs are involved in regulating of the basic cellular processes during development, stem cell differentiation and carcinogenesis though the biological roles and cell functions of CTA families remain largely unclear. Analysis of CTA expression patterns in embryonic germ and somatic cells, pluripotent and multipotent stem cells, cancer stem cells and their cell descendants indicates that rearrangements of characteristic CTA profiles (aberrant expression) could be associated with cancer transformation and failure of the developmental program of cell lineage specification and germ line restriction. Therefore, aberrant CTA profiles can be used as panels of biomarkers for diagnoses and the selection of cancer treatment strategies. Moreover, immunogenic CTAs are prospective targets for cancer immunotherapy. Clinical trials testing broad range of cancer therapeutic vaccines against antigens of MAGEA and NY-ESO-1 families for treating various cancers have shown mixed clinical efficiency, safety and tolerability, suggesting the requirement of in-depth research of CTA expression in normal and cancer stem cells and extensive clinical trials for improving cancer immunotherapy technologies. This review focuses on recent advancement in study of CTAs in normal and cancer cells, particularly in normal and cancer stem cells, and provides a new insight into CTA expression patterns during normal and cancer stem cell lineage development. Additionally, new approaches in development of effective CTA-based therapies exclusively targeting cancer stem cells will be discussed."	0
"Title: Carcinoma of the gallbladder. Abstract: Carcinoma of the gallbladder is the most common malignant tumour of the biliary tract and a particularly high incidence is observed in Chile, Japan, and northern India. The aetiology of this tumour is complex, but there is a strong association with gallstones. Owing to its non-specific symptoms, gallbladder carcinoma is generally diagnosed late in the disease course, but if a patient with gallstones experiences a sudden change of symptoms, then a cancer diagnosis should be considered. Treatment with radical or extended cholecystectomy is potentially curative, although these procedures are only possible in 10-30% of patients. There is no role for cytoreductive surgery in this disease. If a gallbladder carcinoma is discovered via pathological examination of tissue samples, then the patient should be examined further and should have radical surgery if the tumour is found to be T1b or beyond. Additional port-site excision is necessary if the patient has already had their gallbladder removed during laparoscopy; however, patients with an intact gallbladder who are suspected to have gallbladder carcinoma should not undergo laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Patients with advanced inoperable disease should receive palliative treatment; however, the role of chemotherapy and radiation in these patients needs further evaluation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA control of muscle development and disease. Abstract: Cardiac and skeletal muscle development are controlled by evolutionarily conserved networks of transcription factors that coordinate the expression of genes involved in muscle growth, morphogenesis, differentiation, and contractility. In addition to regulating the expression of protein-coding genes, recent studies have revealed that myogenic transcription factors control the expression of a collection of microRNAs, which act through multiple mechanisms to modulate muscle development and function. In some cases, microRNAs fine-tune the expression of target mRNAs, whereas in other cases they function as 'on-off' switches. MicroRNA control of gene expression appears to be especially important during cardiovascular and skeletal muscle diseases, in which microRNAs participate in stress-dependent remodeling of striated muscle tissues. We review findings that point to the importance of microRNA-mediated control of gene expression during muscle development and disease, and consider the potential of microRNAs as therapeutic targets."	0
"Title: Crystal structure of human annexin I at 2.5 A resolution. Abstract: cDNA coding for N-terminally truncated human annexin I, a member of the family of Ca(2+)-dependent phospholipid binding proteins, has been cloned and expressed in Escherichia coli. The expressed protein is biologically active, and has been purified and crystallized in space group P2(1)2(1)2(1) with cell dimensions a = 139.36 A, b = 67.50 A, and c = 42.11 A. The crystal structure has been determined by molecular replacement at 3.0 A resolution using the annexin V core structure as the search model. The average backbone deviation between these two structures is 2.34 A. The structure has been refined to an R-factor of 17.7% at 2.5 A resolution. Six calcium sites have been identified in the annexin I structure. Each is located in the loop region of the helix-loop-helix motif. Two of the six calcium sites in annexin I are not occupied in the annexin V structure. The superpositions of the corresponding loop regions in the four domains show that the calcium binding loops in annexin I can be divided into two classes: type II and type III. Both classes are different from the well-known EF-hand motif (type I)."	0
"Title: bantam encodes a developmentally regulated microRNA that controls cell proliferation and regulates the proapoptotic gene hid in Drosophila. Abstract: Cell proliferation, cell death, and pattern formation are coordinated in animal development. Although many proteins that control cell proliferation and apoptosis have been identified, the means by which these effectors are linked to the patterning machinery remain poorly understood. Here, we report that the bantam gene of Drosophila encodes a 21 nucleotide microRNA that promotes tissue growth. bantam expression is temporally and spatially regulated in response to patterning cues. bantam microRNA simultaneously stimulates cell proliferation and prevents apoptosis. We identify the pro-apoptotic gene hid as a target for regulation by bantam miRNA, providing an explanation for bantam's anti-apoptotic activity."	0
"Title: microRNAs are biomarkers of oncogenic human papillomavirus infections. Abstract: Cellular and viral microRNAs (miRNAs) are the transcriptional products of RNA polymerase II and are regulated by transcriptional factors for their differential expression. The altered expression of miRNAs in many cancer types has been explored as a marker for possible diagnosis and therapy. We report in this study that oncogenic human papillomaviruses (HPVs) induce aberrant expression of many cellular miRNAs and that HPV18 infection produces no detectable viral miRNA. Thirteen abundant host miRNAs were specifically regulated by HPV16 and HPV18 in organotypic raft cultures of foreskin and vaginal keratinocytes as determined by miRNA array in combination with small RNA sequencing. The increase of miR-16, miR-25, miR-92a, and miR-378 and the decrease of miR-22, miR-27a, miR-29a, and miR-100 could be attributed to viral oncoprotein E6, E7, or both, all of which are known to target many cellular transcription factors. The examination of 158 cervical specimens, including 38 normal, 52 cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN), and 68 cervical cancer (CC) tissues, for the expression of these eight miRNAs showed a remarkable increase of miR-25, miR-92a, and miR-378 with lesion progression but no obvious change of miR-22, miR-29a, and miR-100 among the HPV-infected tissues. Further analyses indicate that an expression ratio ?1.5 of miR-25/92a group over miR-22/29a group could serve as a cutoff value to distinguish normal cervix from CIN and from CIN to CC."	0
"Title: Annexin 1 regulates cell proliferation by disruption of cell morphology and inhibition of cyclin D1 expression through sustained activation of the ERK1/2 MAPK signal. Abstract: Cellular proliferation is controlled by the integration and coordination of extracellular signals. This study explores the role of the protein annexin 1 (ANXA1) in the regulation of such events. We show that ANXA1 has a cell-type independent, anti-proliferative function through sustained activation of the ERK signaling cascade. Moreover, ANXA1 reduces proliferation by ERK-mediated disruption of the actin cytoskeleton and ablation of cyclin D1 protein expression and not by ERK-mediated induction of the cyclin-dependent kinase, CDK2, inhibitor p21(cip/waf). Finally, ANXA1 regulates the ERK pathway at a proximal location, by SH2 domain-independent association with the adapter protein Grb-2. In summary, overexpression of ANXA1 mediates the disruption of normal cell morphology and inhibits cyclin D1 expression, therefore reducing cell proliferation through proximal modulation of the ERK signal transduction pathway."	0
"Title: miR-22 represses cancer progression by inducing cellular senescence. Abstract: Cellular senescence acts as a barrier to cancer progression, and microRNAs (miRNAs) are thought to be potential senescence regulators. However, whether senescence-associated miRNAs (SA-miRNAs) contribute to tumor suppression remains unknown. Here, we report that miR-22, a novel SA-miRNA, has an impact on tumorigenesis. miR-22 is up-regulated in human senescent fibroblasts and epithelial cells but down-regulated in various cancer cell lines. miR-22 overexpression induces growth suppression and acquisition of a senescent phenotype in human normal and cancer cells. miR-22 knockdown in presenescent fibroblasts decreased cell size, and cells became more compact. miR-22-induced senescence also decreases cell motility and inhibits cell invasion in vitro. Synthetic miR-22 delivery suppresses tumor growth and metastasis in vivo by inducing cellular senescence in a mouse model of breast carcinoma. We confirmed that CDK6, SIRT1, and Sp1, genes involved in the senescence program, are direct targets of miR-22. Our study provides the first evidence that miR-22 restores the cellular senescence program in cancer cells and acts as a tumor suppressor."	0
"Title: miR-29 and miR-30 regulate B-Myb expression during cellular senescence. Abstract: Cellular senescence is a form of irreversible growth arrest and a major tumor suppressor mechanism. We show here that the miR-29 and miR-30 microRNA families are up-regulated during induced and replicative senescence and that up-regulation requires activation of the Rb pathway. Expression of a reporter construct containing the 3'UTR of the B-Myb oncogene is repressed during senescence, and repression is blocked by mutations in conserved miR-29 and miR-30 binding sites in the B-Myb 3'UTR. In proliferating cells, transfection of miR-29 and miR-30 represses a reporter construct containing the wild-type but not the mutant B-Myb 3'UTR, and repression of the mutant 3'UTR is reinstituted by compensatory mutations in miR-29 and miR-30 that restore binding to the mutant sites. miR-29 and miR-30 introduction also represses expression of endogenous B-Myb and inhibits cellular DNA synthesis. Finally, interference with miR-29 and miR-30 expression inhibits senescence. These findings demonstrate that miR-29 and miR-30 regulate B-Myb expression by binding to its 3'UTR and suggest that these microRNAs play an important role in Rb-driven cellular senescence."	0
"Title: The potential prognostic and therapeutic application of tissue and circulating microRNAs in cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer (CC) is a common malignancy in women and a major cause of cancer-related mortality globally. Some novel biomarkers may enable the early diagnosis and monitoring of CC. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that control gene translation at a posttranscriptional level. Hence the deregulation of these molecules can cause many diseases. There appears to be an association between aberrant miRNA expression and CC, but the molecular mechanisms involved in the development of CC remain unknown. The upregulation of some circulating miRNAs, for example, miRNA-20a, miRNA-203, miRNA-21, miRNA-205, miRNA-218, and miR-485-5, as well as tissue-specific miRNAs, for example, miR-7, miR-10a, miR-17-5p, miR-135b, miR-149, and miR-203 have been found in patients with CC. There is also growing evidence for the importance of miRNAs in the development of drug resistance. This review therefore highlights recently published preclinical and clinical investigation performed on tissue specific and circulating miRNAs, as potential biomarkers for the detection of patients at early stages of CC, in the prediction of prognosis, and monitoring of their response to therapy."	0
"Title: Downregulation of miR-146a promotes tumorigenesis of cervical cancer stem cells via VEGF/CDC42/PAK1 signaling pathway. Abstract: Cervical cancer (CC) is a primary gynecological malignancy worldwide. Cancer stem cells (CSCs) possess enhanced tumor-initiating and self-renewing abilities. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play essential roles in CSCs' tumorigenesis. This study investigated the effects of miR-146a on CSCs' tumorigenesis and invasion. Tumorsphere cells (TCs) were enriched from the HeLa cell line. Real-time PCR, Western blots, ALDH assays, colony formation and invasion assays, luciferase reporter assays and the Xenograft mouse model were used to determine the underlying mechanism of CC. The results showed that TCs displayed higher ALDH activity and miR-146a was upregulated in differentiated TCs. Moreover, miR-146a inhibitor increased colony formation and cell invasion in TCs while miR-146a mimics displayed the opposite roles. An inverse relationship between miR-146a and VEGF expression was found in TCs and the luciferase reporter assay revealed that VEGF was a direct target of miR-146a. Inhibition of VEGF reversed the effects of miR-146a inhibitor on TCs. The activated CDC42/PAK1 signaling was associated with TCs' tumorigenesis and invasion. Furthermore, miR-146a inhibitor-treated TCs promoted tumor growth in nude mice. Altogether, the results suggest that miR-146a modulated TCs' tumor formation and invasion and was associated with VEGF/CDC42/PAK1 signaling. This study provided insight into developing new therapeutic strategies for CC."	0
"Title: DDN-AS1-miR-15a/16-TCF3 feedback loop regulates tumor progression in cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer (CC) is known as one of the most common gynecological tumors. Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are a group of regulators that have been widely reported in human malignant tumors including CC. On the basis of the data of The Cancer Genome Atlas, lncRNA DDN and PRKAG1 antisense RNA 1 ( DDN-AS1) that is overexpressed in CC tissues predicted poor prognosis for patients with CC. Moreover, quantitative reverse transcription PCR analysis further identified the upregulation of DDN-AS1 in CC tissues and cell lines. Loss-of-function assays revealed that knockdown of DDN-AS1 suppressed CC progression by efficiently inhibiting cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Mechanism investigations revealed that DDN-AS1 was upregulated by its upstream transcription activator transcription factor 3 ( TCF3). Moreover, DDN-AS1 increased the expression of TCF3 by competitively binding miR-15a and miR-16. In conclusion, DDN-AS1-miR-15a/16-TCF3 feedback loop contributes to cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in CC."	0
"Title: MiR-873, as a suppressor in cervical cancer, inhibits cells proliferation, invasion and migration via negatively regulating ULBP2. Abstract: Cervical cancer (CC) remains a large burden in the developing countries. The tumor inhibitory role of miR-873 has been verified in a variety of cancers, however, whether miR-873 has a suppressive effect on CC remains unclear. Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the functional role of miR-873 in CC, as well as explore the underlying molecular mechanism. Methods: The prognostic values of miR-873 were assessed by Kaplan-Meier methods and cox regression models using the data which were downloaded from TCGA database. The expression of miR-873 was measured by RT-qPCR. Cell counting Kit-8, clone formation, and Transwell assays were used to assess the cell viability and metastasis, appropriately. The targeting relationship between miR-873 and ULBP2 was predicted by biological software and confirmed by dual luciferase reporter assay. Rescue assays were conducted to investigate whether miR-873 affects the phenotype of CC cells via regulating ULBP2. Results: We observed that miR-873 was low-expressed in CC. Up-regulation of miR-873 notably restrained the proliferation, invasion and migration of C33a cells. Meanwhile, down-regulation of miR-873 in SiHa cells presented the opposite outcomes. ULBP2 was forecasted and certified as a target of miR-873. The results of rescue assays showed that overexpression of ULBP2 could restore the proliferation and motility of CC cells that inhibited by miR-873. Conclusion: MiR-873 suppressed the CC cells proliferation, invasion and migration via negatively regulating ULBP2, suggesting that miR-873 could serve as a valuable therapeutic target for CC therapy."	0
"Title: circMTO1 promotes tumorigenesis and chemoresistance of cervical cancer via regulating miR-6893. Abstract: Cervical cancer has been one of the most common cancer in women worldwide. However, the detailed mechanism underlying circMTO1-regulated cervical cancer remains unclear. Methods: RT-qPCR and westernblot were used to examine genes expression levels. Wound healing assay and transwell invasion assay were utilized to probe migration and invasion abilities of cervical cancer cells. In addition, cell viability and apoptosis were measured by MTT and TUNEL assay, respectively. Finally, we employed bioinformatic approach to analyze gene expression levels in clinical cervical cancer tissues. Results: circMTO1 was shown to be greatly upregulated in cervical cancer cell lines and tumors. circMTO1 directly interacts with miR-6893. miR-6893 could restore circMTO1-regulated migration, invasion and chemoresistance of cervical cancer cells. Furthermore, we identified S100A1 as downstream effector for circMTO1/miR-6893-induced tumorigenesis of cervical cancer cells. Besides, westernblot analyses demonstrated that circMTO1 and miR-6893 inhibitor enhanced Beclin1 expression and downregulated p62 level. We found that autophagy inhibitor 3-MA could revert cell viability and apoptosis of HeLa regulated by circMTO1 and miR-6893 inhibitor. More importantly, the bioinformatic results showed the dysregulated expression patterns of circMTO1, miR-6893 and S100A1 in human clinical cervical cancer tissues. Conclusions: In summary, we reveal, for the first time, a novel mechanism of circMTO1/miR-6893 in tumorigenesis and chemoresistance of cervical cancer. Our findings support the notion of developing the new therapies and biomarkers by targeting circMTO1 for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA in cervical cancer: OncomiRs and tumor suppressor miRs in diagnosis and treatment. Abstract: Cervical cancer is a female-specific disease with a high incidence and mortality. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are implicated in posttranscriptional regulation of gene expression and in the pathogenic mechanisms of cancer, suggesting their importance in diagnosis and treatment. miRNAs may have roles in the pathogenesis of cervical cancer based on the increases or decreases in several specific miRNAs found in patients with this disease. The miRNAs implicated in cervical cancer are miR-21, miR-126, and miR-143, and clinical application of these miRNAs for diagnosis and treatment is under investigation. Methods for diagnosis of cervical cancer include analysis of changes in the levels of specific miRNAs in serum and determination of aberrant hypermethylation of miRNAs. Supplementation of miR-143 or inhibition of miR-21 activity in vivo may be therapeutic strategy for cervical cancer. Previous approaches to development of siRNA as a drug have provided information for establishment of therapy based on these approaches, and an anti-miR-21 inhibitor has been developed. miRNAs also have effects on drug resistance and may be useful in combination therapy with other drugs."	0
"Title: Cervical cancer: prevention, diagnosis, and therapeutics. Abstract: Cervical cancer is a leading cause of cancer deaths in women worldwide. Because of its association with human papilloma virus infection, as well as the ability to screen for premalignant stages of the disease, it is now largely a preventable disease. This article describes the molecular basis for cervical cancer, and presents a clinical overview of current treatment approaches and technological advances, emphasizing the unique aspects of this viral disease as it relates to the immune system and vaccination or other immunotherapeutic strategies."	0
"Title: Oncogenic microRNA signature for early diagnosis of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer death in women globally, despite the widespread use of cytology/human papillomavirus (HPV) screening. In the present study, we aimed to identify the potential role of microRNA (miRNA) as a diagnostic biomarker in the detection of cervical pre-malignant lesions and cancer. In total, we recruited 582 patients with cervical diseases and 145 control individuals. The expression levels of six miRNAs (miR-20a, miR-92a, miR-141, miR-183*, miR-210 and miR-944) were found to be significantly up-regulated in cervical cancer and pre-malignant lesions compared to normal cervical samples, indicating that they are oncogenic miRNAs. Receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that these six miRNAs can be used to distinguish patients with cervical pre-malignant lesions or cancer from normal individuals and they also had a good predictive performance, particularly in cervical lesions. Combined use of these six miRNAs further enhanced the diagnostic accuracy over any single miRNA marker, with an area under the curve of 0.998, 0.996 and 0.959, a diagnostic sensitivity of 97.9%, 97.2% and 91.4%, and a specificity of 98.6%, 96.6% and 87.6% for low-grade lesions, high-grade lesions and cancer, respectively. This six oncogenic miRNA signature may be suitable for use as diagnostic marker for cervical pre-malignant lesions and cancer in the near future."	0
"Title: Advances in diagnosis and treatment of metastatic cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is one of the most common cancers in women worldwide. The outcome of patients with metastatic cervical cancer is poor. We reviewed the relevant literature concerning the treatment and diagnosis of metastatic cervical cancer. There are two types of metastasis related to different treatments and survival rates: hematogenous metastasis and lymphatic metastasis. Patients with hematogenous metastasis have a higher risk of death than those with lymphatic metastasis. In terms of diagnosis, fluoro-2-deoxy-D-glucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) and PET-computed tomography are effective tools for the evaluation of distant metastasis. Concurrent chemoradiotherapy and subsequent chemotherapy are well-tolerated and efficient for lymphatic metastasis. As for lung metastasis, chemotherapy and/or surgery are valuable treatments for resistant, recurrent metastatic cervical cancer and chemoradiotherapy may be the optimal choice for stage IVB cervical cancer. Chemotherapy and bone irradiation are promising for bone metastasis. A better survival is achieved with multimodal therapy. Craniotomy or stereotactic radiosurgery is an optimal choice combined with radiotherapy for solitary brain metastases. Chemotherapy and palliative brain radiation may be considered for multiple brain metastases and other organ metastases."	0
"Title: miR-501 is upregulated in cervical cancer and promotes cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting CYLD. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the common gynecological deadly malignancy worldwide. Here we attempted to evaluate the effects and mechanisms of microRNA-501-5p (miR-501) on the cell proliferation, migration, invasion and the clinical significance in the cervical cancer. Methods: Cervical cancer HeLa cells were transfected with miR-501 mimic or inhibitor or siRNA against Cylindromatosis (CYLD) using Lipofectamine 2000. miR-501 expression was assessed in HeLa cells and cervical cancer specimens by real-time qRT-PCR. The functional roles of miR-501 were determined by CCK-8, colony formation, scratch wound healing and transwell assays. The apoptosis rate was detected by flow cytometry assay. CYLD, BCL-2, BAX, NF-?B p65 and phosphorylated p65 (p-p65) proteins were examined by Western blotting. CYLD expression was evaluated by immunohistochemistry in cervical cancer tissues. Results: miR-501 was upregulated, whereas CYLD protein was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues compared to normal cervical tissues. miR-501 overexpression and CYLD protein downregulation were positively correlated with poor differentiation, tumor size, International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stage and lymph node metastasis. CYLD was downregulated by miR-501 at both mRNA and protein levels in HeLa cells. miR-501 promoted cell proliferation, migration and invasion in cervical cancer, while inhibited the apoptosis. This is possibly due to the downregulation of CYLD and subsequent activation of NF-?B p65. Conclusions: miR-501 upregulation and CYLD downregulation are associated with the development and progression of cervical cancer. miR-501 promotes cervical cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion possibly via downregulating CYLD and subsequently activating NF-?B p65. miR-501 might be a potential therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Suppression of microRNA-629 enhances sensitivity of cervical cancer cells to 1'S-1'-acetoxychavicol acetate via regulating RSU1. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the fourth most frequent malignancy affecting women worldwide, but drug resistance and toxicities remain a major challenge in chemotherapy. The use of natural compounds is promising because they are less toxic and able to target multiple signaling pathways. The 1'S-1'-acetoxychavicol acetate (ACA), a natural compound isolated from wild ginger Alpinia conchigera , induced cytotoxicity on various cancer cells including cervical cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short noncoding RNAs that regulate numerous biological processes, such as apoptosis and chemosensitivity. Past studies reported that miR-629 is upregulated in many cancers, and its expression was altered in ACA-treated cervical cancer cells. However, the role of miR-629 in regulating sensitivity toward ACA or other anticancer agents has not been reported. Hence, this study aims to investigate the role of miR-629 in regulating response toward ACA on cervical cancer cells. Methods: The miR-629 expression following transfection with miR-629 hairpin inhibitor and hairpin inhibitor negative control was measured using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). The 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay was used to investigate sensitivity toward ACA. Apoptosis was detected using Annexin V/propidium iodide and Caspase 3/7 assays. The gene target for miR-629 was identified using miRNA target prediction programs, luciferase reporter assay and Western blots. Gene overexpression studies were performed to evaluate its role in regulating response toward ACA. Results: Transfection with miR-629 hairpin inhibitor downregulated its expression in both cervical cancer cell lines. Suppression of miR-629 increased sensitivity toward ACA by reducing cell proliferation and inducing apoptosis. Luciferase reporter assay confirmed RSU1 as a direct target of miR-629. Overexpression of miR-629 decreased RSU1 protein expression, while inhibition of miR-629 increased RSU1 protein expression. Overexpression of RSU1 augmented antiproliferative and apoptosis-inducing effects of ACA. Conclusion: Our findings showed that combination of ACA with miR-629 and RSU1 may provide a potential strategy in treating cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-584 inhibits cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and enhances the sensitivity to cisplatin in human cervical cancer by negatively targeting GLI1. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the most lethalmalignancy amongst women worldwide. MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) play a critical role in the progression of cervical cancer. Compelling evidence indicates that miR-584 acts as a tumor suppressor in some types of cancers. However, the function of miR-584 in cervical cancer has not been illustrated. In the present study, the effects and mechanism of miR-584 in the process of proliferation, migration and invasion, and drug sensitivity to cisplatin in cervical cancer were determined. miR-584 expression decreased markedly in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines compared with healthy control samples. Dual-luciferase reporter assays confirmed that glioma-associated oncogene 1 (GLI1) is a novel molecular target of miR-584. The overexpression of miR-584 inhibited the expression of GLI1, reduced cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and induced apoptosis in HeLa cells. However, the silencing of miR-584 in CaSki cells produced the opposite effects. In addition, the overexpression of GLI1 in HeLa-cells overexpressing miR-584 markedly reversed the miR-584-induced inhibitory effect. Flow cytometry results showed that miR-584 enhanced cisplatin sensitivity by promoting chemotherapy-induced apoptosis. Therefore, miR-584 acted as a tumor suppressor miRNA and might be a novel target gene for future cervical cancer treatments."	0
"Title: MiR-9, miR-21, and miR-155 as potential biomarkers for HPV positive and negative cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the second leading cause of death among female patients with cancer in the world. High risk human papillomavirus has causal roles in cervical cancer initiation and progression by deregulating several cellular processes. However, HPV infection is not sufficient for cervical carcinoma development. Therefore, other genetic and epigenetic factors may be involved in this complex disease, and the identification of which may lead to better diagnosis and treatment. Our aim was to analyze the expression of microRNAs in cervical cancer cases positive or negative for HPV E6/E7 mRNA, and to assess their diagnostic usefulness and relevance. Methods: The expression of three different microRNAs (miR-9, miR-21, and miR-155) in 52 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) primary cervical cancer tissue samples and 50 FFPE normal cervical tissue samples were evaluated. Results: MiR-9, miR-21, and miR-155 were significantly overexpressed in cervical cancer tissues compared to normal tissues (P < 0.001). MiR-21 and miR-155 expression combined with the HPV E6/E7 mRNA assay in HPV E6/E7 negative cervical cancer showed increased AUC of 0.7267 and 0.7000, respectively (P = 0.01, P = 0.04), demonstrating their potential as diagnostic tools. Moreover, miR-21 and miR-155 were predictors showing a 7 fold and 10.3 fold higher risk for HPV E6/E7 negative patients with cervical cancer (P = 0.024 and P = 0.017, respectively) while miR-155 was a predictor showing a 27.9 fold higher risk for HPV E6/E7 positive patients with cervical cancer (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: There is a strong demand for additional, alternative molecular biomarkers for diagnosis and management of precancer patients. MiR-21 and miR-155 may be helpful in the prediction of both HPV positive and HPV negative cases of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-182 induces cervical cancer cell apoptosis through inhibiting the expression of DNMT3a. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the second most common and malignant tumor among women worldwide. However, the effective therapies for this deadly disease are limited because the elaborate molecular mechanism of progress of cervical cancer remains largely unknown. In present study, we not only determine the miR-182 as an anticancer miRNA molecule but also provide the mechanistic link between miR-182 and its anticancer activity. Primarily, the expression of miR-182 is significantly down-regulated in cervical tumor in contrast to normal cervical tissue, and then miR-182 mimic-treated cell presents reduction of cell proliferation and promoting apoptosis. During this process, DNA methyltransferase 3a (DNMT3a) expression is markedly decreased, thereby likely contributing to miR-182-induced apoptosis. Consistently, over-expression of DNMT3a inhibits the miR-182-induced apoptosis, and inhibition of DNMT3a promotes cervical cancer cell apoptosis, which further demonstrated that DNMT3a involved in cervix carcinogenesis. Collectively, we have revealed a valuable mechanism by which down-regulation of DNMT3a contributes to the miR-182-induced cervical cancer cell apoptosis, which raise a becoming potential that miR-182 administration or inhibition of DNMT3a expression may be the underlying strategies for therapeutic intervention in cervical carcinoma."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-26b acts as an antioncogene and prognostic factor in cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the second most frequent malignant neoplasm in women all over the world. MicroRNA-26b (miR-26b) has been reported to be downregulated and play a great role in many malignancies, nevertheless, there are scarce studies on cervical cancer. The purpose of the present study was to detect how miR-26b is involved in cervical carcinoma. Reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) was utilized to detect the expression levels of miR-26b and Jagged1 (JAG1) mRNA. Transwell assay was applied to calculate the cell migration and invasion capacity. Luciferase reporter assay was employed to determine JAG1 as a target of miR-26b. The results revealed that miR-26b is downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cells compared with paracancerous tissues and normal cervical epithelial cells. The low expression of miR-26b in cervical cancer demonstrated that miR-26b inhibits cell migration and invasion, as measured by Transwell assay. JAG1 was verified to be a target of miR-26b and have a negative correlation with miR-26b, as detected by luciferase reporter assay. In addition, miR-26b was found to suppress cell migration and invasion via mediating JAG1 expression, which impact is partially reversed by JAG1. In conclusion, miR-26b suppresses cell migration and invasion of cervical cancer through directly targeting JAG1. It is suggested that miR-26b/JAG1 axis may present a new target for the treatment of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Activation of miR-9 by human papillomavirus in cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is the third most common cancer in women worldwide, leading to about 300,000 deaths each year. Most cervical cancers are caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. However, persistent transcriptional activity of HPV oncogenes, which indicates active roles of HPV in cervical cancer maintenance and progression, has not been well characterized. Using our recently developed assays for comprehensive profiling of HPV E6/E7 transcripts, we have detected transcriptional activities of 10 high-risk HPV strains from 87 of the 101 cervical tumors included in the analysis. These HPV-positive patients had significantly better survival outcome compared with HPV-negative patients, indicating HPV transcriptional activity as a favorable prognostic marker for cervical cancer. Furthermore, we have determined microRNA (miRNA) expression changes that were correlated with tumor HPV status. Our profiling and functional analyses identified miR-9 as the most activated miRNA by HPV E6 in a p53-independent manner. Further target validation and functional studies showed that HPV-induced miR-9 activation led to significantly increased cell motility by downregulating multiple gene targets involved in cell migration. Thus, our work helps to understand the molecular mechanisms as well as identify potential therapeutic targets for cervical cancer and other HPV-induced cancers."	0
"Title: miR-636 represses cell survival by targeting CDK6/Bcl-2 in cervical cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer is widely known as one of the most common types of cancer diagnosed in women, and microRNAs (miRNAs) has been characterized as an important regulator in tumor progression, such as cervical cancer. MiR-636 was found to play a tumor suppressor role in hepatocellular carcinoma tumorigenesis. However, the tumorigenic mechanism of miR-636 on cervical cancer has not yet been found. In the present study, we first found that miR-636 was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. in vitro gain- and loss-of-function assays revealed that overexpression of miR-636 inhibited cell proliferation and induced cell apoptosis, while knockdown of miR-636 reversed the effect on cervical tumorigenesis. Furthermore, cyclin-dependent kinase 6 (CDK6) and B-cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl-2) were characterized as targets of miR-636. Notably, overexpression of CDK6 or Bcl-2 could reverse the inhibitory effect of miR-636 on cervical cancer progression. Mechanistically, miR-636 repressed cell survival by targeting CDK6/Bcl-2 in cervical cancer, which may be the underlying mechanism of miR-636-inhibited cervical progression. In conclusion, our findings clarified the biologic significance of miR-636/CDK6/Bcl-2 axis in cervical cancer progression and suggested the potential therapeutic target ability of miR-636 in treatment of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Expression of MiR200a, miR93, metastasis-related gene RECK and MMP2/MMP9 in human cervical carcinoma--relationship with prognosis. Abstract: Cervical cancer remains the third most common cancer in women globally after breast and colorectal cancer. Well-characterized biomarkers are necessary for early diagnosis and to predict metastatic progression and effective therapy. MiRNAs can regulate gene expression, cell growth, differentiation and apoptosis by targeting mRNAs for translational repression or degradation in tumor cells. The present study was conducted to assess expression of miR93, miR200a, RECK, MMP2, MMP9 in invasive cervical carcinoma, and analyze their clinical significance. Method: A total of 116 patients with invasive cervical carcinoma and 100 patients undergoing hysterectomy for benign lesions were retrospectively examined. Quantitative real-time PCR was performed to determine expression of miR93 and miR200a while RECK, MMP2, MMP9 and MVD were assessed by immunohistochemical staining. Results: Cervical carcinoma patients demonstrated up-regulation of miR-93, miR-200a, MMP2 and MMP9, with down-regulation of RECK as compared to benign lesion tissues. RECK was significantly inversely related to invasion and lymphatic metastasis. The 5-year survival rate for patients with strong RECK expression was significantly higher than that with weakly expressing tumors. Conclusion: MiR-93 and miR-200a are associated with metastasis and invasion of cervical carcinoma. Thus together with RECK they are potential prognostic markers for cervical carcinoma. RECK cooperating with MMP2, MMP9 expression is a significant prognostic factor correlated with long-term survival for patients with invasive cervical carcinoma."	0
"Title: Plasma miR-127 and miR-218 Might Serve as Potential Biomarkers for Cervical Cancer. Abstract: Cervical cancer, a second common cancer in women, represents a major health care problem. Papanicolaou test, colposcopy, and different types of useful biomarkers are current major methods for detection of cervical cancer. However, these methods have the limitation of invasion, expensive cost, manpower issues, and low accuracy. The aim of this study is to explore the application of 3 plasma micro RNAs (miRNAs; miR-127, miR-205, and miR-218) in detection of cervical cancer. Blood samples were collected from 68 patients with cervical cancer, and plasma was extracted and stored at -80°C freezer until use. RUN6B was selected as an internal control to determine the relative expression levels of 3 miRNAs. Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed. The result showed that the expression levels of miR-127 and miR-205 in cervical cancers were higher than that in controls (P < .001); however, there was no marked difference in expression of miR-218 in cervical cancers and controls (P > .05). Therefore, we conducted the receiver-operating characteristic curve analyses for miR-127 and miR-205. The sensitivity and specificity of miR-127 in distinguishing patients with cervical cancer from healthy controls were 75.51% and 83.82%, respectively, with the area under the curve (AUC) of 0.820. MiR-205 showed higher predictive value with an AUC of 0.843, sensitivity of 72.00%, and specificity of 82.35%. In conclusion, we identified the predictive power of 3 plasma miRNAs for cervical cancer, and consequence can be concluded that plasma miR-127 and miR-205 are promising tumor markers for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Cancer care inequity for women in resource-poor countries. Abstract: Cervical, endometrial, and breast cancers are paradigms for global health disparity. The paucity of well-designed and -used cancer registries obstructs accurate assessment and planning for international agency resource allocation. Increasing rates of both smoking and obesity in resource-poor nations will lead to increases in the incidence of cancers in developing nations. Women residing in the developing world continue to present in later stages of disease and have fewer options for treatment than those in developed countries."	0
"Title: DNA hypomethylation and human diseases. Abstract: Changes in human DNA methylation patterns are an important feature of cancer development and progression and a potential role in other conditions such as atherosclerosis and autoimmune diseases (e.g., multiple sclerosis and lupus) is being recognised. The cancer genome is frequently characterised by hypermethylation of specific genes concurrently with an overall decrease in the level of 5 methyl cytosine. This hypomethylation of the genome largely affects the intergenic and intronic regions of the DNA, particularly repeat sequences and transposable elements, and is believed to result in chromosomal instability and increased mutation events. This review examines our understanding of the patterns of cancer-associated hypomethylation, and how recent advances in understanding of chromatin biology may help elucidate the mechanisms underlying repeat sequence demethylation. It also considers how global demethylation of repeat sequences including transposable elements and the site-specific hypomethylation of certain genes might contribute to the deleterious effects that ultimately result in the initiation and progression of cancer and other diseases. The use of hypomethylation of interspersed repeat sequences and genes as potential biomarkers in the early detection of tumors and their prognostic use in monitoring disease progression are also examined."	0
"Title: In Vitro Dose Studies on Chitosan Nanoplexes for microRNA Delivery in Breast Cancer Cells. Abstract: Changes in microRNA (miRNA) expression levels that play important roles in regulation lead to many pathological events such as cancer. The miR-200 family is an important target in cancer therapy. The aim of this study is to equilibrate endogenous levels between cancer and noncancerous cells to prevent serious side effects of miR-200c- and miR-141-like metastatic colonization. For the first time, the characterization of miR-200c and miR-141 cluster containing chitosan nanoplexes was shown, and the optimization of miRNA expression levels by conducting dose studies in breast cancer cell lines was made. The mean diameter of chitosan/miR-141 and chitosan/miR-200c nanoplexes ranged from 296 to 355 nm and from 294 to 380 nm depending on the N/P ratio, respectively. The surface charge of nanoplexes was positive with zeta potential of +12 to +26 mV. While naked miRNA was degraded after 0 min in a 10% serum-containing medium, chitosan/miRNA nanoplexes were protected for 72 h. During the in vitro cellular uptake study, nanoplexes were observed to be accumulating in the cytoplasm or nucleus. After using different doses for miR-200c, the determined doses are 750, 100, and 750 ng in the MCF-7, MDA-MB-231, and MDA-MB-435 cell lines, respectively. Doses were determined as 100 ng for MDA-MB-231 and 150 ng for MDA-MB-435 to reach endogenous miR-141 levels of MCF-10A. Our results suggest that chitosan nanoplexes for miR-200c and miR-141 are an efficient delivery system in terms of formulation and transfection. As a conclusion, dose studies are important to provide effective treatment with miRNAs."	0
"Title: MiR-200b and miR-15b regulate chemotherapy-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition in human tongue cancer cells by targeting BMI1. Abstract: Chemotherapy has been reported to induce epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in tumor cells, which is a critical step in the process of metastasis leading to cancer spreading and treatment failure. However, the underlying mechanisms of chemotherapy-induced EMT remain unclear, and the involvement of microRNAs (miRNA) in this process is poorly understood. To address these questions, we established stable chemotherapy-resistant tongue squamous cell carcinoma (TSCC) cell lines CAL27-res and SCC25-res by exposing the parental CAL27 and SCC25 lines to escalating concentrations of cisplatin for 6 months. CAL27-res and SCC25-res cells displayed mesenchymal features with enhanced invasiveness and motility. MiRNA microarray illustrated that miR-200b and miR-15b were the most significantly downregulated microRNAs in CAL27-res cells. Ectopic expression of miR-200b and miR-15b with miRNA mimics effectively reversed the phenotype of EMT in CAL27-res and SCC25-res cells, and sensitized them to chemotherapy, but inhibition of miR-200b and miR-15b in the sensitive lines with anti-sense oligonucleotides induced EMT and conferred chemoresistance. Retrieving the expression of B lymphoma Mo-MLV insertion region 1 homolog (BMI1), a target for miR-200b and miR-15b, in the presence of the miRNA mimics by transfecting CAL27-res cells with pcDNA3.1-BMI1-carrying mutated seed sequences of miR-200b or miR-15b at its 3'-UTR recapitulated chemotherapy-induced EMT. In vivo, enforced miR-200b or miR-15b expression suppressed metastasis of TSCC xenografts established by CAL27-res cells. Clinically, reduced miR-200b or miR-15b expression was associated with chemotherapeutic resistance in TSCCs and poor patient survival. Our data suggest that reduced expression of miR-200b and miR-15b underscores the mechanisms of chemotherapy-induced EMT in TSCC, and may serve as therapeutic targets to reverse chemotherapy resistance in tongue cancers."	0
"Title: Circulating MiR-125b as a marker predicting chemoresistance in breast cancer. Abstract: Chemotherapy is an important component in the treatment paradigm for breast cancers. However, the resistance of cancer cells to chemotherapeutic agents frequently results in the subsequent recurrence and metastasis. Identification of molecular markers to predict treatment outcome is therefore warranted. The aim of the present study was to evaluate whether expression of circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) can predict clinical outcome in breast cancer patients treated with adjuvant chemotherapy. Methodology/principal findings: Circulating miRNAs in blood serum prior to treatment were determined by quantitative Real-Time PCR in 56 breast cancer patients with invasive ductal carcinoma and pre-operative neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA) immunostaining and TUNEL were performed in surgical samples to determine the effects of chemotherapy on cancer cell proliferation and apoptosis, respectively. Among the miRNAs tested, only miR-125b was significantly associated with therapeutic response, exhibiting higher expression level in non-responsive patients (n = 26, 46%; p = 0.008). In addition, breast cancers with high miR-125b expression had higher percentage of proliferating cells and lower percentage of apoptotic cells in the corresponding surgical specimens obtained after neoadjuvant chemotherapy. Increased resistance to anticancer drug was observed in vitro in breast cancer cells with ectopic miR-125b expression; conversely, reducing miR-125b level sensitized breast cancer cells to chemotherapy. Moreover, we demonstrated that the E2F3 was a direct target of miR-125b in breast cancer cells. Conclusions/significance: These data suggest that circulating miR-125b expression is associated with chemotherapeutic resistance of breast cancer. This finding has important implications in the development of targeted therapeutics for overcoming chemotherapeutic resistance in novel anti-cancer strategies."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-30c inhibits human breast tumour chemotherapy resistance by regulating TWF1 and IL-11. Abstract: Chemotherapy resistance frequently drives tumour progression. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms are poorly characterized. Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition has been shown to correlate with therapy resistance, but the functional link and signalling pathways remain to be elucidated. Here we report that microRNA-30c, a human breast tumour prognostic marker, has a pivotal role in chemoresistance by a direct targeting of the actin-binding protein twinfilin 1, which promotes epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. An interleukin-6 family member, interleukin-11 is identified as a secondary target of twinfilin 1 in the microRNA-30c signalling pathway. Expression of microRNA-30c inversely correlates with interleukin-11 expression in primary breast tumours and low interleukin-11 correlates with relapse-free survival in breast cancer patients. Our study demonstrates that microRNA-30c is transcriptionally regulated by GATA3 in breast tumours. Identification of a novel microRNA-mediated pathway that regulates chemoresistance in breast cancer will facilitate the development of novel therapeutic strategies."	0
"Title: Immunohistochemical Markers Distinguishing Cholangiocellular Carcinoma (CCC) from Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (PDAC) Discovered by Proteomic Analysis of Microdissected Cells. Abstract: Cholangiocellular carcinoma (CCC) and pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) are two highly aggressive cancer types that arise from epithelial cells of the pancreatobiliary system. Owing to their histological and morphological similarity, differential diagnosis between CCC and metastasis of PDAC located in the liver frequently proves an unsolvable issue for pathologists. The detection of biomarkers with high specificity and sensitivity for the differentiation of these tumor types would therefore be a valuable tool. Here, we address this problem by comparing microdissected CCC and PDAC tumor cells from nine and eleven cancer patients, respectively, in a label-free proteomics approach. The novel biomarker candidates were subsequently verified by immunohistochemical staining of 73 CCC, 78 primary, and 18 metastatic PDAC tissue sections. In the proteome analysis, we found 180 proteins with a significantly differential expression between CCC and PDAC cells (p value < 0.05, absolute fold change > 2). Nine candidate proteins were chosen for an immunohistochemical verification out of which three showed very promising results. These were the annexins ANXA1, ANXA10, and ANXA13. For the correct classification of PDAC, ANXA1 showed a sensitivity of 84% and a specificity of 85% and ANXA10 a sensitivity of 90% at a specificity of 66%. ANXA13 was higher abundant in CCC. It presented a sensitivity of 84% at a specificity of 55%. In metastatic PDAC tissue ANXA1 and ANXA10 showed similar staining behavior as in the primary PDAC tumors (13/18 and 17/18 positive, respectively). ANXA13, however, presented positive staining in eight out of eighteen secondary PDAC tumors and was therefore not suitable for the differentiation of these from CCC. We conclude that ANXA1 and ANXA10 are promising biomarker candidates with high diagnostic values for the differential diagnosis of intrahepatic CCC and metastatic liver tumors deriving from PDAC."	0
"Title: miR-15 and miR-16 induce apoptosis by targeting BCL2. Abstract: Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is the most common human leukemia and is characterized by predominantly nondividing malignant B cells overexpressing the antiapoptotic B cell lymphoma 2 (Bcl2) protein. miR-15a and miR-16-1 are deleted or down-regulated in the majority of CLLs. Here, we demonstrate that miR-15a and miR-16-1 expression is inversely correlated to Bcl2 expression in CLL and that both microRNAs negatively regulate Bcl2 at a posttranscriptional level. BCL2 repression by these microRNAs induces apoptopsis in a leukemic cell line model. Therefore, miR-15 and miR-16 are natural antisense Bcl2 interactors that could be used for therapy of Bcl2-overexpressing tumors."	0
"Title: Dysregulation of a family of short noncoding RNAs, tsRNAs, in human cancer. Abstract: Chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) is the most common human leukemia, and transgenic mouse studies indicate that activation of the T-cell leukemia/lymphoma 1 (TCL1) oncogene is a contributing event in the pathogenesis of the aggressive form of this disease. While studying the regulation of TCL1 expression, we identified the microRNA cluster miR-4521/3676 and discovered that these two microRNAs are associated with tRNA sequences and that this region can produce two small RNAs, members of a recently identified class of small noncoding RNAs, tRNA-derived small RNAs (tsRNAs). We further proved that miR-3676 and miR-4521 are tsRNAs using Northern blot analysis. We found that, like ts-3676, ts-4521 is down-regulated and mutated in CLL. Analysis of lung cancer samples revealed that both ts-3676 and ts-4521 are down-regulated and mutated in patient tumor samples. Because tsRNAs are similar in nature to piRNAs [P-element-induced wimpy testis (Piwi)-interacting small RNAs], we investigated whether ts-3676 and ts-4521 can interact with Piwi proteins and found these two tsRNAs in complexes containing Piwi-like protein 2 (PIWIL2). To determine whether other tsRNAs are involved in cancer, we generated a custom microarray chip containing 120 tsRNAs 16 bp or more in size. Microarray hybridization experiments revealed tsRNA signatures in CLL and lung cancer, indicating that, like microRNAs, tsRNAs may have an oncogenic and/or tumor-suppressor function in hematopoietic malignancies and solid tumors. Thus, our results show that tsRNAs are dysregulated in human cancer."	0
"Title: Histone demethylase RBP2 decreases miR-21 in blast crisis of chronic myeloid leukemia. Abstract: Chronic myeloid leukemia in the blastic phase (CML-BP) responds poorly to clinical treatments and is usually fatal. In this study, we found that the histone H3 lysine 4 (H3K4) demethylase RBP2 (also called JARID1A and KDM5A) is underexpressed in CML-BP. The RBP2 histone demethylase stimulates leukemia cell differentiation and inhibits cell proliferation. We identified miR-21 was directly downregulated by RBP2 and found that miR-21 downregulated PDCD4 expression in leukemia cells. By binding to miR-21 promoter and by demethylating of trimethylated H3K4 at the miR-21 locus, RBP2 downregulated miR-21 expression. This in turn activated PDCD4. In conclusion, RBP2 epigenetically downregulated miR-21 in blast transformation of CML."	0
"Title: circRNA_100290 plays a role in oral cancer by functioning as a sponge of the miR-29 family. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs) represent a class of non-coding RNAs that are widely expressed in mammals. However, it is largely unknown about the function of human circRNAs and the roles of circRNAs in human oral squamous cell carcinomas (OSCC). Here we performed a comprehensive study of circRNAs in human OSCC using circRNA and mRNA microarrays, and identified many circRNAs that are differentially expressed between OSCC tissue and paired non-cancerous matched tissue. We further found a circRNA termed circRNA_100290 that served as a critical regulator in OSCC development. We discovered that circRNA_100290 was upregulated and co-expressed with CDK6 in OSCC tissue. Knockdown of circRNA_100290 decreased expression of CDK6 and inhibited proliferation of OSCC cell lines in vitro and in vivo. Via luciferase reporter assays, circRNA_100290 was observed to directly bind to miR-29 family members. Further EGFP/RFP reporter assays showed that CDK6 was the direct target of miR-29b. Taken together, we conclude that circRNA_100290 may function as a competing endogenous RNA to regulate CDK6 expression through sponging up miR-29b family members. Taken together, it indicates that circRNAs may exert regulatory functions in OSCC and may be a potential target for OSCC therapy."	0
"Title: Emerging roles of circRNA_001569 targeting miR-145 in the proliferation and invasion of colorectal cancer. Abstract: Circular RNAs (circRNAs), a large class of RNAs, have recently shown huge capabilities as gene regulators in mammals. Some of them bind with microRNAs (miRNAs) and act as natural miRNA sponges to inhibit related miRNAs' activities. Here we showed that hsa_circ_001569 acted as a positive regulator in cell proliferation and invasion of colorectal cancer (CRC). Moreover, hsa_circ_001569 was identified as a sponge of miR-145 and up-regulated miR-145 functional targets E2F5, BAG4 and FMNL2. In CRC tissues, circ_001569 negatively correlated with miR-145, and miR-145 correlated negatively with E2F5, BAG4 and FMNL2 expressions. Our study reveals a novel regulatory mechanism of circ_001569 in cell proliferation and invasion in CRC, provides a comprehensive landscape of circ_001569 that will facilitate further biomarker discoveries in the progression of CRC."	0
"Title: A direct plasma assay of circulating microRNA-210 of hypoxia can identify early systemic metastasis recurrence in melanoma patients. Abstract: Circulating cell-free(cf) microRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to exist in plasma. MicroRNA-210(miR-210) is known to play important roles in the tumor hypoxic state. We hypothesized that the expression levels of cf-miR-210 in plasma would predict early clinical recurrence in melanoma patients. A direct miRNA assay on plasma (RT-qPCR-DP) was developed to improve cf-miRNA assay logistics, eliminate RNA extraction, and reduce specimen amount required. RNA was extracted from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) melanoma tissues (n = 108) and assessed by RT-qPCR. Plasma (10 ?l; n = 264) was procured from AJCC Stage III/IV patients in phase III clinical trials. A RT-qPCR-DP was performed to detect cf-miR-210. MiR-210 was significantly higher in metastatic tumors compared to primary tumors. Cf-miR-210 was significantly higher in melanoma patients versus healthy donor controls. In serial bloods within individual patients, cf-miR-210 < 3 months prior to disease recurrence significantly increased compared to baseline levels (p = 0.012). ROC curve analysis demonstrated that patients with elevated cf-miR-210 were more likely to have disease recurrence. Moreover, cf-miR-210 increase significantly correlated with poorer prognosis (p < 0.001). Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH) level was also assessed within patients, and the AIC values for proportional hazards regression models of cf-miR-210(120.01) and LDH (122.91) demonstrated that cf-miR-210 is a better recurrence indicator. We concluded enhanced cf-miR-210 provides identification of early systemic melanoma recurrence."	0
"Title: Liquid biopsies for liquid tumors: emerging potential of circulating free nucleic acid evaluation for the management of hematologic malignancies. Abstract: Circulating free nucleic acids; cell free DNA and circulating micro-RNA, are found in the plasma of patients with hematologic and solid malignancies at levels higher than that of healthy individuals. In patients with hematologic malignancy cell free DNA reflects the underlying tumor mutational profile, whilst micro-RNAs reflect genetic interference mechanisms within a tumor and potentially the surrounding microenvironment and immune effector cells. These circulating nucleic acids offer a potentially simple, non-invasive, repeatable analysis that can aid in diagnosis, prognosis and therapeutic decisions in cancer treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs are transported in plasma and delivered to recipient cells by high-density lipoproteins. Abstract: Circulating microRNAs (miRNA) are relatively stable in plasma and are a new class of disease biomarkers. Here we present evidence that high-density lipoprotein (HDL) transports endogenous miRNAs and delivers them to recipient cells with functional targeting capabilities. Cellular export of miRNAs to HDL was demonstrated to be regulated by neutral sphingomyelinase. Reconstituted HDL injected into mice retrieved distinct miRNA profiles from normal and atherogenic models. HDL delivery of both exogenous and endogenous miRNAs resulted in the direct targeting of messenger RNA reporters. Furthermore, HDL-mediated delivery of miRNAs to recipient cells was demonstrated to be dependent on scavenger receptor class B type I. The human HDL-miRNA profile of normal subjects is significantly different from that of familial hypercholesterolemia subjects. Notably, HDL-miRNA from atherosclerotic subjects induced differential gene expression, with significant loss of conserved mRNA targets in cultured hepatocytes. Collectively, these observations indicate that HDL participates in a mechanism of intercellular communication involving the transport and delivery of miRNAs."	0
"Title: A five-microRNA panel in plasma was identified as potential biomarker for early detection of gastric cancer. Abstract: Circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated as novel biomarkers for gastric cancer (GC) diagnosis. However, the mixture of GC subtypes may have led to the inconsistent circulating miRNA profiles, and the clinical performance of circulating miRNAs has not yet been evaluated independently on early detection of GC. Methods: A four-phase study was designed with a total of 160 cancer-free controls, 124 patients with gastric non-cardia adenocarcinoma (GNCA) and 36 patients diagnosed gastric cardia adenocarcinoma (GCA). In the discovery phase, we screened the miRNA expression profile in plasma of 40 GNCA patients (stage I) and 40 matched controls by TaqMan low density array (TLDA) chips with pooled samples. Differentially expressed miRNAs were further validated in individual sample using quantitative reverse-transcriptase PCR (qRT-PCR) in the training phase. Subsequently, in an independent validation phase, the identified miRNAs were evaluated in 48 GNCA patients (stage I) and 102 matched controls. Finally, the identified miRNAs were further assessed in an external validation phase including advanced GNCA and GCA patients. Additionally, the expression levels of identified miRNAs were measured in the media of BGC823 and MGC803 cell lines. Results: Five miRNAs (miR-16, miR-25, miR-92a, miR-451 and miR-486-5p) showed consistently elevated levels in plasma of the GC patients as compared with controls, and were identified to be potential markers for GNCA with area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves (AUCs) ranging from 0.850 to 0.925 and 0.694 to 0.790 in the training and validation phases, respectively. The five-miRNA panel presented a high diagnostic accuracy for the early-stage GNCA (AUCs=0.989 and 0.812 for the training and validation phases, respectively). Three miRNAs (miR-16, miR-25 and miR-92a) were excreted into the culture media of GC cell lines. Conclusions: The five-miRNA panel in plasma may serve as a potential non-invasive biomarker in detecting the early-stage GC."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs as biomarkers of colorectal cancer: results from a genome-wide profiling and validation study. Abstract: Circulating microRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) might be used as biomarkers for the diagnosis of cancer and other diseases. Noninvasive approaches are needed to complement and improve upon current strategies for colorectal cancer (CRC) screening. We investigated whether plasma levels of miRNA can differentiate patients with CRC from healthy individuals. We also investigated whether plasma samples from patients with premalignant neoplastic lesions, such as advanced adenomas (AAs), also had a different expression pattern of miRNAs. Methods: We analyzed 196 plasma samples from 123 patients newly diagnosed with sporadic colorectal neoplasia (63 with CRC and 60 with AAs) and 73 healthy individuals (controls) seen at 2 tertiary medical centers in Spain. An initial set of samples was analyzed using a genome-wide miRNA expression profiling assay (n = 61). Quantitative reverse-transcription PCR was used to validate the expression of selected miRNAs in an independent cohort (n = 135). Results: Patients with CRC or AAs had plasma miRNA expression profiles that differed significantly from those of controls. We selected a group of 13 miRNAs for validation in an independent cohort of patients; 6 (miR18a, miR19a, miR19b, miR15b, miR29a, and miR335) were confirmed to be significantly up-regulated in patients with CRC, differentiating patients with CRC from controls with area under the receiver operating characteristic curve values ranging from 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.71-0.89) to 0.70 (95% CI, 0.59-0.80). Only miR18a was confirmed to be significantly up-regulated in patients with AAs, compared with controls; the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve value was 0.64 (95% CI, 0.52-0.75). Conclusions: Patients with CRC have significantly different patterns of miRNA expression than healthy individuals. These patterns might be developed as biomarkers for CRC, although they have limited value in identifying patients with premalignant neoplastic lesions."	0
"Title: Upregulation of miR-21 in cisplatin resistant ovarian cancer via JNK-1/c-Jun pathway. Abstract: Cisplatin has been the most accepted drug for the treatment of ovarian cancer for almost 40 years. Although the majority of patients with ovarian cancer respond to front-line platinum combination chemotherapy, many patients will develop cisplatin-resistance disease, which is extremely rapid and fatal. Although various mechanisms of cisplatin resistance have been postulated, the key molecules involved in such resistance have not been identified. MiRNAs are endogenously expressed small non-coding RNAs, which are evolutionarily conserved and function as post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression. Dysregulation of miRNAs have been associated with cancer initiation, progression and drug resistance. The oncogenic miRNA-21, one of the best-studied miRNAs, is upregulated in almost all human cancers. However, the regulation of miR-21 in cisplatin resistant ovarian cancer cells has not been assessed. In this study, we measured the miR-21 expression by real-time PCR and found upregulation of miR-21 in cisplatin resistant compared with cisplatin sensitive ovarian cancer cells. Chromatin immunoprecipitation studies demonstrated the association of the c-Jun transcription factor to the pri-mir-21 DNA promoter regions. Blocking the JNK-1, the major activator of c-Jun phosphorylation, reduced the expression of pre-mir-21 and increased the expression of its well-known target gene, PDCD4. Overexpression of miR-21 in cisplatin sensitive cells decreased PDCD4 levels and increased cell proliferation. Finally, targeting miR-21 reduced cell growth, proliferation and invasion of cisplatin resistant ovarian cancer cells. These results suggest that the JNK-1/c-Jun/miR-21 pathway contributes to the cisplatin resistance of ovarian cancer cells and demonstrated that miR-21 is a plausible target to overcome cisplatin resistance."	0
"Title: Vascular endothelial growth factor is a potential tumour angiogenesis factor in human gliomas in vivo. Abstract: Clinical and experimental studies suggest that angiogenesis is a prerequisite for solid tumour growth. Several growth factors with mitogenic or chemotactic activity for endothelial cells in vitro have been described, but it is not known whether these mediate tumour vascularization in vivo. Glioblastoma, the most common and most malignant brain tumour in humans, is distinguished from astrocytoma by the presence of necroses and vascular proliferations. Here we show that expression of an endothelial cell-specific mitogen, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), is induced in astrocytoma cells but is dramatically upregulated in two apparently different subsets of glioblastoma cells. The high-affinity tyrosine kinase receptor for VEGF, flt, although not expressed in normal brain endothelium, is upregulated in tumour endothelial cells in vivo. These observations strongly support the concept that tumour angiogenesis is regulated by paracrine mechanisms and identify VEGF as a potential tumour angiogenesis factor in vivo."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 inhibits tumor growth and angiogenesis and sensitizes chemosensitivity to oxaliplatin in colorectal cancers. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the leading cancer-related causes of death in the world. Recently, downregulation of microRNA-143 (miR-143) has been observed in CRC tissues. Here in this study, we found that miR-143 expression was downregulated both in CRC patients' blood samples and tumor specimens. MiR-143 expression levels were strongly correlated with clinical stages and lymph node metastasis. Furthermore, insulin-like growth factor-I receptor (IGF-IR), a known oncogene, was a novel direct target of miR-143, whose expression levels were inversely correlated with miR-143 expression in human CRC specimens. Overexpression of miR-143 inhibited cell proliferation, migration, tumor growth and angiogenesis and increased chemosensitivity to oxaliplatin treatment in an IGF-IR-dependent manner. Taken together, these results revealed that miR-143 levels in human blood and tumor tissues are associated with CRC cancer occurrence, metastasis and drug resistance, and miR-143 levels may be used as a new diagnostic marker and therapeutic target for CRC in the future."	0
"Title: TUSC3 promotes colorectal cancer progression and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) through WNT/?-catenin and MAPK signalling. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most common malignancies and is the second leading cause of cancer death in humans. Tumour suppressor candidate 3 (TUSC3) plays an important role in embryogenesis and metabolism. Deletion of TUSC3 often causes non-syndromic mental retardation. Even though TUSC3 deregulation is frequently observed in epithelial cancers, the function of TUSC3 in CRC has remained unknown. In this study, we observed greater expression of TUSC3 at the mRNA and protein level in clinical colorectal tumour samples compared with paired normal tissues. Gain- and loss-of-function analyses were performed to evaluate the functional significance of TUSC3 in CRC initiation and progression. Immunoblotting, immunofluorescence, and co-immunoprecipitation analyses were used to identify potential pathways with which TUSC3 might be involved. Overexpression of TUSC3 in CRC cells induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in CRC cells, accompanied by down-regulation of the epithelial marker, E-cadherin, and up-regulation of the mesenchymal marker, vimentin. Increased proliferation, migration, and invasion, as well as accelerated xenograft tumour growth, were observed in TUSC3-overexpressing CRC cells, while opposite effects were achieved in TUSC3-silenced cells. In conclusion, our study demonstrated the oncogenic role of TUSC3 in CRC and showed that TUSC3 may be responsible for alternations in the proliferation ability, aggressiveness, and invasive/metastatic potential of CRC through regulating the MAPK, PI3K/Akt, and Wnt/?-catenin signalling pathways."	0
"Title: MicroRNA dysregulation as a prognostic biomarker in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is one of the most potentially curable cancers, yet it remains the fourth most common overall cause of cancer death worldwide. The identification of robust molecular prognostic biomarkers can refine the conventional tumor-node-metastasis staging system, avoid understaging of tumor, and help pinpoint patients with early-stage CRC who may benefit from aggressive treatments. Recently, epigenetic studies have provided new molecular evidence to better categorize the CRC subtypes and predict clinical outcomes. In this review, we summarize recent findings concerning the prognostic potential of microRNAs (miRNAs) in CRC. We first discuss the prognostic value of three tissue miRNAs (miR-21-5p, miR-29-3p, miR-148-3p) that have been examined in multiple studies. We also summarize the dysregulation of miRNA processing machinery DICER in CRC and its association with risk for mortality. We also reviewe the potential application of miRNA-associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms as prognostic biomarkers for CRC, especially the miRNA-associated polymorphism in the KRAS gene. Last but not least, we discuss the microsatellite instability-related miRNA candidates. Among all these candidates, miR-21-5p is the most promising prognostic marker, yet further prospective validation studies are required before it can go into clinical usage."	0
"Title: Locked nucleic acid anti-miR-21 inhibits cell growth and invasive behaviors of a colorectal adenocarcinoma cell line: LNA-anti-miR as a novel approach. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third leading cause of cancer-related death and has an extremely poor prognosis. Dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) has been shown to be involved in the pathogenesis and progression of many malignancies. Recent data suggest that microRNA-21 (miR-21) is significantly elevated in different types of cancer, especially colon adenocarcinoma. Against this background, locked nucleic acid (LNA)-modified oligonucleotides have recently been suggested as a novel approach for targeting miRNAs as antisense-based gene silencing. The aim of the current study was to explore the functional role of LNA-anti-miR-21 in a colon adenocarcinoma LS174T cell line. LS174T cells were transfected with LNA-anti-miR-21 for 24, 48 and 72 h. Quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to assess miR-21 expression by LNA-anti-miR-21. The viability of the cells was evaluated by MTT (3-[4, 5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl]-2, 5-diphenyl tetrazolium bromide) assay and Annexin V/propidium iodide staining assay was used to detect apoptosis. Moreover, invasive behavior of the cells was evaluated before and after therapy by transwell assay. LNA-anti-miR-21 was successfully transfected in human LS174T cells and suppressed the endogenous miR-21. LNA-anti-miR-21 inhibited the cells' growth followed by induction of apoptosis. LNA-anti-miR-21 (50 pmol/?l) reduced the invasive behaviors of LS174T cells after 24 h, compared with untreated cells and scrambled LNA-transfected cells. However, this effect was more pronounced after 72 h. Our findings suggest the therapeutic potential of LNA-anti-miR-21 in a colon adenocarcinoma for targeting miR-21 expression. Further studies are warranted to investigate the molecular mechanisms underlying this novel inhibitor in colorectal cancer to establish its potential value for treatment of CRC patients with high miR-21 expression."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNA expressions in colorectal cancer as predictors of response to chemotherapy. Abstract: Colorectal cancer (CRC) is the third most frequently diagnosed cancer and the third leading cause of cancer death in the Western world. Chemotherapy has been shown to improve outcomes in patients with CRC; however, only selected patients would benefit from this treatment. We aimed to identify predictors of response to chemotherapy in CRC using circulating microRNAs (miRNAs). We studied differential miRNA expression by miRNA array from serum of 253 patients who had chemotherapy treatment. We screened the differentially expressed serum miRNAs with TaqMan low-density arrays using pooled CRC patient serum samples. Differential expression was validated using hydrolysis probe-based stem-loop quantitative reverse transcription PCR in individual samples. We performed additional unsupervised cluster to analyse the differential expression of serum miRNA between the chemosensitive and chemoresistant patients. A distinct miRNA expression signature in response to chemotherapy was identified. The TaqMan low-density array results demonstrated that 17 serum miRNAs could predict chemosensitivity and chemoresistance. The quantitative reverse transcription PCR analysis further identified a profile of five serum miRNAs (miR-20a, miR-130, miR-145, miR-216 and miR-372) as a biomarker for predicting the chemosensitivity of CRC. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve of this five-serum miRNA signature were 0.841 and 0.918 for the two sets of serum samples, respectively. We identified a group of miRNA predictors in response to chemosensitivity for CRC patients. This could lead to a significant improvement in chemotherapy regimen selection strategy and personalized CRC management."	0
"Title: Human tRNA-derived small RNAs in the global regulation of RNA silencing. Abstract: Competition between mammalian RNAi-related gene silencing pathways is well documented. It is therefore important to identify all classes of small RNAs to determine their relationship with RNAi and how they affect each other functionally. Here, we identify two types of 5'-phosphate, 3'-hydroxylated human tRNA-derived small RNAs (tsRNAs). tsRNAs differ from microRNAs in being essentially restricted to the cytoplasm and in associating with Argonaute proteins, but not MOV10. The first type belongs to a previously predicted Dicer-dependent class of small RNAs that we find can modestly down-regulate target genes in trans. The 5' end of type II tsRNA was generated by RNaseZ cleavage downstream from a tRNA gene, while the 3' end resulted from transcription termination by RNA polymerase III. Consistent with their preferential association with the nonslicing Argonautes 3 and 4, canonical gene silencing activity was not observed for type II tsRNAs. The addition, however, of an oligonucleotide that was sense to the reporter gene, but antisense to an overexpressed version of the type II tsRNA, triggered robust, >80% gene silencing. This correlated with the redirection of the thus reconstituted fully duplexed double-stranded RNA into Argonaute 2, whereas Argonautes 3 and 4 were skewed toward less structured small RNAs, particularly single-strand RNAs. We observed that the modulation of tsRNA levels had minor effects on the abundance of microRNAs, but more pronounced changes in the silencing activities of both microRNAs and siRNAs. These findings support that tsRNAs are involved in the global control of small RNA silencing through differential Argonaute association, suggesting that small RNA-mediated gene regulation may be even more finely regulated than previously realized."	0
"Title: Cellular Pliancy and the Multistep Process of Tumorigenesis. Abstract: Completion of early stages of tumorigenesis relies on the dynamic interplay between the initiating oncogenic event and the cellular context. Here, we review recent findings indicating that each differentiation stage within a defined cellular lineage is associated with a unique susceptibility to malignant transformation when subjected to a specific oncogenic insult. This emerging notion, named cellular pliancy, provides a rationale for the short delay in the development of pediatric cancers of prenatal origin. It also highlights the critical role of cellular reprogramming in early steps of malignant transformation of adult differentiated cells and its impact on the natural history of tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Comparison of treatment outcomes between squamous cell carcinoma and adenocarcinoma of cervix after definitive radiotherapy or concurrent chemoradiotherapy. Abstract: Concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CCRT) is effective in the treatment of locally advanced cervical squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). However, whether treatment outcomes of cervical adenocarcinoma are equivalent to SCC after CCRT has been a topic of debate. Methods: Medical records of cervical cancer patients treated with definitive radiotherapy or CCRT in our institute from January 2011 to December 2014 were reviewed. Patients were treated with intensity modulated radiation therapy combined with intracavitary brachytherapy. Weekly cisplatin was the first line regimen of concurrent chemotherapy. The treatment outcomes of patients with SCC and adenocarcinoma were compared with a multivariate Cox regression model, and log-rank method before and after propensity score matching (1:1). Results: A total of 815 patients with stage IB-IVA cervical cancer were included, with 744 patients in the SCC group and 71 patients in adenocarcinoma group. The median follow-up period was 36.2 months (range, 1.0-76.2 months). The 3-year overall survival (OS), disease-free survival (DFS), pelvic control and distant control rates of patients in the SCC group and adenocarcinoma group were 85.2 and 75.4% (p = 0.005), 77.5 and 57.3% (p < 0.001), 89.0 and 74.0% (p = 0.001) and 86.0 and 74.4% (p = 0.011), respectively. After multivariate analysis, histology was an independent factor of OS (p = 0.003), DFS (p < 0.001), pelvic control (p = 0.002) and distant control (p = 0.003). With propensity score matching, 71 pairs of patients were selected. After matching, the OS (p = 0.017), DFS (p = 0.001), pelvic control (p = 0.015) and distant control (p = 0.009) of patients with adenocarcinoma were poorer than those of patients with SCC. In subgroup analysis, patients with adenocarcinoma had significantly worse OS and DFS compared with patients with SCC, regardless of treatment with radiotherapy alone or CCRT. Conclusion: The present study demonstrated that patients with adenocarcinoma of the cervix had poorer OS and DFS than patients with SCC, regardless of treatment with radiotherapy alone or CCRT. New treatment approaches should be considered for cervical adenocarcinoma."	0
"Title: Identification of microRNA expression profile related to lymph node status in women with early-stage grade 1-2 endometrial cancer. Abstract: Conventional methods used for histologic classification and grading of endometrial cancer (EC) are not sufficient to predict lymph node metastases. microRNA signatures have recently been related to EC pathologic characteristics or prognosis. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether microRNA profiles of grade 1-2 endometrioid adenocarcinomas can be related to nodal status and used as a tool to adapt surgical staging in early-stage EC. microRNA expression was assessed in nine formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) EC primary tumors with positive lymph node and in 27 FFPE EC primary tumors with negative lymph node, matched for grade, stage, and lymphovascular space involvement status. A microarray analysis showed that there was more than a twofold significant difference in the expression of 12 microRNAs between the two groups. A quantitative reverse transcriptase-PCR assay was used to confirm these results: the expression levels of five microRNAs (microRNA-34c-5p, -375, -184, -34c-3p, and -34b-5p) were significantly lower in the EC primary tumor with positive lymph node compared with those with negative lymph node. A minimal P-value approach revealed that women with a microRNA-375-fold change <0.30 were more likely to have positive lymph node (n=8; 53.3%) compared with those with a microRNA-375-fold change >0.30 (n=1; 4.8%), P=0.001. Furthermore, women with a microRNA 184-fold change <0.30 were more likely to have positive lymph node (n=6; 60.0%) compared with those with a microRNA 184-fold change >0.30 (n=3; 11.5%), P=0.006. This is the first study investigating the relative expression of mature microRNA genes in early-stage grade 1-2 EC primary tumors according to the nodal status. This microRNA expression profile provides a potential basis for further study of the microRNA function in EC and could be used as a diagnostic tool for nodal status."	0
"Title: Curcumin regulates miR-21 expression and inhibits invasion and metastasis in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Curcumin has promising potential in cancer prevention and therapy by interacting with proteins and modifying their expression and activity, which includes transcription factors, inflammatory cytokines and factors of cell survival, proliferation and angiogenesis. miR-21 is overexpressed in many tumours, promoting progression and metastasis. In the present study, we examined the potential of curcumin to regulate miR-21, tumour growth, invasion and in vivo metastasis in colorectal cancer. In Rko and HCT116 cells, we identified two new transcriptional start sites of the miR-21 gene and delineated its promoter region. PMA stimulation induced miR-21 expression via motifs bound with AP-1 (activator protein 1) transcription factors. Curcumin treatment reduced miR-21 promoter activity and expression in a dose-dependent manner by inhibiting AP-1 binding to the promoter, and induced the expression of the tumour suppressor Pdcd4 (programmed cell death protein 4), which is a target of miR-21. Curcumin-treated Rko and HCT116 cells were arrested in the G2/M phase with increasing concentrations. Furthermore, curcumin inhibited tumour growth, invasion and in vivo metastasis in the chicken-embryo-metastasis assay [CAM (chorionallantoic membrane) assay]. Additionally, curcumin significantly inhibited miR-21 expression in primary tumours generated in vivo in the CAM assay by Rko and HCT116 cells (P<0.00006 and P<0.035 respectively). Taken together, this is the first paper to show that curcumin inhibits the transcriptional regulation of miR-21 via AP-1, suppresses cell proliferation, tumour growth, invasion and in vivo metastasis, and stabilizes the expression of the tumour suppressor Pdcd4 in colorectal cancer."	0
"Title: Demethoxycurcumin inhibited human epithelia ovarian cancer cells' growth via up-regulating miR-551a. Abstract: Curcumin is a natural agent that has ability to dampen tumor cells' growth. However, the natural form of curcumin is prone to degrade and unstable in vitro. Here, we demonstrated that demethoxycurcumin (a curcumin-related demethoxy compound) could inhibit cell proliferation and induce apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells. Moreover, IRS2/PI3K/Akt axis was inactivated in cells treated with demethoxycurcumin. Quantitative real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction demonstrated that miR-551a was down-regulated in ovarian cancer tissues and ovarian cancer cell lines. Over-expression of miR-551a inhibited cell proliferation and induced apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells, whereas down-regulation of miR-551a exerted the opposite function. Luciferase assays confirmed that there was a binding site of miR-551a in IRS2, and we found that miR-551a exerted tumor-suppressive function by targeting IRS2 in ovarian cancer cells. Remarkably, miR-551a was up-regulated in the cells treated with demethoxycurcumin, and demethoxycurcumin suppressed IRS2 by restoration of miR-551a. In conclusion, demethoxycurcumin hindered ovarian cancer cells' malignant progress via up-regulating miR-551a."	0
"Title: Identifying and targeting angiogenesis-related microRNAs in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Current anti-angiogenic therapy for cancer is based mainly on inhibition of the vascular endothelial growth factor pathway. However, due to the transient and only modest benefit from such therapy, additional approaches are needed. Deregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) has been demonstrated to be involved in tumor angiogenesis and offers opportunities for a new therapeutic approach. However, effective miRNA-delivery systems are needed for such approaches to be successful. In this study, miRNA profiling of patient data sets, along with in vitro and in vivo experiments, revealed that miR-204-5p could promote angiogenesis in ovarian tumors through THBS1. By binding with scavenger receptor class B type 1 (SCARB1), reconstituted high-density lipoprotein-nanoparticles (rHDL-NPs) were effective in delivering miR-204-5p inhibitor (miR-204-5p-inh) to tumor sites to suppress tumor growth. These results offer a new understanding of miR-204-5p in regulating tumor angiogenesis."	0
"Title: Aberrant MicroRNA Expression in Patients With Endometrial Cancer. Abstract: Current evidence suggests that no single serum biomarker displays satisfactory diagnostic performance in patients with endometrial carcinoma (EC), the most frequent gynecological cancer in developed countries. However, aberrant tissue microRNA (miRNA) expression has been recently described in EC. Therefore, this study aimed to investigate the differential expression of 4 serum miRNAs and their association with CA125 (cancer antigen 125) and HE4 (human epididymis protein 4) in EC patients and in a control population. Methods: Forty-six consecutive women with EC and 28 matched control subjects without a history of cancer or other diseases were enrolled. Total serum RNA was extracted using mirVana PARIS Kit. TaqMan MicroRNA Assay was used for quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction on ABI 7500 Sequence Detection System to assess differential miRNAs expression. The relative expression levels of 4 miRNAs (miR-222, miR-223, miR-186, and miR-204) were normalized to miR-16 and calculated using the 2-?Ct approach. Results: Serum levels of miR-186, miR-222, and miR-223 appeared to be significantly higher in patients compared with control subjects (P = 0.004, P = 0.002, and P < 0.0001). Contrarily, serum miR-204 was found to be significantly lower in EC patients (P < 0.0001). The diagnostic performance of miRNAs was found to be significantly better than that of CA125. Among the various biomarker tested, serum miR-204 and HE4 exhibited the best diagnostic performance for discriminating EC patients from control subjects. Conclusions: These results underpin that the 4 miRNAs that we have investigated are implicated in development and progression of EC, thus opening new avenues in EC diagnostics."	0
"Title: Prognostic and predictive value of a microRNA signature in stage II colon cancer: a microRNA expression analysis. Abstract: Current staging methods do not accurately predict the risk of disease recurrence and benefit of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients who have had surgery for stage II colon cancer. We postulated that expression patterns of multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) could, if combined into a single model, improve postoperative risk stratification and prediction of chemotherapy benefit for these patients. Method: Using miRNA microarrays, we analysed 40 paired stage II colon cancer tumours and adjacent normal mucosa tissues, and identified 35 miRNAs that were differentially expressed between tumours and normal tissue. Using paraffin-embedded specimens from a further 138 patients with stage II colon cancer, we confirmed differential expression of these miRNAs using qRT-PCR. We then built a six-miRNA-based classifier using the LASSO Cox regression model, based on the association between the expression of every miRNA and the duration of individual patients' disease-free survival. We validated the prognostic and predictive accuracy of this classifier in both the internal testing group of 138 patients, and an external independent group of 460 patients. Findings: Using the LASSO model, we built a classifier based on the six miRNAs: miR-21-5p, miR-20a-5p, miR-103a-3p, miR-106b-5p, miR-143-5p, and miR-215. Using this tool, we were able to classify patients between those at high risk of disease progression (high-risk group), and those at low risk of disease progression (low-risk group). Disease-free survival was significantly different between these groups in every set of patients. In the initial training group of patients, 5-year disease-free survival was 89% (95% CI 77·3-94·4) for the low-risk group, and 60% (46·3-71·0) for the high-risk group (hazard ratio [HR] 4·24, 95% CI 2·13-8·47; p<0·0001). In the internal testing set of patients, 5-year disease-free survival was 85% (95% CI 74·3-91·8) for the low-risk group, and 57% (42·8-68·5) for the high-risk group (HR 3·63, 1·86-7·01; p<0·0001), and in the independent validation set of patients, was 85% (79·6-89·0) for the low-risk group and 54% (46·4-61·1) for the high-risk group (HR 3·70, 2·56-5·35; p<0·0001). The six-miRNA-based classifier was an independent prognostic factor for, and had better prognostic value than, clinicopathological risk factors and mismatch repair status. In an ad-hoc analysis, the patients in the high-risk group were found to have a favourable response to adjuvant chemotherapy (HR 1·69, 1·17-2·45; p=0·0054). We developed two nomograms for clinical use that integrated the six-miRNA-based classifier and four clinicopathological risk factors to predict which patients might benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy after surgery for stage II colon cancer. Conclusion: Our six-miRNA-based classifier is a reliable prognostic and predictive tool for disease recurrence in patients with stage II colon cancer, and might be able to predict which patients benefit from adjuvant chemotherapy. It might facilitate patient counselling and individualise management of patients with this disease. Funding: Natural Science Foundation of China."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA panel as biomarkers for early diagnosis of colorectal adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Currently, none of the available colorectal adenocarcinoma (CAC) testing has been established as a well-accepted diagnosis tool, particularly for the early stage of CAC. The recent discovery of serum microRNA (miRNA) profile has provided a new auxiliary approach for tumour diagnosis. Our study is involved in the global analysis of serum miRNAs during the normal-colorectal adenoma (CA)-CAC sequence. Methods: Serum samples were collected from 307 CAC patients, 164 CA patients and 226 healthy controls. Differentially expressed serum miRNAs were screened with Miseq sequencing followed by the reverse transcription PCR (RT-qPCR) validation. The miRNA panel was developed with a logistic regression model and validated using an independent cohort. The miRNA levels in CAC patients of different clinical stages and CA patients of different grades were compared. Receiver operating characteristic curves were constructed to evaluate the diagnostic accuracy of the panel. Results: The Miseq sequencing results revealed 15 differentially expressed miRNAs in the intersection of CAC vs CA and CA vs healthy controls according to our criteria. After the selection and validation process via RT-qPCR, we identified a four-miRNA panel (miR-19a-3p, miR-223-3p, miR-92a-3p and miR-422a) with a high diagnostic accuracy of CAC. Even in the low-carcinoembryonic antigen level group, the diagnostic accuracy of this miRNA panel was still acceptable (AUC=0.810). Surprisingly, our results indicated that the miRNA panel could differentiate stage I/II CAC from controls. In addition, this panel could also differentiate CA from CAC (AUC=0.886) and healthy controls (AUC=0.765). Conclusions: We established a serum four-miRNA panel with considerable clinical value in the early-stage diagnosis of CAC."	0
"Title: Identification of Developmental Endothelial Locus-1 on Circulating Extracellular Vesicles as a Novel Biomarker for Early Breast Cancer Detection. Abstract: Currently, there are no molecular biomarkers for the early detection of breast cancer. This study focused on identifying surface proteins found on circulating extracellular vesicles (EVs) for detecting early-stage breast cancer. Experimental design: Circulating EVs, isolated from the plasma of 10 patients with breast cancer (stages I and II) and 5 healthy controls, were analyzed using LC-MS/MS. Developmental endothelial locus-1 protein (Del-1) was selected as a candidate biomarker. Two different ELISAs were used to measure Del-1 in plasma samples from healthy controls (n= 81), patients with breast cancer (n= 269), breast cancer patients after surgical resection (n= 50), patients with benign breast tumors (n= 64), and patients with noncancerous diseases (n= 98) in two cohorts. Results: Plasma Del-1 levels were significantly higher (P< 0.0001) in patients with breast cancer than in all controls and returned to almost normal after tumor removal. The diagnostic accuracy of Del-1 was AUC, 0.961 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.924-0.983], sensitivity of 94.70%, and specificity of 86.36% in test cohort and 0.968 (0.933-0.988), 92.31%, and 86.62% in validation cohort for early-stage breast cancer by one type of ELISA. Furthermore, Del-1 maintained diagnostic accuracy for patients with early-stage breast cancer using the other type of ELISA [0.946 (0.905-0.972), 90.90%, and 77.14% in the test cohort; 0.943 (0.900-0.971), 89.23%, and 80.99% in the validation cohort]. Conclusions: Del-1 on circulating EVs is a promising marker to improve identification of patients with early-stage breast cancer and distinguish breast cancer from benign breast tumors and noncancerous diseases."	0
"Title: Chromosomal deletions and inversions mediated by TALENs and CRISPR/Cas in zebrafish. Abstract: Customized TALENs and Cas9/gRNAs have been used for targeted mutagenesis in zebrafish to induce indels into protein-coding genes. However, indels are usually not sufficient to disrupt the function of non-coding genes, gene clusters or regulatory sequences, whereas large genomic deletions or inversions are more desirable for this purpose. By injecting two pairs of TALEN mRNAs or two gRNAs together with Cas9 mRNA targeting distal DNA sites of the same chromosome, we obtained predictable genomic deletions or inversions with sizes ranging from several hundred bases to nearly 1 Mb. We have successfully achieved this type of modifications for 11 chromosomal loci by TALENs and 2 by Cas9/gRNAs with different combinations of gRNA pairs, including clusters of miRNA and protein-coding genes. Seven of eight TALEN-targeted lines transmitted the deletions and one transmitted the inversion through germ line. Our findings indicate that both TALENs and Cas9/gRNAs can be used as an efficient tool to engineer genomes to achieve large deletions or inversions, including fragments covering multiple genes and non-coding sequences. To facilitate the analyses and application of existing ZFN, TALEN and CRISPR/Cas data, we have updated our EENdb database to provide a chromosomal view of all reported engineered endonucleases targeting human and zebrafish genomes."	0
"Title: tRNA-Derived Small RNA: A Novel Regulatory Small Non-Coding RNA. Abstract: Deep analysis of next-generation sequencing data unveils numerous small non-coding RNAs with distinct functions. Recently, fragments derived from tRNA, named as tRNA-derived small RNA (tsRNA), have attracted broad attention. There are mainly two types of tsRNAs, including tRNA-derived stress-induced RNA (tiRNA) and tRNA-derived fragment (tRF), which differ in the cleavage position of the precursor or mature tRNA transcript. Emerging evidence has shown that tsRNAs are not merely tRNA degradation debris but have been recognized to play regulatory roles in many specific physiological and pathological processes. In this review, we summarize the biogeneses of various tsRNAs, present the emerging concepts regarding functions and mechanisms of action of tsRNAs, highlight the potential application of tsRNAs in human diseases, and put forward the current problems and future research directions."	0
"Title: Filtering of deep sequencing data reveals the existence of abundant Dicer-dependent small RNAs derived from tRNAs. Abstract: Deep sequencing technologies such as Illumina, SOLiD, and 454 platforms have become very powerful tools in discovering and quantifying small RNAs in diverse organisms. Sequencing small RNA fractions always identifies RNAs derived from abundant RNA species such as rRNAs, tRNAs, snRNA, and snoRNA, and they are widely considered to be random degradation products. We carried out bioinformatic analysis of deep sequenced HeLa RNA and after quality filtering, identified highly abundant small RNA fragments, derived from mature tRNAs that are likely produced by specific processing rather than from random degradation. Moreover, we showed that the processing of small RNAs derived from tRNA(Gln) is dependent on Dicer in vivo and that Dicer cleaves the tRNA in vitro."	0
"Title: Distinct roles of myeloid and plasmacytoid dendritic cells in systemic lupus erythematosus. Abstract: Dendritic cells (DCs) constitute a heterogeneous population of professional antigen presenting cells which are the initiators and key regulators for both immunity and tolerance induction. The significance and impact of DC biology in contemporary immunology and medical research is heightened by the award of the 2011 Nobel Prize for Medicine and Physiology to Ralf Steinman for his discovery and subsequent work on the role of DC in adaptive immunity. As a central regulator of immune responses, DCs also play a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of chronic inflammatory autoimmune conditions such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). In this review, we will focus on the respective role of the two major subsets of blood DC, namely myeloid (m)-DC and plasmacytoid (p)-DC, in SLE immunopathogenesis. Accumulating evidence has highlighted pDCs as the culprit for SLE pathogenesis, mainly through type-I interferon production. Latest findings in the field also decipher the mechanisms by which pDCs interact with neutrophils and platelets and contribute to SLE development. The recent surge of interest in studying microRNA regulation in SLE pathogenesis will also be discussed."	0
"Title: Annexin-1-deficient dendritic cells acquire a mature phenotype during differentiation. Abstract: Dendritic cells play a key role in the adaptive immune system by influencing T-cell differentiation. Annexin-1 (Anx-A1) has recently been shown to modulate the adaptive immune response by regulating T-cell activation and differentiation. Here we investigated the role of endogenous Anx-A1 in dendritic cells as major cellular counterpart of T-cell-driven immune response. We found that Anx-A1(-/-) bone marrow-derived dendritic cells show an increased number of CD11c(+) cells expressing high levels of some maturation markers, such as CD40, CD54, and CD80, coupled to a decreased capacity to take up antigen compared to control Anx-A1(+/+) cells. However, analysis of LPS-treated dendritic cells from Anx-A1(-/-) mice demonstrated a diminished up-regulation of maturation markers, a decreased migratory activity in vivo, and an attenuated production of the inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-1beta, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha, and IL-12. This defect was also accompanied by impaired nuclear factor (NF)-kappaB/DNA-binding activity and lack of Anx-A1 signaling, as demonstrated by the reduced activation of extracellular-signal regulated kinase (ERK)1/2 and Akt compared to cells from control littermates. As a consequence of this phenotype, Anx-A1(-/-) dendritic cells showed an impaired capacity to stimulate T-cell proliferation and differentiation in mixed leukocyte reaction. Together, these findings suggest that inhibition of Anx-A1 expression or function in dendritic cells might represent a useful way to modulate the adaptive immune response and pathogen-induced T-cell-driven immune diseases."	0
"Title: Targeting miR-21 inhibits in vitro and in vivo multiple myeloma cell growth. Abstract: Deregulated expression of miRNAs plays a role in the pathogenesis and progression of multiple myeloma. Among upregulated miRNAs, miR-21 has oncogenic potential and therefore represents an attractive target for the treatment of multiple myeloma. Experimental design: Here, we investigated the in vitro and in vivo anti-multiple myeloma activity of miR-21 inhibitors. Results: Either transient-enforced expression or lentivirus-based constitutive expression of miR-21 inhibitors triggered significant growth inhibition of primary patient multiple myeloma cells or interleukin-6-dependent/independent multiple myeloma cell lines and overcame the protective activity of human bone marrow stromal cells. Conversely, transfection of miR-21 mimics significantly increased proliferation of multiple myeloma cells, showing its tumor-promoting potential in multiple myeloma. Importantly, upregulation of miR-21 canonical validated targets (PTEN, Rho-B, and BTG2), together with functional impairment of both AKT and extracellular signal-regulated kinase signaling, were achieved by transfection of miR-21 inhibitors into multiple myeloma cells. In vivo delivery of miR-21 inhibitors in severe combined immunodeficient mice bearing human multiple myeloma xenografts expressing miR-21 induced significant antitumor activity. Upregulation of PTEN and downregulation of p-AKT were observed in retrieved xenografts following treatment with miR-21 inhibitors. Conclusion: Our findings show the first evidence that in vivo antagonism of miR-21 exerts anti-multiple myeloma activity, providing the rationale for clinical development of miR-21 inhibitors in this still incurable disease."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-204 inhibits cell migration and invasion in human cervical cancer by regulating transcription factor 12. Abstract: Deregulated microRNAs (miRs) and their roles in carcinogenesis have attracted great attention in recent years. Although miR-204 was reportedly dysregulated in various types of cancer, its function and mechanism in cervical cancer remain unknown. The present study focused on the expression and mechanisms of miR-204 in cervical cancer development. Expression of miR-204 in cervical cancer tissues and non-tumor tissues was measured using PCR analysis. The effect of ectopic expression of miR-204 on cell motility was evaluated using wound-healing and Transwell invasion assays. Luciferase activity and western blot assays were used to verify the regulatory effect of miR-204 on its target gene. It was demonstrated that miR-204 was significantly decreased in primary cervical cancer tissues, and that downregulated miR-204 was associated with lymph node metastasis and poor survival. In addition, it was revealed that ectopic expression of miR-204 significantly inhibited the migratory and invasive ability of cervical cancer cellsin vitro. In addition, bioinformatic prediction and experimental validation demonstrated that transcription factor 12 (TCF12) was a direct target of miR-204. Overexpression of TCF12 attenuated the inhibitory effect of miR-204 on cell motility. Taken together, the present data indicated that miR-204 is a metastasis-associated gene and may contribute to the progression of cervical cancer by regulating TCF12, providing novel insights, including that miR-204/TCF12 may be an important mechanism for cervical cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: microRNA-143, down-regulated in osteosarcoma, promotes apoptosis and suppresses tumorigenicity by targeting Bcl-2. Abstract: Deregulated microRNAs and their roles in tumorigenesis are still largely unknown. Here, we focused on the roles of miR-143 in osteosarcoma, as previous reports have suggested its importance in some other types of cancer. We found that miR-143 was down-regulated in osteosarcoma cell lines and primary tumor samples, and the restoration of miR-143 reduced cell viability, promoted cell apoptosis and suppressed tumorigenicity. Additionally, Bcl-2, an important antiapoptotic molecule, was identified to be a novel direct target of miR-143, and the proapoptotic function of miR-143 is further suggested to be mainly through the targeting of Bcl-2 expression. Collectively, our data identify the important roles of miR-143 in osteosarcoma pathogenesis and indicate its potential application in cancer therapy."	0
"Title: MiR-374b reduces cell proliferation and cell invasion of cervical cancer through regulating FOXM1. Abstract: Deregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) has been identified as critical event in tumor initiation and progression. We aimed to explore the role of miR-374b in cervical cancer progression. Patients and methods: MiR-374b expression was detected using qRT-PCR in cervical cancer tissues compared with normal counterparts. Cell proliferation and invasion ability were detected using Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK8) cell proliferation and transwell invasion assay. Dual luciferase reporter assay, qRT-PCR, and Western blot analysis were used to demonstrate that FOXM1 was a target of miR-374b. Results: We demonstrated that downregulation of miR-374b was frequently examined in cervical cancer tissues compared with normal counterparts. Furthermore, we showed the lower miR-374b expression associated with lymph node metastasis and advanced FIGO stage in patients with cervical cancer. Furthermore, ectopic expression of miR-374b could significantly decrease cell proliferation and invasion ability. However, inhibition of miR-374b had opposite effects. Dual luciferase reporter assay, qRT-PCR, and Western blot analysis revealed that miR-374b overexpression suppressed cell proliferation and invasion ability via affecting FOXM1 expression. Conclusions: These results indicated that miR-374b acted as tumor suppressor and may serve as a potential target for cervical cancer treatment."	0
"Title: Coordinate suppression of ERBB2 and ERBB3 by enforced expression of micro-RNA miR-125a or miR-125b. Abstract: Deregulation of micro-RNAs (miRNAs) is emerging as a major aspect of cancer etiology because their capacity to direct the translation and stability of targeted transcripts can dramatically influence cellular physiology. To explore the potential of exogenously applied miRNAs to suppress oncogenic proteins, the ERBB oncogene family was chosen with a bioinformatics search identifying targeting seed sequences for miR-125a and miR-125b within the 3'-untranslated regions of both ERBB2 and ERBB3. Using the human breast cancer cell line SKBR3 as a model for ERBB2 and ERBB3 dependence, infection of these cells with retroviral constructs expressing either miR-125a or miR-125b resulted in suppression of ERBB2 and ERBB3 at both the transcript and protein level. Luciferase constructs containing the 3' 3'-untranslated regions of ERBB2 and ERBB3 demonstrated approximately 35% less activity in miR-125a- and miR-125b-expressing cells relative to controls. Additionally, phosphorylation of ERK1/2 and AKT was suppressed in SKBR3 cells overexpressing either miR-125a or miR-125b. Consistent with suppression of both ERBB2 and ERBB3 signaling, miR-125a-or miR-125b-overexpressing SKBR3 cells were impaired in their anchorage-dependent growth and exhibited reduced migration and invasion capacities. Parallel studies performed on MCF10A cells demonstrated that miR-125a or miR-125b overexpression produced only marginal influences on the growth and migration of these non-transformed human mammary epithelial cells. These results illustrate the feasibility of using miRNAs as a therapeutic strategy to suppress oncogene expression and function."	0
"Title: Impaired tumor growth, metastasis, angiogenesis and wound healing in annexin A1-null mice. Abstract: Despite 2 decades of research, no clear function for annexin A1 (AnxA1) has been established. Using AnxA1-KO mice, we show that tumor growth and metastasis are significantly decreased, whereas rodent survival and tumor necrosis are greatly increased when tumors grow in AnxA1-KO mice. Systems analysis of gene expression in these tumors specifically implicates 2 related vascular functions, angiogenesis and wound healing, in this impairment. Both tumor vascular development and wound healing are greatly retarded in KO tissues. Aortic ring assays reveal induced AnxA1 expression on sprouting endothelial cells of normal mice whereas KO aortas exhibit impaired endothelial cell sprouting that is rescued by adenoviral expression of AnxA1. Key differences in specific gene regulation may define new molecular pathways mediating angiogenesis, including a reset profile of pro- versus anti-angiogenic factors, apparently distinct for physiological versus pathological angiogenesis. These studies establish novel pro-angiogenic functions for AnxA1 in vascular endothelial cell sprouting, wound healing, and tumor growth and metastasis, thereby uncovering a new functional target for repairing damaged tissue and treating diseases such as cancer. They also provide critical new evidence that the tumor stroma and its microenvironment can greatly affect tumor progression and metastasis."	0
"Title: Metastamir: the field of metastasis-regulatory microRNA is spreading. Abstract: Despite advancements in knowledge from more than a century of metastasis research, the genetic programs and molecular mechanisms required for cancer metastasis are still incompletely understood. Genes that specifically regulate the process of metastasis are useful tools to elucidate molecular mechanisms and may become markers and/or targets for antimetastatic therapy. Recently, several noncoding regulatory RNA genes, microRNA (miRNA), were identified, which play roles in various steps of metastasis, some without obvious roles in tumorigenesis. Understanding how these metastasis-associated miRNA, which we term metastamir, are involved in metastasis will help identify possible biomarkers or targets for the most lethal attribute of cancer: metastasis."	0
"Title: miR-145 inhibits migration and invasion of glioma stem cells by targeting ABCG2. Abstract: Despite advances in clinical therapies and technologies, the prognosis for patients with malignant glioma is poor. Our previous research demonstrated that glioma stem cells (GSCs) were crucial for glioma malignancy and accelerated tumor migration and invasion. The migration and invasion of malignant glioma cells into the surrounding normal brain tissues cause the poor outcome. miR-145, a miRNA found to be expressed in neurons, was recently found to have reduced expression in glioblastoma multiforme tumors. And miR-145 loss in glioma cells led to increased cell proliferation and invasion. However, its function on the migration and invasion of GSCs was still unknown. In this study, we aimed to identify the effects and mechanisms of miR-145 on the migration and invasion of GSCs. Our investigations revealed that miR-145 was low expressed in malignant glioma tissues and their corresponding GSCs. Knockdown of miR-145 in vitro could enhance the migration and invasion of GSCs, while up-regulation of miR-145 had the opposite effects. Further investigation of the potential mechanism demonstrated that the function of miR-145 in regulating the migration and invasion of GSCs is mediated by its targeting of ABCG2 mRNA. ABCG2 is an ATP-binding cassette transporter protein, which was identified to be overexpressed in GSCs and higher-grade glioma tissues. We found that miR-145 was negative correlated with ABCG2 levels in GSCs, and reduction in ABCG2 expression decreased the cell migration and invasion of GSCs. Further, a luciferase reporter proved that ABCG2 was a direct target of miR-145 in GSCs. Thus, these findings underscore the potential of miR-145 to regulate the migration and invasion of GSCs through targeting ABCG2."	0
"Title: Breast cancer and microRNAs: therapeutic impact. Abstract: Despite advances in detection and therapies, breast cancer is still the leading cause of cancer death in women worldwide. The etiology of this neoplasm is complex, and both genetic and environmental factors contribute to the complicate scenario. Gene profiling studies have been extensively used over the last decades as a powerful tool to define the signature of different cancers and to predict outcome and response to therapies. More recently, a new class of small (19-25 nucleotides) non-coding RNAs, microRNAs (miRs or miRNAs) has been linked to several human diseases, included cancer. MicroRNAs are involved in temporal and tissue-specific eukaryotic gene regulation,(1) either by translational inhibition or exonucleolytic mRNA decay, targeted through imperfect complementarity between the microRNA and the 3' untranslated region (3'UTR) of the mRNA.(2) Since their ability to potentially target any human mRNA, it is likely that microRNAs are involved in almost every biological process, including cell cycle regulation, cell growth, apoptosis, cell differentiation and stress response.(3) The involvement of microRNAs in the biology of human cancer is supported by an increasing body of experimental evidence, that has gradually switched from profiling studies, as the first breast cancer specific signature reported in 2005 by our group(4) describing an aberrant microRNA expression in different tumor types, to biological demonstrations of the causal role of these small molecules in the tumorigenic process, and the possible implications as biomarkers or therapeutic tools.(5) These more recent studies have widely demonstrated that microRNAs can modulate oncogenic or tumor suppressor pathways, and that, at the same time, their expression can be regulated by oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. The possibility to modulate microRNA expression both in vitro and in vivo by developing synthetic pre-microRNA molecules or antisense oligonucletides has at the same time provided a powerful tool to a deeper comprehension of the molecular mechanisms regulated by these molecules, and suggested the intriguing and promising perspective of a possible use in therapy. Here we review our current knowledge about the involvement of microRNAs in cancer, focusing particularly on breast cancer, and their potential as diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic tools."	0
"Title: GATA3 suppresses metastasis and modulates the tumour microenvironment by regulating microRNA-29b expression. Abstract: Despite advances in our understanding of breast cancer, patients with metastatic disease have poor prognoses. GATA3 is a transcription factor that specifies and maintains mammary luminal epithelial cell fate, and its expression is lost in breast cancer, correlating with a worse prognosis in human patients. Here, we show that GATA3 promotes differentiation, suppresses metastasis and alters the tumour microenvironment in breast cancer by inducing microRNA-29b (miR-29b) expression. Accordingly, miR-29b is enriched in luminal breast cancers and loss of miR-29b, even in GATA3-expressing cells, increases metastasis and promotes a mesenchymal phenotype. Mechanistically, miR-29b inhibits metastasis by targeting a network of pro-metastatic regulators involved in angiogenesis, collagen remodelling and proteolysis, including VEGFA, ANGPTL4, PDGF, LOX and MMP9, and targeting ITGA6, ITGB1 and TGFB, thereby indirectly affecting differentiation and epithelial plasticity. The discovery that a GATA3-miR-29b axis regulates the tumour microenvironment and inhibits metastasis opens up possibilities for therapeutic intervention in breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA Control of Invasion and Metastasis Pathways. Abstract: Despite recent advances, cancer remains a leading cause of death worldwide. In developed countries, the incidence of colorectal and breast cancer has been stable, but no improvement in prognosis has been observed if the patient presents with metastases at diagnosis. This fact highlights the importance of therapeutic approaches targeting cellular invasion and metastasis programs as the next step in cancer treatment. During carcinoma progression a process called epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) results in enhanced invasion and motility which is directly linked with loss of epithelial polarity and epithelial junctions, migration permissive cytoskeleton alterations, and the acquisition of mesenchymal properties. The recent discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) controlling key cellular pathways has opened a new era in understanding how EMT pathways are modulated. In this review, we classify EMT regulating proteins according to their cellular localization (membrane, cytoplasmic, and nuclear), and summarize the current knowledge on how they are controlled by miRNAs and propose potential miRNAs for the transcripts that may control their expression."	0
"Title: Developing therapeutic microRNAs for cancer. Abstract: Despite substantial progress in understanding the cancer-signaling network, effective therapies remain scarce due to insufficient disruption of oncogenic pathways, drug resistance and drug-induced toxicity. This complexity of cancer defines an urgent goal for researchers and clinicians to develop novel therapeutic strategies. The discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) provides new hope for accomplishing this task. Supported by solid evidence for a critical role in cancer and bolstered by a unique mechanism of action, miRNAs are likely to yield a new class of targeted therapeutics. In contrast to current cancer medicines, miRNA-based therapies function by subtle repression of gene expression on a yet large number of oncogenic factors and are, therefore, anticipated to be highly efficacious. After the completion of target validation for several candidates, the development of therapeutic miRNAs is now moving to a new stage that involves pharmacological drug delivery, preclinical toxicology and regulatory guidelines."	0
"Title: Deletion of chromosome 11q predicts response to anthracycline-based chemotherapy in early breast cancer. Abstract: Despite the recent consensus on the eligibility of adjuvant systemic therapy in patients with lymph node-negative breast cancer (NNBC) based on clinicopathologic criteria, specific biological markers are needed to predict sensitivity to the different available therapeutic options. We examined the feasibility of developing a genomic predictor of chemotherapy response and recurrence risk in 185 patients with NNBC using assembled arrays containing 2,460 bacterial artificial chromosome clones for scanning the genome for DNA copy number changes. After surgery, 90 patients received anthracycline-based chemotherapy, whereas 95 did not. Tamoxifen was administered to patients with hormone receptor-positive tumors. The association of genomic and clinicopathologic data and outcome was computed using Cox proportional hazard models and multiple testing adjustment procedures. Analysis of NNBC genomes revealed a common genomic signature. Specific DNA copy number aberrations were associated with hormonal receptor status, but not with other clinicopathologic variables. In patients treated with chemotherapy, none of the genomic changes were significantly correlated with recurrence. In patients not receiving chemotherapy, deletion of eight bacterial artificial chromosome clones clustered to chromosome 11q was independently associated with relapse (disease-free survival at 10 years+/-SE, 40%+/-14% versus 86%+/-6%; P<0.0001). The 54 patients with deletion of 11q (29%) did not present more aggressive clinicopathologic features than those without 11q loss. The adverse influence of 11q deletion on clinical outcome was confirmed in an independent validation series of 88 patients with NNBC. Our data suggests that patients with NNBC with the 11q deletion might benefit from anthracycline-based chemotherapy despite other clinical, pathologic, or genetic features. However, these initial findings should be evaluated in randomized clinical trials."	0
"Title: Systemically injected exosomes targeted to EGFR deliver antitumor microRNA to breast cancer cells. Abstract: Despite the therapeutic potential of nucleic acid drugs, their clinical application has been limited in part by a lack of appropriate delivery systems. Exosomes or microvesicles are small endosomally derived vesicles that are secreted by a variety of cell types and tissues. Here, we show that exosomes can efficiently deliver microRNA (miRNA) to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-expressing breast cancer cells. Targeting was achieved by engineering the donor cells to express the transmembrane domain of platelet-derived growth factor receptor fused to the GE11 peptide. Intravenously injected exosomes delivered let-7a miRNA to EGFR-expressing xenograft breast cancer tissue in RAG2(-/-) mice. Our results suggest that exosomes can be used therapeutically to target EGFR-expressing cancerous tissues with nucleic acid drugs."	0
"Title: Gene silencing by microRNAs: contributions of translational repression and mRNA decay. Abstract: Despite their widespread roles as regulators of gene expression, important questions remain about target regulation by microRNAs. Animal microRNAs were originally thought to repress target translation, with little or no influence on mRNA abundance, whereas the reverse was thought to be true in plants. Now, however, it is clear that microRNAs can induce mRNA degradation in animals and, conversely, translational repression in plants. Recent studies have made important advances in elucidating the relative contributions of these two different modes of target regulation by microRNAs. They have also shed light on the specific mechanisms of target silencing, which, although it differs fundamentally between plants and animals, shares some common features between the two kingdoms."	0
"Title: Integrative analysis of somatic mutations altering microRNA targeting in cancer genomes. Abstract: Determining the functional impact of somatic mutations is crucial to understanding tumorigenesis and metastasis. Recent sequences of several cancers have provided comprehensive lists of somatic mutations across entire genomes, enabling investigation of the functional impact of somatic mutations in non-coding regions. Here, we study somatic mutations in 3'UTRs of genes that have been identified in four cancers and computationally predict how they may alter miRNA targeting, potentially resulting in dysregulation of the expression of the genes harboring these mutations. We find that somatic mutations create or disrupt putative miRNA target sites in the 3'UTRs of many genes, including several genes, such as MITF, EPHA3, TAL1, SCG3, and GSDMA, which have been previously associated with cancer. We also integrate the somatic mutations with germline mutations and results of association studies. Specifically, we identify putative miRNA target sites in the 3'UTRs of BMPR1B, KLK3, and SPRY4 that are disrupted by both somatic and germline mutations and, also, are in linkage disequilibrium blocks with high scoring markers from cancer association studies. The somatic mutation in BMPR1B is located in a target site of miR-125b; germline mutations in this target site have previously been both shown to disrupt regulation of BMPR1B by miR-125b and linked with cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in the imprinted DLK1-DIO3 region repress the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition by targeting the TWIST1 protein signaling network. Abstract: Development of metastatic disease accounts for the vast majority of cancer-related deaths. Nevertheless, few treatments exist that are designed to specifically inhibit processes that drive tumor metastasis. The imprinted DLK1-DIO3 region contains tumor-suppressing miRNAs, but their identity and function remain indeterminate. In this study we identify seven miRNAs in the imprinted DLK1-DIO3 region that function cooperatively to repress the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, a critical step that drives tumor metastasis, as well as proliferation of carcinoma cells. These seven miRNAs (miRs 300, 382, 494, 495, 539, 543, and 544) repress a signaling network comprising TWIST1, BMI1, ZEB1/2, and miR-200 family miRNAs and silencing of the cluster, which occurs via hypermethylation of upstream CpG islands in human ductal carcinomas, confers morphological, molecular, and function changes consistent with an epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition. Moreover, ectopic expression of miR-544 independently inhibited proliferation of numerous tumor cell lines by inducing the ATM cell cycle checkpoint pathway. These results establish the DLKI-DIO3 miRNA cluster as a critical checkpoint regulating tumor growth and metastasis and implicate epigenetic modification of the cluster in driving tumor progression. These results also suggest that promoter methylation status and miRNA expression levels represent new diagnostic tools and therapeutic targets to predict and inhibit, respectively, tumor metastasis in carcinoma patients."	0
"Title: Diabetes mellitus, a microRNA-related disease?. Abstract: Diabetes mellitus is a complex disease resulting in altered glucose homeostasis. In both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus, pancreatic ? cells cannot secrete appropriate amounts of insulin to regulate blood glucose level. Moreover, in type 2 diabetes mellitus, altered insulin secretion is combined with a resistance of insulin-target tissues, mainly liver, adipose tissue, and skeletal muscle. Both environmental and genetic factors are known to contribute to the development of the disease. Growing evidence indicates that microRNAs (miRNAs), a class of small noncoding RNA molecules, are involved in the pathogenesis of diabetes. miRNAs function as translational repressors and are emerging as important regulators of key biological processes. Here, we review recent studies reporting changes in miRNA expression in tissues isolated from different diabetic animal models. We also describe the role of several miRNAs in pancreatic ? cells and insulin-target tissues. Finally, we discuss the possible use of miRNAs as blood biomarkers to prevent diabetes development and as tools for gene-based therapy to treat both type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus."	0
"Title: The Janus face of PAMAM dendrimers used to potentially cure nonenzymatic modifications of biomacromolecules in metabolic disorders-a critical review of the pros and cons. Abstract: Diabetes mellitus, which is characterised by high blood glucose levels and the burden of various macrovascular and microvascular complications, is a cause of much human suffering across the globe. While the use of exogenous insulin and other medications can control and sometimes prevent various diabetes-associated sequelae, numerous diabetic complications are still commonly encountered in diabetic patients. Therefore, there is a strong need for safe and effective antihyperglycaemic agents that provide an alternative or compounding option for the treatment of diabetes. In recent years, amino-terminated poly(amido)amine (PAMAM) dendrimers (G2, G3 and G4) have attracted attention due to their protective value as anti-glycation and anti-carbonylation agents that can be used to limit the nonenzymatic modifications of biomacromolecules. The focus of this review is to present a detailed survey of our own data, as well as of the available literature regarding the toxicity, pharmacological properties and overall usefulness of PAMAM dendrimers. This presentation pays particular and primary attention to their therapeutic use in poorly controlled diabetes and its complications, but also in other conditions, such as Alzheimer's disease, in which such nonenzymatic modifications may underlie the pathophysiological mechanisms. The impact of dendrimer administration on the overall survival of diabetic animals and on glycosylation, glycoxidation, the brain-blood barrier and cellular bioenergetics are demonstrated. Finally, we critically discuss the potential advantages and disadvantages accompanying the use of PAMAM dendrimers in the treatment of metabolic impairments that occur under conditions of chronic hyperglycaemia."	0
"Title: Lineage-specific transcriptional regulation of DICER by MITF in melanocytes. Abstract: DICER is a central regulator of microRNA maturation. However, little is known about mechanisms regulating its expression in development or disease. While profiling miRNA expression in differentiating melanocytes, two populations were observed: some upregulated at the pre-miRNA stage, and others upregulated as mature miRNAs (with stable pre-miRNA levels). Conversion of pre-miRNAs to fully processed miRNAs appeared to be dependent upon stimulation of DICER expression--an event found to occur via direct transcriptional targeting of DICER by the melanocyte master transcriptional regulator MITF. MITF binds and activates a conserved regulatory element upstream of DICER's transcriptional start site upon melanocyte differentiation. Targeted KO of DICER is lethal to melanocytes, at least partly via DICER-dependent processing of the pre-miRNA-17 approximately 92 cluster thus targeting BIM, a known proapoptotic regulator of melanocyte survival. These observations highlight a central mechanism underlying lineage-specific miRNA regulation which could exist for other cell types during development."	0
"Title: Prognostic value of Dicer expression in human breast cancers and association with the mesenchymal phenotype. Abstract: Dicer, a ribonuclease, is the key enzyme required for the biogenesis of microRNAs and small interfering RNAs and is essential for both mammalian development and cell differentiation. Recent evidence indicates that Dicer may also be involved in tumourigenesis. However, no studies have examined the clinical significance of Dicer at both the RNA and the protein levels in breast cancer. Methods: In this study, the biological and prognostic value of Dicer expression was assessed in breast cancer cell lines, breast cancer progression cellular models, and in two well-characterised sets of breast carcinoma samples obtained from patients with long-term follow-up using tissue microarrays and quantitative reverse transcription-PCR. Results: We have found that Dicer protein expression is significantly associated with hormone receptor status and cancer subtype in breast tumours (ER P=0.008; PR P=0.019; cancer subtype P=0.023, luminal A P=0.0174). Dicer mRNA expression appeared to have an independent prognostic impact in metastatic disease (hazard ratio=3.36, P=0.0032). In the breast cancer cell lines, lower Dicer expression was found in cells harbouring a mesenchymal phenotype and in metastatic bone derivatives of a breast cancer cell line. These findings suggest that the downregulation of Dicer expression may be related to the metastatic spread of tumours. Conclusion: Assessment of Dicer expression may facilitate prediction of distant metastases for patients suffering from breast cancer."	0
"Title: miR-340 inhibition of breast cancer cell migration and invasion through targeting of oncoprotein c-Met. Abstract: Different microRNAs have been shown to have oncogenic and tumor-suppressive functions in human cancers. Detection of their expression may lead to identifying novel markers for breast cancer. Methods: The authors detected miR-340 expression in 4 human breast cell lines and then focused on its role in regulation of tumor cell growth, migration, and invasion and target gene expression. They then analyzed miR-340 expression in benign and cancerous breast tissue specimens. Results: Endogenous miR-340 expression was down-regulated in the more aggressive breast cancer cell lines, which was confirmed in breast cancer tissue specimens by using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Further studies showed that induction of miR-340 expression was able to suppress tumor cell migration and invasion, whereas knockdown of miR-340 expression induced breast cancer cell migration and invasion. At the gene level, the authors identified c-Met as a direct miR-340 target to mediate cell migration and invasion through regulation of MMP-2 and MMP-9 expression. Ex vivo, loss of miR-340 expression was associated with lymph node metastasis, high tumor histological grade, clinical stage, and shorter overall survival of breast cancer as well as increased c-Met expression in breast cancer tissue specimens. Conclusions: miR-340 may play an important role in breast cancer progression, suggesting that miR-340 should be further evaluated as a novel biomarker for breast cancer metastasis and prognosis, and potentially a therapeutic target."	0
"Title: Knockdown of differentiation antagonizing non-protein coding RNA exerts anti-tumor effect by up-regulating miR-214 in endometrial carcinoma. Abstract: Differentiation antagonizing non-protein coding RNA (DANCR) is a valuable long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) that involves in the progress of various cancers. However, the functions of DANCR in endometrial carcinoma (EC) have not been validated. In the present study, we aimed to evaluate the roles of DANCR in EC and explore the underlying mechanism. Expression patterns of DANCR in EC specimens and normal control specimens were determined using qRT-PCR. DANCR was knocked down in EC cell lines (AN3CA and HEC-1B) through transfection with small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting DANCR (si-DANCR). Cell proliferation was examined using the cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay. Cell apoptosis was measured by flow cytometry. Online software starBase was used to predict the target gene of DANCR. Luciferase reporter assay was carried out to confirm the association between DANCR and the predicted target microRNA (miRNA). DANCR expression was up-regulated in EC tissues as compared to the normal control tissues. Knockdown of DANCR in AN3CA and HEC-1B cells markedly suppressed cell proliferation and induced cell apoptosis. miR-214 was found to be a target miRNA of DANCR and its expression was significantly decreased in EC tissues. Suppression of miR-214 abolished the effects of si-DANCR on cell proliferation and apoptosis in AN3CA and HEC-1B cells. DANCR played an important role in promoting tumorigenesis of EC via sponging miR-214. DANCR might serve as a therapeutic target for the treatment of EC."	0
"Title: PTEN loss defines a PI3K/AKT pathway-dependent germinal center subtype of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Abstract: Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) represents a heterogeneous diagnostic category with distinct molecular subtypes that can be defined by gene expression profiling. However, even within these defined subtypes, heterogeneity prevails. To further elucidate the pathogenesis of these entities, we determined the expression of the tumor suppressor phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) in 248 primary DLBCL patient samples. These analyses revealed that loss of PTEN was detectable in 55% of germinal center B-cell-like (GCB) DLBCLs, whereas this abnormality was found in only 14% of non-GCB DLBCL patient samples. In GCB DLBCL, the PTEN status was inversely correlated with activation of the oncogenic PI3K/protein kinase B (AKT) pathway in both DLBCL cell lines and primary patient samples. Reexpression of PTEN induced cytotoxicity in PTEN-deficient GCB DLBCL cell line models by inhibiting PI3K/AKT signaling, indicating an addiction to this pathway in this subset of GCB DLBCLs. PI3K/AKT inhibition induced down-regulation of the transcription factor MYC. Reexpression of MYC rescued GCB DLBCL cells from PTEN-induced toxicity, identifying a regulatory mechanism of MYC expression in DLBCL. Finally, pharmacologic PI3K inhibition resulted in toxicity selectively in PTEN-deficient GCB DLBCL lines. Collectively, our results indicate that PTEN loss defines a PI3K/AKT-dependent GCB DLBCL subtype that is addicted to PI3K and MYC signaling and suggest that pharmacologic inhibition of PI3K might represent a promising therapeutic approach in these lymphomas."	0
"Title: Cancer gene therapy: fringe or cutting edge?. Abstract: Direct targeting of cancer cells with gene therapy has the potential to treat cancer on the basis of its molecular characteristics. But although laboratory results have been extremely encouraging, many practical obstacles need to be overcome before gene therapy can fulfil its goals in the clinic. These issues are not trivial, but seem less formidable than the challenge of killing cancers selectively and rationally--a challenge that has been successfully addressed."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs: Crucial multi-tasking components in the complex circuitry of tumor metastasis. Abstract: Distant metastases are the underlying cause of patient mortality in an overwhelming majority of human carcinomas. Certain microRNAs have recently been found capable of regulating the process of tumor metastasis. In this review, we highlight advances within this rapidly emerging field, endeavor to connect known microRNA pathways with recent conceptual advances in the larger field of metastasis research, and speculate regarding the future utility of microRNAs in the diagnosis and treatment of human cancers. Assessed collectively, current evidence suggests that the pleiotropic activities of microRNAs endow them with the capacity to function as crucial, yet previously unappreciated, nodes within already-identified metastasis regulatory circuitry. This has important implications for our understanding of the pathogenesis of high-grade malignancies."	0
"Title: Activation of miR-31 function in already-established metastases elicits metastatic regression. Abstract: Distant metastases, rather than the primary tumors from which these lesions arise, are responsible for >90% of carcinoma-associated mortality. Many patients already harbor disseminated tumor cells in their bloodstream, bone marrow, and distant organs when they initially present with cancer. Hence, truly effective anti-metastatic therapeutics must impair the proliferation and survival of already-established metastases. Here, we assess the therapeutic potential of acutely expressing the microRNA miR-31 in already-formed breast cancer metastases. Activation of miR-31 in established metastases elicits metastatic regression and prolongs survival. Remarkably, even brief induction of miR-31 in macroscopic pulmonary metastases diminishes metastatic burden. In contrast, acute miR-31 expression fails to affect primary mammary tumor growth. miR-31 triggers metastatic regression in the lungs by eliciting cell cycle arrest and apoptosis; these responses occur specifically in metastases and can be explained by miR-31-mediated suppression of integrin-?5, radixin, and RhoA. Indeed, concomitant re-expression of these three proteins renders already-seeded pulmonary metastases refractory to miR-31-conferred regression. Upon miR-31 activation, Akt-dependent signaling is attenuated and the proapoptotic molecule Bim is induced; these effects occur in a metastasis-specific manner in pulmonary lesions and are abrogated by concurrent re-expression of integrin-?5, radixin, and RhoA. Collectively, these findings raise the possibility that intervention strategies centered on restoring miR-31 function may prove clinically useful for combating metastatic disease."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-200c modulates epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in human colorectal cancer metastasis. Abstract: Distant metastasis is the major cause of cancer-related death in patients with colorectal cancer (CRC). Although the microRNA-200 (miR-200) family is a crucial inhibitor of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in human cancer, the role of miR-200 members in the pathogenesis of metastatic CRC has not been investigated. Design: Fifty-four pairs of primary CRC and corresponding matched liver metastasis tissue specimens were analysed for expression and methylation status of the miR-200 family members. Functional analysis of miR-200c overexpression was investigated in CRC cell lines, and cells were analysed for proliferation, invasion and migration. Expression of several miR-200c target genes (ZEB1, ETS1 and FLT1) and EMT markers (E-cadherin and vimentin) in CRC cell lines and tissue specimens was validated. Results: Liver metastasis tissues showed higher expression of miR-200c (primary CRC = 1.31 vs. liver metastasis = 1.59; p = 0.0014) and miR-141 (primary CRC = 0.14 vs. liver metastasis = 0.17; p = 0.0234) than did primary CRCs, which was significantly associated with hypomethylation of the promoter region of these miRNAs (primary CRC = 61.2% vs. liver metastasis = 46.7%; p < 0.0001). The invasive front in primary CRC tissues revealed low miR-200c expression by in situ hybridization analysis. Transfection of miR-200c precursors resulted in enhanced cell proliferation but reduced invasion and migration behaviours in CRC cell lines. Overexpression of miR-200c in CRC cell lines caused reduced expression of putative gene targets, and resulted in increased E-cadherin and reduced vimentin expression. The associations between miR-200c, target genes and EMT markers were validated in primary CRCs and matching liver metastasis tissues. Conclusions: miR-200c plays an important role in mediating EMT and metastatic behaviour in the colon. Its expression is epigenetically regulated, and miR-200c may serve as a potential diagnostic marker and therapeutic target for patients with CRC."	0
"Title: piRNAs: from biogenesis to function. Abstract: Distinguishing self from non-self plays a crucial role in safeguarding the germlines of metazoa from mobile DNA elements. Since their discovery less than a decade ago, Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) have been shown to repress transposable elements in the germline and, hence, have been at the forefront of research aimed at understanding the mechanisms that maintain germline integrity. More recently, roles for piRNAs in gene regulation have emerged. In this Review, we highlight recent advances made in understanding piRNA function, highlighting the divergent nature of piRNA biogenesis in different organisms, and discussing the mechanisms of piRNA action during transcriptional regulation and in transgenerational epigenetic inheritance."	0
"Title: A papillomavirus DNA from a cervical carcinoma and its prevalence in cancer biopsy samples from different geographic regions. Abstract: DNA from one biopsy sample of invasive cancer of the cervix contained sequences hybridizing with human papillomavirus (HPV) type 11 DNA only under nonstringent conditions. This DNA was molecularly cloned in lambda phage. Under stringent conditions of hybridization it cross-hybridized to a minor extent (less than 0.1%) with HPV types 10, 14, and 15 and showed no homology with DNA of other human HPV types. We therefore propose to designate it tentatively as HPV 16. HPV 16 DNA was used as a probe to test additional cancer biopsy samples from cervical, vulval, and penile cancer, as well as benign genital warts (condylomata acuminata) and cervical dysplasias for the presence of homologous sequences. In 61.1% (11/18) of cervical cancer samples from German patients sequences were found hybridizing with HPV 16 DNA under conditions of high stringency. In contrast, only 34.8% (8/23) of cancer biopsy samples from Kenya and Brazil revealed this DNA. Vulval and penile cancer biopsy samples hybridized to 28.6% (2/7) or 25% (1/4), respectively. Only 2 out of 33 condylomata acuminata contained HPV 16 DNA. Both positive tumors harbored in addition HPV 6 or HPV 11 DNA. The data thus indicate that HPV 16 DNA prevails in malignant tumors, rendering an accidental contamination with papillomavirus DNA from adjacent papillomas rather unlikely. The rare presence in benign genital papillomas in addition to common genital papillomaviruses suggests a dependence of HPV 16 replication on helper virus."	0
"Title: RNA methylation by Dnmt2 protects transfer RNAs against stress-induced cleavage. Abstract: Dnmt2 proteins are the most conserved members of the DNA methyltransferase enzyme family, but their substrate specificity and biological functions have been a subject of controversy. We show here that, in addition to tRNA(Asp-GTC), tRNA(Val-AAC) and tRNA(Gly-GCC) are also methylated by Dnmt2. Drosophila Dnmt2 mutants showed reduced viability under stress conditions, and Dnmt2 relocalized to stress granules following heat shock. Strikingly, stress-induced cleavage of tRNAs was Dnmt2-dependent, and Dnmt2-mediated methylation protected tRNAs against ribonuclease cleavage. These results uncover a novel biological function of Dnmt2-mediated tRNA methylation, and suggest a role for Dnmt2 enzymes during the biogenesis of tRNA-derived small RNAs."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-26a suppresses tumor growth and metastasis of human hepatocellular carcinoma by targeting interleukin-6-Stat3 pathway. Abstract: Down-regulation of microRNA-26a (miR-26a) is associated with poor prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), but its functional mechanism in HCC remains unclear. In this study, we investigated the roles of miR-26a in tumor growth and metastasis of HCC and found that miR-26a was frequently down-regulated in HCC tissues. Down-regulation of miR-26a correlated with HCC recurrence and metastasis. Through gain- and loss-of-function studies, miR-26a was demonstrated to significantly inhibit in vitro cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. In addition, miR-26a induced G1 arrest and promoted apoptosis of HCC cells. Importantly, miR-26a suppressed in vivo tumor growth and metastasis in nude mice models bearing human HCC. Interleukin-6 (IL-6) was identified as a target of miR-26a. Knockdown of IL-6 induced effects on HCC cells similar to those induced by miR-26a. In contrast, IL-6 treatment abrogated the effects induced by miR-26a up-regulation. Moreover, miR-26a dramatically suppressed expression of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3) target genes, including Bcl-2, Mcl-1, cyclin D1, and MMP2. IL-6 treatment antagonized this effect, while knockdown of IL-6 by IL-6 short hairpin RNA (shIL-6) induced inhibitory effects on the expression of p-Stat3 and its main target genes, similar to miR-26a. The messenger RNA and protein levels of IL-6 inversely correlated with miR-26a in HCCs. Patients with high miR-26a or low IL-6 in HCC tissues had a better prognosis with longer overall survival (OS) and time to recurrence (TTR). In multivariate analysis, miR-26a, IL-6, and their combination were demonstrated to be independent prognostic indicators for OS and TTR of HCC patients. miR-26a could suppress tumor growth and metastasis of HCC through IL-6-Stat3 signaling and is a novel prognostic marker and therapeutic target for HCC."	0
"Title: miR-145 induces caspase-dependent and -independent cell death in urothelial cancer cell lines with targeting of an expression signature present in Ta bladder tumors. Abstract: Downregulation of miR-145 in a variety of cancers suggests a possible tumor suppressor function for this microRNA. Here, we show that miR-145 expression is reduced in bladder cancer and urothelial carcinoma in situ, compared with normal urothelium, using transcription profiling and in situ hybridization. Ectopic expression of miR-145 induced extensive apoptosis in urothelial carcinoma cell lines (T24 and SW780) as characterized by caspase activation, nuclear condensation and fragmentation, cellular shrinkage, and detachment. However, cell death also proceeded upon caspase inhibition by the pharmacological inhibitor zVAD-fmk and ectopic expression of anti-apoptotic Bcl-2, indicating the activation of an alternative caspase-independent death pathway. Microarray analysis of transcript levels in T24 cells, before the onset of cell death, showed destabilization of mRNAs enriched for miR-145 7mer target sites. Among these, direct targeting of CBFB, PPP3CA, and CLINT1 was confirmed by a luciferase reporter assay. Notably, a 22-gene signature targeted on enforced miR-145 expression in T24 cells was significantly (P<0.00003) upregulated in 55 Ta bladder tumors with concomitant reduction of miR-145. Our data indicate that reduction in miR-145 expression may provide bladder cancer cells with a selective advantage by inhibition of cell death otherwise triggered in malignant cells."	0
"Title: Decreased expression of microRNA-143 and -145 in human gastric cancers. Abstract: Downregulation of specific microRNAs (miRNAs) occurs in human tumors, which suggests a function for miRNAs in tumor suppression. We investigated the role of the miRNAs miR-143 and miR-145 in gastric cancers. Methods: The expression levels of miR-143 and miR-145 in the samples from 43 patients with gastric cancer were determined by real-time PCR using TaqMan assay. The growth inhibitory effect was estimated by the transfection of human gastric cancer cells with the miRNA. Results: The expression levels of miR-143 and -145 were decreased in most human gastric cancers examined, as previously reported to occur in colon tumors. The transfection of human gastric MKN-1 cells with miR-145 resulted in a greater growth inhibitory effect than that with miR-143, results which were contrary to those in colon cancers. In MKN-1 cells, an additive effect on growth inhibition was shown by the combined transfection with miR-143 and miR-145; further, higher sensitivity to 5-fluorouracil was also observed following the transfection with miR-143 or miR-145. The possible candidate target messenger RNAs of miR-145 were identified to be insulin receptor substrate-1 and beta-actin. Conclusion: Taken together, these findings suggest that miR-143 and miR-145 act as anti-oncomirs common to gastrointestinal tumors."	0
"Title: The microRNA maturation regulator Drosha is an independent predictor of outcome in breast cancer patients. Abstract: Drosha is a protein that plays a key role in the biogenesis of microRNAs which are well known to be deranged in human breast cancer (BC). The purpose of the current study was to assess the biological and prognostic value of Drosha protein expression in BC. Drosha protein expression was assessed immunohistochemically in two sets of BC: (1) full-face sections of selected BC series with distinct stages of tumour progression (Normal parenchymal cells, ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), primary invasive BC and nodal metastases) to evaluate its differential expression, (2) tissue microarray comprising a large and well-characterised series of unselected clinically annotated invasive BC to investigate its correlation with clinicopathological features and patient outcome. A gradual loss of Drosha cytoplasmic expression was observed along tumour progression from DCIS, to invasive and to metastatic cancer cells. In invasive BC, loss of Drosha cytoplasmic expression was associated with BRCA1 and ER expression and with shorter BC specific survival (BCSS), disease free interval (DFI) and distant metastasis free interval (DMFI). This correlation was maintained in ER negative, HER2 negative, triple negative and LN negative cases. Moreover, loss of cytoplasmic Drosha was predictive of better response to chemotherapy and endocrine therapy. This study provides evidence that Drosha protein potentially plays an important role in BC progression and assessment of its expression provides an independent predictor of patient outcome. These observations provide further evidence that alterations in miRNA regulation influence tumour behaviour."	0
"Title: Discrete small RNA-generating loci as master regulators of transposon activity in Drosophila. Abstract: Drosophila Piwi-family proteins have been implicated in transposon control. Here, we examine piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) associated with each Drosophila Piwi protein and find that Piwi and Aubergine bind RNAs that are predominantly antisense to transposons, whereas Ago3 complexes contain predominantly sense piRNAs. As in mammals, the majority of Drosophila piRNAs are derived from discrete genomic loci. These loci comprise mainly defective transposon sequences, and some have previously been identified as master regulators of transposon activity. Our data suggest that heterochromatic piRNA loci interact with potentially active, euchromatic transposons to form an adaptive system for transposon control. Complementary relationships between sense and antisense piRNA populations suggest an amplification loop wherein each piRNA-directed cleavage event generates the 5' end of a new piRNA. Thus, sense piRNAs, formed following cleavage of transposon mRNAs may enhance production of antisense piRNAs, complementary to active elements, by directing cleavage of transcripts from master control loci."	0
"Title: miR-634 restores drug sensitivity in resistant ovarian cancer cells by targeting the Ras-MAPK pathway. Abstract: Drug resistance hampers the efficient treatment of malignancies, including advanced stage ovarian cancer, which has a 5-year survival rate of only 30 %. The molecular processes underlying resistance have been extensively studied, however, not much is known about the involvement of microRNAs. Methods: Differentially expressed microRNAs between cisplatin sensitive and resistant cancer cell line pairs were determined using microarrays. Mimics were used to study the role of microRNAs in drug sensitivity of ovarian cancer cell lines and patient derived tumor cells. Luciferase reporter constructs were used to establish regulation of target genes by microRNAs. Results: MiR-634 downregulation was associated with cisplatin resistance. Overexpression of miR-634 affected cell cycle progression and enhanced apoptosis in ovarian cancer cells. miR-634 resensitized resistant ovarian cancer cell lines and patient derived drug resistant tumor cells to cisplatin. Similarly, miR-634 enhanced the response to carboplatin and doxorubicin, but not to paclitaxel. The cell cycle regulator CCND1, and Ras-MAPK pathway components GRB2, ERK2 and RSK2 were directly repressed by miR-634 overexpression. Repression of the Ras-MAPK pathway using a MEK inhibitor phenocopied the miR-634 effects on viability and chemosensitivity. Conclusion: miR-634 levels determine chemosensitivity in ovarian cancer cells. We identify miR-634 as a therapeutic candidate to resensitize chemotherapy resistant ovarian tumors."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21: a therapeutic target for reversing drug resistance in cancer. Abstract: Drug resistance is a major clinical obstacle to the successful treatment of human cancer. The microRNAs-21 (miR-21), an oncomiR, may play an important role in the progress of drug resistance. Areas covered: This review covers all related literature on miR-21 in drug resistance of human cancers and analyzes the expression, biological functions and targets of it. This study also envisages future developments toward its clinical and therapeutic applications in cancer treatment. Expert opinion: The miR-21 may promote the drug resistance of various cancers. Inhibitors of miR-21 may function as effective approaches for reversing drug resistance in cancer cells. There is a tough way from discovering the function of miR-21 to clinical use. Further understanding of miR-21-mediated signaling pathways will help to promote the therapeutic-clinical use of miR-21 in cancer."	0
"Title: miR-21 modulates paclitaxel sensitivity and hypoxia-inducible factor-1? expression in human ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Drug resistance is a major problem encountered in the treatment of ovarian cancer. Previous studies have demonstrated that in several types of cancer the overexpression of the multidrug resistance 1 (MDR1) gene is mainly associated with drug resistance. The present study aimed to investigate the role of miR-21 in the development of drug resistance in ovarian cancer cells. The expression levels of miR-21 in the ovarian cancer A2780 and A2780/taxol cell lines were detected by stem-loop real-time PCR. A2780 and A2780/taxol cells were transfected with mimics or inhibitors of miR-21 or negative control RNA. The expression levels of P-glycoprotein (P-gp) and hypoxia-inducible factor-1? (HIF-1?) proteins were assessed by western blot analysis. Drug sensitivity was analyzed by the 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay. The expression levels of miR-21 and P-gp were upregulated to a greater extent in the paclitaxel-resistant ovarian cancer A2780/taxol cell line compared with the parental A2780 cell line. Transfection of A2780/taxol cells with inhibitors of miR-21 decreased the expression levels of the P-gp and HIF-1? proteins, and increased the sensitivity of the A2780/taxol cells to paclitaxel. The expression levels of P-gp were additionally increased; however, the sensitivity of the miR-21 mimic-treated A2780 cells to paclitaxel was decreased. miR-21 may be involved in the development of drug resistance and the regulation of MDR1/P-gp expression, at least in part, by targeting HIF-1? in ovarian cancer cells."	0
"Title: Posttranscriptional regulation of the heterochronic gene lin-14 by lin-4 mediates temporal pattern formation in C. elegans. Abstract: During C. elegans development, the temporal pattern of many cell lineages is specified by graded activity of the heterochronic gene Lin-14. Here we demonstrate that a temporal gradient in Lin-14 protein is generated posttranscriptionally by multiple elements in the lin-14 3'UTR that are regulated by the heterochronic gene Lin-4. The lin-14 3'UTR is both necessary and sufficient to confer lin-4-mediated posttranscriptional temporal regulation. The function of the lin-14 3'UTR is conserved between C. elegans and C. briggsae. Among the conserved sequences are seven elements that are each complementary to the lin-4 RNAs. A reporter gene bearing three of these elements shows partial temporal gradient activity. These data suggest a molecular mechanism for Lin-14p temporal gradient formation: the lin-4 RNAs base pair to sites in the lin-14 3'UTR to form multiple RNA duplexes that down-regulate lin-14 translation."	0
"Title: Integrin signalling during tumour progression. Abstract: During progression from tumour growth to metastasis, specific integrin signals enable cancer cells to detach from neighbouring cells, re-orientate their polarity during migration, and survive and proliferate in foreign microenvironments. There is increasing evidence that certain integrins associate with receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) to activate signalling pathways that are necessary for tumour invasion and metastasis. The effect of these integrins might be especially important in cancer cells that have activating mutations, or amplifications, of the genes that encode these RTKs."	0
"Title: Loss of microRNA-143/145 disturbs cellular growth and apoptosis of human epithelial cancers by impairing the MDM2-p53 feedback loop. Abstract: Dysregulated microRNAs (miRNAs) have an important role in many malignant tumors. However, elucidating the roles of miRNAs in cancer biology, especially in epithelial cancers, remains an ongoing process. In this study, we show that both miR-143 and miR-145, which belong to the same miRNA cluster, can negatively modulate expression of their target gene, MDM2. The miR-143 and miR-145 is posttranscriptionally activated by upregulated p53, thereby generating a short miRNAs-MDM2-p53 feedback loop. Re-expression of these miRNAs suppresses cellular growth and triggers the apoptosis of epithelial cancer, in vitro and in vivo, by enhancing p53 activity via MDM2 turnover. Moreover, the miRNA-dependent MDM2 turnover contributes to the equilibrium of repeated p53 pulses in response to DNA damage stress. These findings suggest that MDM2 dysregulation caused by downregulation of miR-143 and miR-145 contributes to epithelial cancer development and has a key role in regulating cellular proliferation and apoptosis. Re-expression of miR-143 and miR-145 may be a reasonable strategy for treatment of epithelial cancers."	0
"Title: Micro-RNAs and ovarian cancer: the state of art and perspectives of clinical research. Abstract: Dysregulation of microRNA (mi-RNA) expression plays a major role in the development and progression of most human malignancies. Members of the miR-200 family, miR-182, miR-214 and miR-221 are frequently up-regulated, whereas miR-100, let-7i, miR-199a, miR-125b, mir-145 and miR-335 are often down-regulated in ovarian cancer compared with normal ovarian tissue. Most mi-RNA signatures are overlapping in different tumor histotypes but some mi-RNAs seem to be histotype specific. For instance, the endometrioid type shares with the serous and clear cell types the up-regulation of miR-200 family members, but also presents over-expression of miR-21, miR-202 and miR-205. Clear cell carcinoma has a significantly higher expression of miR-30a and miR-30a*, whereas mucinous histotype has elevated levels of miR-192/194. In vitro and in vivo investigations have shown that several mi-RNAs can modulate the sensitivity of ovarian cancer to platinum and taxane, and clinical studies have suggested that mi-RNA profiling may predict the outcome of patients with this malignancy. Some mi-RNAs could be used as biomarkers to identify patients that might benefit from the addition of molecularly targeted agents (i.e. anti-angiogenic agents, MET inhibitors and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) inhibitors) to standard chemotherapy. Moreover, mi-RNAs could represent potential targets for the development of novel therapies."	0
"Title: miR-27b is upregulated in cervical carcinogenesis and promotes cell growth and invasion by regulating CDH11 and epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) occurs frequently in cervical carcinogenesis. miRNAs function as tumor-suppressors or oncogenes and are involved in tumor behavior. However, the expression and function of miR-27b in cervical carcinogenesis remain unknown. In the present study, we observed that miR-27b was significantly increased in cervical cancer cells and tissues, and upregulation of miR-27b was negatively associated with its direct target, cadherin 11 (CDH11). Upregulation of miR-27b significantly accelerated the proliferation, cell cycle transition from G1 to S phase, migration and invasion of C33A cells, while downregulation of miR-27b suppressed the proliferation and invasion of HeLa cells. Moreover, CDH11 cDNA transfection impaired the oncogenic effect of miR-27b on cancer cells. Knockdown of CDH11 attenuated the suppressive effect of an miR-27b inhibitor on cervical cancer cells. In addition, we found that CDH11 was involved in miR-27b-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) by regulating expression of E-cadherin, vimentin and N-cadherin. Our results for the first time indicate that miR-27b acting as an oncogene may play an important role in the progression of cervical cancer by modulating CDH11 and EMT."	0
"Title: Expression of microRNA-497 and its prognostic significance in human breast cancer. Abstract: Dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) plays critical roles in tumor progression. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinicopathologic and prognostic significance of miR-497 expression in human breast cancer (BC). Methods: Taqman qRT-PCR assay was performed to detect the expression of microRNA (miR)-497 in 30 pairs of BC tissues and corresponding noncancerous breast tissues. Additionally, the expression of this miRNA was detected in another 128 BC tissues and its correlations with clinicopathologic features of patients were analyzed. Kaplan-Meier analyses were used to assess survival of patients. Univariate and multivariate analyses were performed using the Cox proportional hazards model to analyze the prognostic significance of miR-497 expression. Results: Our data indicated that the relative level of miR-497 expression in BC tissues was significantly lower than that in corresponding noncancerous breast tissues (P = 0.0046). Of 128 BC patients, 74 (57.8%) were placed in the high-miR-497 group and 54 (42.2%) were placed in the low-miR-497 group. By statistical analyses, low miR-497 expression was observed to be closely correlated with higher differentiation grade, positive HER-2 expression, higher incidence of lymph node metastasis and advanced clinical stage. Moreover, patients with high miR-497 expression had better 5-year disease-free and overall survival compared with the low miR-497 group (P = 0.0124 and 0.0018, respectively). Univariate and multivariate analyses indicated that low miR-497 expression was an independent poor prognostic factor for BC patients. Conclusions: Our data provided the first evidence that downregulation of miR-497 was correlated with BC progression, and miR-497 might be a potential molecular biomarker for predicting the prognosis of patients. Virtual slides: The virtual slide(s) for this article can be found here: http://www.diagnosticpathology.diagnomx.eu/vs/2025828761093488."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-320a acts as a tumor suppressor in endometrial carcinoma by targeting IGF-1R. Abstract: Dysregulation of microRNAs (miRs) is implicated in the carcinogenesis of various types of malignant tumor by manipulating cell growth and apoptosis. Abnormal expression of miR?320a is involved in tumorigenesis of many types of cancer. The potential association of miR?320a and the possible regulatory mechanisms in endometrial carcinoma is rarely elucidated. In the present study, it was demonstrated that miR?320a expression was decreased in endometrial carcinoma tissues and cell lines. The present results also indicated that overexpression of miR?320a suppressed cell proliferation through inducing G2/M phrase arrest and apoptosis. Insulin?like growth factor receptror?1 (IGF?1R) was verified to be the potential target of miR?320a by computational analysis and luciferase reporter assays. In addition, overexpression of miR?320a reduced endogenous IGF?1R expression in cells. Furthermore, it was demonstrated that upregulation of miR?320a inhibited phosphorylated (p)?protein kinase B and p?mechanistic target of rapamycin activation and promoted B cell lymphoma?2?associated death promoter expression. Reintroduction of IGF?1R into miR?320a?overexpressed cells antagonized the impact of miR?320a on its downstream protein, which demonstrated that the tumor suppressive role of miR?320a in endometrial carcinoma is exerted by the signal pathway mediated by IGF?1R. It was therefore concluded that miR?320a served an anti?tumor role on endometrial carcinoma through the regulation of IGF?1R, and miR?320a may be used as the target for the gene therapy of endometrial carcinoma."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-135b promotes lung cancer metastasis by regulating multiple targets in the Hippo pathway and LZTS1. Abstract: Dysregulation of microRNAs has a critical role in cancer progression. Here we identify an intronic microRNA, miR-135b that is upregulated in highly invasive non-small-cell lung cancer cells. Expression of miR-135b enhances cancer cell invasive and migratory abilities in vitro and promotes cancer metastasis in vivo, while specific inhibition of miR-135b by a miR-135b-specific molecular sponge and antagomirs suppresses cancer cell invasion, orthotopic lung tumour growth and metastasis in a mouse model. miR-135b targets multiple key components in the Hippo pathway, including LATS2, ?-TrCP and NDR2, as well as LZTS1. Expression of miR-135b, LZTS1, LATS2 and nuclear TAZ predicts poor outcomes of non-small-cell lung cancer. We find that miR-135b is dually regulated by DNA demethylation and nuclear factor-kappaB signalling, implying that abnormal expression of miR-135b in cancer may result from inflammatory and epigenetic modulations. We conclude that miR-135b is an oncogenic microRNA and a potential therapeutic target for non-small-cell lung cancer."	0
"Title: MYO5A inhibition by miR-145 acts as a predictive marker of occult neck lymph node metastasis in human laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Each year, ~50,000 patients worldwide die of laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC) because of its highly metastatic properties. However, its pathogenic mechanisms are still unclear, and in particular, the prediction of metastasis remains elusive. This study aimed to define the role of microRNA-145 (miR-145) in LSCC progression. We also aimed to elucidate the clinical significance of the miR-145/MYO5A pathway, especially the predictive function of MYO5A in neck lymph node metastasis. Materials and methods: MYO5A and miR-145 expression was analyzed in 132 patients with LSCC, and associations between their expression and clinicopathological features were evaluated. We validated the regulatory relationship between miR-145b and MYO5A by dual luciferase reporter assay. The role of the miR-145/MYO5A pathway in proliferation, metastasis, and apoptosis was examined in vitro. The predictive functions of MYO5A in neck lymph node metastasis and prognosis were defined according to patient follow-up. Results: Our results showed downregulation of miR-145 in LSCC, which was negatively correlated with MYO5A suppression of LSCC progression and metastasis. MiR-145 directly regulated MYO5A expression in vitro and suppressed LSCC proliferation and invasion while promoting apoptosis by inhibiting MYO5A. Conclusion: Notably, overexpression of serum MYO5A in LSCC predicted cervical nodal occult metastasis and poor prognosis, providing an effective indicator for predicting neck lymph node metastasis and assessing LSCC prognosis."	0
"Title: Cancer statistics, 2018. Abstract: Each year, the American Cancer Society estimates the numbers of new cancer cases and deaths that will occur in the United States and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence, mortality, and survival. Incidence data, available through 2014, were collected by the Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results Program; the National Program of Cancer Registries; and the North American Association of Central Cancer Registries. Mortality data, available through 2015, were collected by the National Center for Health Statistics. In 2018, 1,735,350 new cancer cases and 609,640 cancer deaths are projected to occur in the United States. Over the past decade of data, the cancer incidence rate (2005-2014) was stable in women and declined by approximately 2% annually in men, while the cancer death rate (2006-2015) declined by about 1.5% annually in both men and women. The combined cancer death rate dropped continuously from 1991 to 2015 by a total of 26%, translating to approximately 2,378,600 fewer cancer deaths than would have been expected if death rates had remained at their peak. Of the 10 leading causes of death, only cancer declined from 2014 to 2015. In 2015, the cancer death rate was 14% higher in non-Hispanic blacks (NHBs) than non-Hispanic whites (NHWs) overall (death rate ratio [DRR], 1.14; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 1.13-1.15), but the racial disparity was much larger for individuals aged <65 years (DRR, 1.31; 95% CI, 1.29-1.32) compared with those aged ?65 years (DRR, 1.07; 95% CI, 1.06-1.09) and varied substantially by state. For example, the cancer death rate was lower in NHBs than NHWs in Massachusetts for all ages and in New York for individuals aged ?65 years, whereas for those aged <65 years, it was 3 times higher in NHBs in the District of Columbia (DRR, 2.89; 95% CI, 2.16-3.91) and about 50% higher in Wisconsin (DRR, 1.78; 95% CI, 1.56-2.02), Kansas (DRR, 1.51; 95% CI, 1.25-1.81), Louisiana (DRR, 1.49; 95% CI, 1.38-1.60), Illinois (DRR, 1.48; 95% CI, 1.39-1.57), and California (DRR, 1.45; 95% CI, 1.38-1.54). Larger racial inequalities in young and middle-aged adults probably partly reflect less access to high-quality health care. CA Cancer J Clin 2018;68:7-30. © 2018 American Cancer Society."	0
"Title: State of the art in microRNA as diagnostic and therapeutic biomarkers in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Abstract: Early diagnostic is one of the most important steps in cancer therapy which helps to design and choose a better therapeutic approach. The finding of biomarkers in various levels including genomics, transcriptomics, and proteomics levels could provide better treatment for various cancers such as chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). The CLL is the one of main lymphoid malignancies which is specified by aggregation of mature B lymphocytes. Among different biomarkers (e.g., CD38, chromosomes abnormalities, ZAP-70, TP53, and microRNA [miRNA]), miRNAs have appeared as new diagnostic and therapeutic biomarkers in patients with the CLL disease. Multiple lines of evidence indicated that deregulation of miRNAs could be associated with pathological events which are present in the CLL. These molecules have an effect on a variety of targets such as Bcl2, c-fos, c-Myc, TP53, TCL1, and STAT3 which play critical roles in the CLL pathogenesis. It has been shown that expression of miRNAs could lead to the activation of B cells and B cell antigen receptor (BCR). Moreover, exosomes containing miRNAs are one of the other molecules which could contribute to BCR stimulation and progression of CLL cells. Hence, miRNAs and exosomes released from CLL cells could be used as potential diagnostic and therapeutic biomarkers for CLL. This critical review focuses on a very important aspect of CLL based on biomarker discovery covers the pros and cons of using miRNAs as important diagnostics and therapeutics biomarkers for this deadly disease."	0
"Title: A circulating non-coding RNA panel as an early detection predictor of non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Early non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) diagnosis is generally poor due to the lack of convenient and noninvasive tools. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) and the long non-coding RNA metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT1) are non-coding RNAs, that have attracted increased attention for their use as NSCLC tumor diagnostic markers. Main methods: We constructed a serum miRNA and MALAT1 non-coding RNA panel and tested its diagnostic performance as an NSCLC biomarker. We tested the expression of 11 candidate miRNAs and MALAT1 in a training set (36 NSCLCs vs. 36 controls) by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reactions. The serum non-coding RNA panel's diagnostic efficiency was tested and validated in a second validation sample set (120 NSCLCs and 71 controls) by receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analyses. Key findings: In the training set, the expression of the four non-coding RNAs (miR-1254, miR-485-5p, miR-574-5p, and MALAT1) was obviously different between the NSCLC patients and healthy controls. Risk score analysis revealed that the four non-coding RNA panel can distinguish NSCLC patient samples from controls. The ROC curve results revealed areas under the curves (AUCs) of 0.861 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.771-0.952) and 0.844 (95% CI0.778-0.910) for the training set and validation set, respectively. Significance: The four non-coding RNA risk scores were also associated with NSCLC progression, and its diagnostic efficiency was relatively high for stages I/II/III. In conclusion, these data indicate that the four non-coding RNA panel can serve as a convenient tool for early NSCLC diagnosis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA dysregulation in cancer: diagnostics, monitoring and therapeutics. A comprehensive review. Abstract: Early studies have shown how aberrantly expressed microRNAs are a hallmark of several diseases like cancer. MicroRNA expression profiling was shown to be associated with tumour development, progression and response to therapy, suggesting their possible use as diagnostic, prognostic and predictive biomarkers. Moreover, based on the increasing number of studies demonstrating that microRNAs can function as potential oncogenes or oncosuppressor genes, with the goal to improve disease response and increase cure rates, miRNA-based anticancer therapies have recently been exploited, either alone or in combination with current targeted therapies. The advantage of using microRNA approaches is based on its ability to concurrently target multiple effectors of pathways involved in cell differentiation, proliferation and survival. Here, we review our current knowledge about the involvement of microRNAs in cancer, and their potential as diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutic tools."	0
"Title: MALAT-1, a novel noncoding RNA, and thymosin beta4 predict metastasis and survival in early-stage non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) can be cured by surgical resection, but a substantial fraction of patients ultimately dies due to distant metastasis. In this study, we used subtractive hybridization to identify gene expression differences in stage I NSCLC tumors that either did or did not metastasize in the course of disease. Individual clones (n=225) were sequenced and quantitative RT-PCR verified overexpression in metastasizing samples. Several of the identified genes (eIF4A1, thymosin beta4 and a novel transcript named MALAT-1) were demonstrated to be significantly associated with metastasis in NSCLC patients (n=70). The genes' association with metastasis was stage- and histology specific. The Kaplan-Meier analyses identified MALAT-1 and thymosin beta4 as prognostic parameters for patient survival in stage I NSCLC. The novel MALAT-1 transcript is a noncoding RNA of more than 8000 nt expressed from chromosome 11q13. It is highly expressed in lung, pancreas and other healthy organs as well as in NSCLC. MALAT-1 expressed sequences are conserved across several species indicating its potentially important function. Taken together, these data contribute to the identification of early-stage NSCLC patients that are at high risk to develop metastasis. The identification of MALAT-1 emphasizes the potential role of noncoding RNAs in human cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-9 downregulates CDX2 expression in gastric cancer cells. Abstract: Ectopic expression of CDX2, a caudal-related homeobox protein, is known to be associated with the development of intestinal metaplasia in the stomach and gastric carcinogenesis. Previously, we reported that DNA methylation was partly responsible for CDX2 silencing in gastric cancer (GC). However, the mechanism underlying the aberrant expression of CDX2 during malignant transformation remained unclear. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that function as post-transcriptional regulators. To elucidate the role of miRNAs in CDX2 downregulation in GC cells, putative miRNAs, such as miR-9, were computationally predicted. After exogenous pre-miR-9 precursor transfection, the luciferase activity of a reporter vector containing a part of the 3'-UTR of CDX2 was downregulated in HEK-293T cells. The inverse correlation between the miR-9 and CDX2 protein levels was demonstrated in GC cell lines. By means of miR-9 overexpression and knockdown techniques, the expression levels of the CDX2 protein and downstream target genes (p21, MUC2 and TFF3) were responsively altered in MKN45 and NUGC-3 cells. Transfection of an anti-miR-9 molecule significantly inhibited cell growth by promoting G(1) cell cycle arrest in MKN45 cells similarly to the effect of CDX2 overexpression. Moreover, examination of the miR-9 levels in primary GC tissues revealed that the amounts of miR-9 in the CDX2-negative group were significantly higher than those in the CDX2-positive group (p = 0.004). Therefore, miR-9 might repress CDX2 expression via the binding site in the 3'-UTR, resulting in the promotion of cell proliferation in GCs."	0
"Title: Targeting progesterone signaling prevents metastatic ovarian cancer. Abstract: Effective cancer prevention requires the discovery and intervention of a factor critical to cancer development. Here we show that ovarian progesterone is a crucial endogenous factor inducing the development of primary tumors progressing to metastatic ovarian cancer in a mouse model of high-grade serous carcinoma (HGSC), the most common and deadliest ovarian cancer type. Blocking progesterone signaling by the pharmacologic inhibitor mifepristone or by genetic deletion of the progesterone receptor (PR) effectively suppressed HGSC development and its peritoneal metastases. Strikingly, mifepristone treatment profoundly improved mouse survival (?18 human years). Hence, targeting progesterone/PR signaling could offer an effective chemopreventive strategy, particularly in high-risk populations of women carrying a deleterious mutation in theBRCAgene."	0
"Title: Identification of plasma microRNA profiles for primary resistance to EGFR-TKIs in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients with EGFR activating mutation. Abstract: EGFR mutation is a strong predictor of efficacy of epidermal growth factor receptor tyrosine kinase inhibitor (EGFR-TKIs) therapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, around 20-30 % of EGFR-mutated cases showed no response to EGFR-TKIs, suggesting that other determinants beyond EGFR mutation likely exist. This study analyzed the role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in primary resistance to EGFR-TKIs in advanced NSCLC patients with EGFR mutation. Methods: Training group: 20 advanced NSCLC patients with EGFR 19 deletion treated with first-line EGFR-TKIs were enrolled; half of them had dramatic responses while the other half had primary resistance. Matched plasma samples were collected for miRNA profiling using TaqMan low-density array (TLDA). Bioinformatics analyses were used to identify related miRNAs possibly accounted for resistance. Testing group: Quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR (qRT-PCR) was employed to detect the level of miRNA with significant differential expression in the training set. Validation group: Another cohort with EGFR 19 deletion mutations, who had dramatically different responses to EGFR-TKI, was used to validate the difference of miRNA expression between the sensitive and resistant groups using RT-PCR. Results: Training group: 153 miRNAs were found to be differentially expressed between the sensitive and resistant groups. Potential target genes were predicted with a target scan database. Twelve differentially expressed miRNAs were selected for the analysis because of their known roles in tumorigenesis of lung cancer, resistance to drugs, and regulation of EGFR pathway. Training group: three out of the 12 miRNAs (miR-21, AmiR-27a, and miR-218) were verified to have significantly higher expression (P miR-21 = 0.004, P miR-27a = 0.009, P miR-218 = 0.041, respectively) in the resistant group compared to the sensitive group. Validation group: The expression levels of these three miRNAs were validated to be significantly different (P = 0.011, 0.011, 0.026, respectively) in the validation cohort (n = 34). Conclusions: Higher expression levels of miR-21, AmiR-27a, and miR-218 detected in this study suggest potential roles of these miRNAs in primary resistance to EGFR-TKI in advanced NSCLC patients with EGFR exon 19 deletion mutations. These findings need to be further confirmed in a study with a larger sample size."	0
"Title: Expression and activity of eIF6 trigger malignant pleural mesothelioma growth in vivo. Abstract: eIF6 is an antiassociation factor that regulates the availability of active 80S. Its activation is driven by the RACK1/PKC? axis, in a mTORc1 independent manner. We previously described that eIF6 haploinsufficiency causes a striking survival in the E?-Myc mouse lymphoma model, with lifespans extended up to 18 months. Here we screen for eIF6 expression in human cancers. We show that Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma tumors (MPM) and a MPM cell line (REN cells) contain high levels of hyperphosphorylated eIF6. Enzastaurin is a PKC beta inhibitor used in clinical trials. We prove that Enzastaurin treatment decreases eIF6 phosphorylation rate, but not eIF6 protein stability. The growth of REN, in vivo, and metastasis are reduced by either Enzastaurin treatment or eIF6 shRNA. Molecular analysis reveals that eIF6 manipulation affects the metabolic status of malignant mesothelioma cells. Less glycolysis and less ATP content are evident in REN cells depleted for eIF6 or treated with Enzastaurin (Anti-Warburg effect). We propose that eIF6 is necessary for malignant mesothelioma growth, in vivo, and can be targeted by kinase inhibitors."	0
"Title: Murine embryonic stem cell differentiation is promoted by SOCS-3 and inhibited by the zinc finger transcription factor Klf4. Abstract: Embryonic stem (ES) cells homozygous for a Shp-2 mutation (Shp-2(Delta46-110)) demonstrate leukemia inhibitory factor (LIF) hypersensitivity and increased LIF-stimulated phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription (STAT3). We hypothesized that LIF-responsive genes in Shp-2(Delta46-110) cells would represent potential candidates for molecules vital for ES cell self-renewal. Using microarray analysis, we detected 41 genes whose expression was modified by LIF in Shp-2(Delta46-110) ES cells. Induction of 2 significantly up-regulated genes, suppressor of cytokine signaling-3 (SOCS-3) and Kruppel-like factor 4 (Klf4), was verified using Northern blotting. ES cells overexpressing SOCS-3 had an increased capacity to differentiate to hematopoietic progenitors, rather than to self-renew. In contrast, ES cells overexpressing Klf4 had a greater capacity to self-renew based on secondary embryoid body (EB) formation. Klf4-transduced d6 EBs expressed higher levels of Oct-4, consistent with the notion that Klf4 promotes ES cell self-renewal. These findings verify the negative role of SOCS-3 on LIF signaling and provide a novel role for Klf4 in ES cell function."	0
"Title: miR-143 and miR-145 inhibit stem cell characteristics of PC-3 prostate cancer cells. Abstract: Emerging evidence demonstrates that cancer stem cells (CSCs) are the critical drivers of tumor progression and metastasis. The microRNAs (miRNAs) may play a crucial role in repressing/promoting metastasis of cancer by regulating CSCs. A previous study showed that miR-143 and miR-145 play an important role in regulating bone metastasis of prostate cancer (PCa), but the exact mechanism of regulation of bone metastasis of PCa is not fully understood. In this study, we found that overexpression of miR-143 and miR-145 inhibited the cell viability and colony formation of PC-3 cells from PCa bone metastasis. Furthermore, miR-143 and miR-145 suppressed tumor sphere formation and expression of CSC markers and 'stemness' factors including CD133, CD44, Oct4, c-Myc and Klf4 in PC-3 cells. The study further found that miR-143 and miR-145 inhibit bone invasion and tumorigenicity of PC-3 cells in vivo. Collectively, these findings demonstrate that miR-143 and miR-145 inhibit CSC properties of PC-3 cells and suggest that miR-143 and miR-145 may play a significant role in the bone metastasis progression of PCa by regulating CSC characteristics."	0
"Title: microRNA-499a promotes the progression and chemoresistance of cervical cancer cells by targeting SOX6. Abstract: Emerging evidence has indicated that microRNAs are involved in multiple processes of cancer development. Previous studies have demonstrated that microRNA-499a (miR-499a) plays both oncogenic and tumor suppressive roles in several types of malignancies, and genetic variants in miR-499a are associated with the risk of cervical cancer. However, the biological roles of miR-499a in cervical cancer have not been investigated. Quantitative real-time PCR was used to assess miR-499a expression in cervical cancer cells. Mimics or inhibitor of miR-499a was transfected into cervical cancer cells to upregulate or downregulate miR-499a expression. The effects of miR-499a expression change on cervical cancer cells proliferation, colony formation, tumorigenesis, chemosensitivity, transwell migration and invasion were assessed. The potential targets of miR-499a were predicted using online database tools and validated using real-time PCR, Western blot and luciferase reporter experiments. miR-499a was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer cells. Moreover, overexpression of miR-499a significantly enhanced the proliferation, cell cycle progression, colony formation, apoptosis resistance, migration and invasion of cervical cancer cells, while inhibiting miR-499a showed the opposite effects. Further exploration demonstrated that Sex-determining region Y box 6 was the direct target of miR-499a. miR-499a-induced SOX6 downregulation mediated the oncogenic effects of miR-499a in cervical cancer. Inhibiting miR-499a could enhance the anticancer effects of cisplatin in the xenograft mouse model of cervical cancer. Our findings for the first time suggest that miRNA-499a may play an important role in the development of cervical cancer and could serve as a potential therapeutic target."	0
"Title: MicroRNA deregulation in triple negative breast cancer reveals a role of miR-498 in regulating BRCA1 expression. Abstract: Emerging evidence suggests that BRCA1 pathway contributes to the behavior of sporadic triple negative breast cancer (TNBC), but little is known about the mechanisms underlying this association. Considering the central role that microRNAs (miRNAs) play in gene expression regulation, the aim of this study was to identify miRNAs specifically deregulated in TNBC and investigate their involvement in BRCA1 regulation. Using locked nucleic acid (LNA)-based microarrays, expression levels of 1919 miRNAs were measured in paraffin-embedded tissues from 122 breast tumors and 11 healthy breast tissue samples. Differential miRNA expression was explored among the main subtypes of breast cancer, and 105 miRNAs were identified as specific for triple negative tumors. In silico prediction revealed that miR-498 and miR-187-5p target BRCA1, and these results were confirmed by luciferase reporter assay. While miR-187-5p was found overexpressed in a luminal B cell line, miR-498 was highly expressed in a triple negative cell line, Hs578T, and its expression was negatively correlated with the levels of BRCA1. We functionally demonstrated that miR-498 inhibits BRCA1 in breast cancer cell lines, and showed that inhibition of miR-498 led to reduced proliferation in the triple negative cell line Hs578T. Our results indicate that miR-498 regulates BRCA1 expression in breast cancer and its overexpression could contribute to the pathogenesis of sporadic TNBC via BRCA1 downregulation."	0
"Title: Association between polymorphisms in the promoter region of miR-143/145 and risk of colorectal cancer. Abstract: Emerging evidence suggests that down-regulated miRNAs play an important role in the carcinogenesis of colorectal cancer (CRC). Single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in the promoter region of miRNAs may disturb miRNAs processing, alter their expression, and ultimately affect an individual's susceptibility to CRC. We conducted a case-control study and analyzed twelve SNPs in the promoter region of miR-143/145 of 525 subjects including 242 cases with CRC and 283 controls using polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP) assay. The mutant genotypes or alleles of rs41291957, rs353292, rs353293, and rs4705341 were significantly associated with an increased risk of CRC compared with the wild genotypes or alleles, while rs4705343, rs17796757, rs3733845, and rs3733846 were significantly associated with a decreased risk of CRC. When stratification analysis was done by different variables, such as tumor size, tumor site, differentiated status, clinical stage, and metastasis status, we found that patients with the mutant allele of rs41291957 had an increased risk to develop a tumor size larger than 5 cm. These findings suggest that SNPs in the promoter region of miR-143/145 may be related to the etiology of CRC. However, further larger studies with different ethnic origins are needed to confirm our results due to limited sample sizes in the study."	0
"Title: Downregulation of miR-193b contributes to enhance urokinase-type plasminogen activator (uPA) expression and tumor progression and invasion in human breast cancer. Abstract: Emerging evidence suggests the potential involvement of altered regulation of miRNAs in the pathogenesis of cancers, and these miRNAs are thought to be functional as tumor suppressors or oncogenes. Using miRNA arrays, we identified an miRNA differentially expressed between the MDA-MB-231 cell line and its highly metastatic variant. A bioinformatics search revealed a potential target site for miR-193b within the 3'UTR of uPA. Ectopic expression of miR-193b repressed the expression of sensor constructs harboring the 3'UTR of uPA in breast cancer cell lines. Anti-miR-193b treatment led to an increase of uPA protein and increased cell invasion in MDA-MB-231 cells. In contrast, overexpression of miR-193b significantly reduced uPA protein amounts and inhibited cell invasion in MDA-MB-231 and MDA-MB-435 cells. In an immunodeficient mouse model, miR-193b significantly inhibited the growth and dissemination of xenograft tumors. Immunohistochemical staining and real-time PCR assays showed that miR-193b was a negative regulator of the uPA gene in primary breast tumors. Our research reveals that miR-193b is closely associated with clinical metastasis and identifies miR-193b potentially targets uPA transcripts. Perturbation of the miRNA-mRNA pairing may have important roles in the initiation and development of breast cancer."	0
"Title: miR-139 Controls Viability Of Ovarian Cancer Cells Through Apoptosis Induction And Exosome Shedding Inhibition By Targeting ATP7A. Abstract: Emerging proof suggests that microRNA (miRNA) malfunction is correlated to the generation and development of multiple malignancies. It has been proven that miRNA (miR)-139 represses a variety of malignancies. However, the understanding of its impact on ovarian cancer (OC) is insufficient. We aimed to investigate the expression and function of miR-139 in OC. Methods: The expression of mir-139 was detected and recorded, and the relationship of mir-139 remaining OC cells was explored. At the same time, we studied the correlation between ATP7A and mir-139 by the luciferase reporter test, Western blot, and quantitative real-time reverse transcription PCR. Results: The expression of miR-139 was remarkably downregulated in OC specimens. Furthermore, excessive miR-139 expression noticeably inhibited the migration, colony generation, proliferation, and invasion of OC cells. In addition, excessive miR-139 expression remarkably repressed the death and the expression of proteins related to cell death in OC cells, as well as inhibited the shedding of exosomes. According to the luciferase reporter test, Western blot, and quantitative real-time reverse transcription PCR, miR-139 directly targeted ATP7A. Furthermore, the expression of ATP7A was found to be negatively related to miR-139 levels in OC specimens. It was revealed via a rescue experiment that excessive ATP7A expression counteracted the repressive effect of miR-139 in OC cells. Conclusion: It was revealed via an in vivo study that miR-139 remarkably inhibited the growth of malignancies by downregulating ATP7A in nude mice. miR-139 represses the development of malignancies in OC by directly targeting ATP7A, offering an innovative approach for molecular therapy of OC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-191 regulates endometrial cancer cell growth via TET1-mediated epigenetic modulation of APC. Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC) is a common gynecological malignancy with relatively favourable prognosis, although alternative diagnostic and therapeutic options remain to be explored for advanced disease. Recent studies enabled to apply microRNAs (miRs) to clinical cancer management as promising diagnostic and therapeutic biomarkers. We here aimed to identify proliferation-associated miRNAs and characterize their functions in EC cells. Our small RNA-sequencing analysis showed that miR-191 is abundantly expressed in HEC-1A and Ishikawa EC cells along with the high expression of miR-182, which was previously characterized as an EC proliferation-related miRNA in EC. We showed that miR-191 was upregulated in EC tissues than in adjacent normal tissues and its knockdown repressed EC cell proliferation. In silico miRNA target screening identified that ten-eleven translocation 1 (TET1) is one of the putative miR-191 targets. TET1 expression could be downregulated by miR-191 through the mRNA-miRNA interaction in the 3'-untranslated region of TET1. In line with TET1 functions as a methylcytosine dioxygenase, which removes genome-wide DNA methylation marks, decreased TET1 expression resulted in hypermethylation in the promotor region of tumour suppressor adenomatous polyposis coli. Taken together, miR-191 could function as an oncogenic miRNA in EC and serve as a prospective diagnostic and therapeutic target for advanced disease."	0
"Title: MiR-143 inhibits endometrial cancer cell proliferation and metastasis by targeting MAPK1 . Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC) is one of the most commonly diagnosed gynecologic malignancies in the world, with the morbidity rate of over 7%. The mechanism of the pathogenesis has not been specifically elucidated to date, which is imperative for EC treatment. The aim of our study was to investigate the target relationship between miR-143 and mitogen-activated protein kinase 1 (MAPK1) and explore the effect of miR-143 on the endometrial cancers (EC) cells through targetingMAPK1. We collected EC tissues and adjacent tissues, and transfected miR-143 mimics andMAPK1siRNA into EC cells with lipofectamine. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) and western blot were used to examine the expression of miR-143 andMAPK1mRNA and the protein expression ofMAPK1. Cell counting kit-8, wound healing assay, flow cytometry and transwell assay were applied to examining the alteration of the proliferation, migration, cell cycle and invasion ability of EC cells. We predicted the targeting gene of miR-143 through bioinformatics analysis. MiR-143 was found under-expressed in EC tissues and cells. Overexpression of miR-143 or knockdown ofMAPK1in human EC cell line HEC-1B inhibited the EC cell proliferation, migration and invasion and induced apoptosis.MAPK1was verified to be a target gene of miR-143. MiR-143 overexpression could effectively inhibit mRNA and protein expression ofMAPK1in HEC-1B cells. Collectively, miR-143 might inhibit the proliferation, migration and invasion of EC cells, and promote the apoptosis of EC cells by suppressingMAPK1. These findings provided a view for new and potential therapeutic method for the clinical treatment of EC."	0
"Title: MiR-1271 inhibits cell proliferation and metastasis by targeting LDHA in endometrial cancer. Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC) is one of the most frequent malignant with high incidence worldwide. The poor prognosis of EC is mainly due to the lack of efficient treatment and diagnosis. The biological role of microRNA-1271 (miR-1271) in EC is still unknown. In the current research, we mainly aimed to figure out the role of miR-1271 in EC progression. Patients and methods: MiR-1271 expression in EC was evaluated by quantitative Real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) assay. Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) assay and colony formation assay were employed to examine cell proliferation ability. Transwell assay and Matrigel assay were conducted to detect cell migration and invasion. Bioinformatics analysis and dual-luciferase reporter gene assay were employed to predict and verify the target genes of miR-1271. The protein level of lactate dehydrogenase A (LDHA) was assessed by Western blotting with normalization to glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase (GAPDH). Results: MiR-1271 was downregulated in EC through qRT-PCR determination. CCK-8 assay and colony formation assay indicated that over-expression of miR-1271 suppressed cell proliferation in EC. Through the transwell assay and Matrigel assay, the data indicated that miR-1271 suppressed cell migration and invasion. By bioinformatics analysis and dual-luciferase reporter gene assay, LDHA was verified to be a direct downstream target of miR-1271. In the rescue assay, it was proved that miR-1271 inhibited cell proliferation and metastasis by regulating LDHA in EC. Conclusions: We showed that miR-1271 functioned as a tumor suppressor in EC by targeting LDHA, which may bring a novel insight for developing novel biomarkers and treatment strategies in EC."	0
"Title: miR-130b is an EMT-related microRNA that targets DICER1 for aggression in endometrial cancer. Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC) is the most common gynecologic malignancy, but the molecular events involved in the development and progression of EC remain unclear. Certain microRNAs (miRNAs) and DICER1 play important roles in cell motility and survival. This study investigated the role of miR-130b and DICER1 in EC. We profiled miR-130b and DICER1 expression in clinical samples explored its relationship with clinical parameters. A luciferase reporter assay assessed the miR-130b targeting potential of DICER1. We show both in vitro and in vivo that miR-130b overexpression along with DICER1 dysfunction leads to tumor aggression and miRNA synthesis abnormalities that are related to cancer hallmarks through DICER1-miRNAs axis modulation. We also identify the mechanism related to this potential tumor predisposing phenotype: miR-130b and loss of DICER1 induced abnormal expression of EMT-related genes, which constitutes a loop regulation of the miR-130b-DICER1-EMT axis."	0
"Title: HDAC6, modulated by miR-206, promotes endometrial cancer progression through the PTEN/AKT/mTOR pathway. Abstract: Endometrial cancer (EC) is the sixth most common cancer in women. Since early EC has a good prognosis, identifying methods for early diagnosis is valuable. Here, we aimed to study the role of HDAC6, which has been indicated important in many kinds of cancers, in EC diagnosis and therapy. First, the expression levels of HDAC6 in EC tissues and cells were measured by qRT-PCR and Western blotting, and through bioinformatics and dual luciferase assays, HDAC6 was found to be a direct target of miR-206. Then, CCK-8, colony formation, wound healing, and Transwell assays were performed; these results indicated that HDAC6 promoted EC cell proliferation, metastasis and invasion, while miR-206 produced the opposite effects. In addition, rescue assays verified that the effect of miR-206 could be reversed by HDAC6, and global gene expression analysis confirmed the relationship between miR-206 and HDAC6. Finally, we measured the levels of PTEN, p-AKT and p-mTOR and other key molecules and speculated that miR-206 might target HDAC6 to suppress EC progression via the PTEN/AKT/mTOR pathway. In conclusion, downregulation of miR-206 and upregulation of HDAC6 in EC may predict poor prognosis, and as the target gene of miR-206, HDAC achieves its carcinogenic effect through the PTEN/AKT/mTOR pathway."	0
"Title: Dysregulation of miR-181c expression influences recurrence of endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma by modulating NOTCH2 expression: An NRG Oncology/Gynecologic Oncology Group study. Abstract: Endometrial cancer can be diagnosed early and cured, yet cases that recur portend a very poor prognosis with over 10,000 women succumbing to the disease every year. In this study we addressed the question of how to recognize cases likely to recur early in the course of therapy using dysregulation of tumor microRNAs (miRNAs) as predictors. Methods: Using the tissue collection from Gynecologic Oncology Group Study-210, we selected and analyzed expression of miRNAs in 54 recurrent and non-recurrent cases. The three most common histologic types, endometrioid adenocarcinoma (EEA), serous adenocarcinoma (ESA) and carcinosarcoma (UCS), were analyzed as three independent sets and their miRNA expression profiles compared. Results: Only one miRNA was statistically different between recurrent and non-recurrent cases, and in only one histologic type: significant down-regulation of miR-181c was observed in EEA recurrence. Using several well-known databases to assess miR-181c targets, one target of particular relevance to cancer, NOTCH2, was well supported. Using The Cancer Genome Atlas and our validation tumor panel from the GOG-210 cohort, we confirmed that NOTCH2 is significantly over-expressed in EEA. In the most relevant endometrial adenocarcinoma cell model, Ishikawa H, altering miR-181c expression produces significant changes in NOTCH2 expression, consistent with direct targeting. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that increased NOTCH2 via loss of miR-181c is a significant component of EEA recurrence. This presents an opportunity to develop miR-181c and NOTCH2 as markers for early identification of high risk cases and the use of NOTCH inhibitors in the prevention or treatment of recurrent disease."	0
"Title: The rise of a novel classification system for endometrial carcinoma; integration of molecular subclasses. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is a clinically heterogeneous disease and it is becoming increasingly clear that this heterogeneity may be a function of the diversity of the underlying molecular alterations. Recent large-scale genomic studies have revealed that endometrial cancer can be divided into at least four distinct molecular subtypes, with well-described underlying genomic aberrations. These subtypes can be reliably delineated and carry significant prognostic as well as predictive information; embracing and incorporating them into clinical practice is thus attractive. The road towards the integration of molecular features into current classification systems is not without obstacles. Collaborative studies engaging research teams from across the world are working to define pragmatic assays, improve risk stratification systems by combining molecular features and traditional clinicopathological parameters, and determine how molecular classification can be optimally utilized to direct patient care. Pathologists and clinicians caring for women with endometrial cancer need to engage with and understand the possibilities and limitations of this new approach, because integration of molecular classification of endometrial cancers is anticipated to become an essential part of gynaecological pathology practice. This review will describe the challenges in current systems of endometrial carcinoma classification, the evolution of new molecular technologies that define prognostically distinct molecular subtypes, and potential applications of molecular classification as a step towards precision medicine and refining care for individuals with the most common gynaecological cancer in the developed world. Copyright © 2018 Pathological Society of Great Britain and Ireland. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."	0
"Title: Expression of PSCA, PIWIL1, and TBX2 in endometrial adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is the 4th most common gynecological cancer. The expression of prostate stem cell antigen (PSCA), piwi-like 1 (PIWIL1), and T-box 2 (TBX2) in endometrial cancer remains to be elucidated. Material and methods: The expression of PSCA, PIWIL1, and TBX2 was examined using the streptavidin-peroxidase method in 64 endometrial endometrioid adenocarcinoma (EAC) and paired normal endometrium (NE) samples from the Shaanxi Province in China. Results: Positive expression rates of PSCA, PIWIL1, and TBX2 were 75% (48/64), 25% (16/64), and 56% (36/64), respectively in EACs, but 5% (3/64), 6% (4/64), and 2% (1/64), respectively in NEs. The difference was statistically significant (p < 0.05). PSCA was positively correlated with TBX2 (p = 0.003) but not PIWIL1 (p = 0.188). PIWIL1 was positively correlated with TBX2 (p = 0.003). PSCA was positively correlated with age, tumor grade, and lymph node metastasis (p < 0.05). TBX2 had an association with lymph node metastasis (p = 0.014). PIWIL1 was not associated with clinicopathological features (p > 0.05). Conclusions: We report the first analysis of PSCA, PIWIL1, and TBX2 expression in EAC. Our findings suggest that PSCA and TBX2 might be candidate targets for cancer therapy, and have helped us further understand the carcinogenesis of endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: Restoration of microRNA-29c in type I endometrioid cancer reduced endometrial cancer cell growth. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is the most common gynaecological cancer worldwide, and the prognosis of patients with advanced disease remains poor. MicroRNAs (miRs) are dysregulated in endometrial cancer. miRs-29-a, -b and -c expression levels are downregulated in endometrial cancer; however, a specific role for miR-29c and its target genes remain to be elucidated. The aim of the present study was to determine the functional effect of restoring miR-29c expression in endometrial cancer cell lines and to identify miR-29c targets involved in cancer progression. miR-29c expression in human endometrial tumour grades 1-3 and benign tissue as well as in the endometrial cancer cell lines Ishikawa, HEC1A and AN3CA were analysed using reverse transcriptase-quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR). The cell lines were transfected with miR-29c mimic, miR-29c inhibitor or scrambled control. xCELLigence real-time cell monitoring analysed proliferation and migration, and flow cytometry was used to analyse apoptosis and cell cycle. The expression of miR-29c target genes in transfected cell lines was analysed using RT-qPCR. miR-29c was downregulated in grade 1-3 endometrial cancer samples compared with benign endometrium. miR-29c was reduced in Ishikawa and AN3CA cells, but not in HEC1A cell lines compared with non-cancerous primary human endometrial epithelial cells. Overexpression of miR-29c variably reduced proliferation, increased apoptosis and reduced the expression levels of miR-29c target genes, including cell division cycle 42, HMG-box transcription factor 1, integrin subunit ? 1, MCL1 apoptosis regulator BCL2 family member, MDM2 proto-oncogene, serum/glucocorticoid regulated kinase 1, sirtuin 1 and vascular endothelial growth factor A, across the three cell lines investigated. Inhibition of miR-29c in HEC1A cells increased proliferation and collagen type IV ? 1 chain expression. The re-introduction of miR-29c to endometrial cancer cell lines reduced proliferation, increased apoptosis and reduced miR-29c target gene expressionin vitro. The present results suggested that miR-29c may be a potential therapeutic target for endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: Current recommendations and recent progress in endometrial cancer. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic cancer in the United States, and its incidence is rising. Although there have been significant recent advances in our understanding of endometrial cancer biology, many aspects of treatment remain mired in controversy, including the role of surgical lymph node assessment and the selection of patients for adjuvant radiation or chemotherapy. For the subset of women with microsatellite-instable, metastatic disease, anti- programmed cell death protein 1 immunotherapy (pembrolizumab) is now approved by the US Food and Drug Administration, and numerous trials are attempting to build on this early success."	0
"Title: miRNAs as Candidate Biomarker for the Accurate Detection of Atypical Endometrial Hyperplasia/Endometrial Intraepithelial Neoplasia. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic malignancy in developed countries. Estrogen-dependent tumors (type I, endometrioid) account for 80% of cases and non-estrogen-dependent (type II, non-endometrioid) account for the rest. Endometrial cancer type I is generally thought to develop via precursor lesions along with the increasing accumulation of molecular genetic alterations. Endometrial hyperplasia with atypia/Endometrial Intraepithelial Neoplasia is the least common type of hyperplasia but it is the type most likely to progress to type I cancer, whereas endometrial hyperplasia without atypia rarely progresses to carcinoma. MicroRNAs are a class of small, non-coding, single-stranded RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression mainly binding to 3'-untranslated region of target mRNAs. In the current study, we identified a microRNAs signature (miR-205, miR-146a, miR-1260b) able to discriminate between atypical and typical endometrial hyperplasia in two independent cohorts of patients. The identification of molecular markers that can distinguish between these two distinct pathological conditions is considered to be highly useful for the clinical management of patients because hyperplasia with an atypical change is associated with a higher risk of developing cancer. We show that the combination of miR-205, -146a, and -1260b has the best predictive power in discriminating these two conditions (>90%). With the aim to find a biological role for these three microRNAs, we focused our attention on a common putative target involved in endometrial carcinogenesis: the oncosuppressor gene SMAD4. We showed that miRs-146a,-205, and-1260b directly target SMAD4 and their enforced expression induced proliferation and migration of Endometrioid Cancer derived cell lines, Hec1a cells. These data suggest that microRNAs-mediated impairment of the TGF-? pathway, due to inhibition of its effector molecule SMAD4, is a relevant molecular alteration in endometrial carcinoma development. Our findings show a potential diagnostic role of this microRNAs signature for the accurate diagnosis of Endometrial hyperplasia with atypia/Endometrial Intraepithelial Neoplasia and improve the understanding of their pivotal role in SMAD4 regulation."	0
"Title: miR-137 is a tumor suppressor in endometrial cancer and is repressed by DNA hypermethylation. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecological cancer in the United States. We wanted to identify epigenetic aberrations involving microRNAs (miRNAs), whose genes become hypermethylated in endometrial primary tumors. By integrating known miRNA sequences from the miRNA database (miRBase) with DNA methylation data from methyl-CpG-capture sequencing, we identified 111 differentially methylated regions (DMRs) associated with CpG islands (CGIs) and miRNAs. Among them, 22 DMRs related to 29 miRNAs and within 8 kb of CGIs were hypermethylated in endometrial tumors but not in normal endometrium. miR-137 was further validated in additional endometrial primary tumors. Hypermethylation of miR-137 was found in both endometrioid and serous endometrial cancer (P < 0.01), and it led to the loss of miR-137 expression. Treating hypermethylated endometrial cancer cells with epigenetic inhibitors reactivated miR-137. Moreover, genetic overexpression of miR-137 suppressed cancer cell proliferation and colony formation in vitro. When transfected cancer cells were implanted into nude mice, the cells that overexpressed miR-137 grew more slowly and formed smaller tumors (P < 0.05) than vector transfectants. Histologically, xenograft tumors from cancer cells expressing miR-137 were less proliferative (P < 0.05), partly due to inhibition of EZH2 and LSD1 expression (P < 0.01) in both the transfected cancer cells and tumors. Reporter assays indicated that miR-137 targets EZH2 and LSD1. These results suggest that miR-137 is a tumor suppressor that is repressed in endometrial cancer because the promoter of its gene becomes hypermethylated."	0
"Title: MiR-200a promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition of endometrial cancer cells by negatively regulating FOXA2 expression. Abstract: Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecological cancer. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) plays a critical role in tumor invasion and metastasis, which limits the success of treatment. Here, we investigated the roles of forkhead box A2 (FOXA2) and microRNA-200a (miR-200a) in regulating the EMT of endometrial cancer cells RL95-2. Empty vector or FOXA2 was stably transfected into RL95-2 cells. MTT assay measured cell proliferation, apoptosis assay measured apoptosis, Transwell invasion assay measured cell invasion, and Western blot measured the protein expression of FOXA2, E-cadherin, and vimentin. ChIP assay determined the binding of FOXA2 to E-cadherin promoter. For miR-200a analysis, the cells with stable FOXA2 expression were transfected with miR-negative control or miR-200a. Forced expression of FOXA2 decreased the proliferation and invasion, and increased the apoptosis of RL95-2 cells. FOXA2 also affected the EMT-associated proteins: FOXA2 increased the protein expression of E-cadherin and decreased the expression of vimentin. Moreover, FOXA2 positively regulated the promoter of E-cadherin in RL95-2 cells. Luciferase reporter assay identified FOXA2 as a target of miR-200a, which negatively regulated FOXA2. Western blot results showed that overexpression of miR-200a decreased the expression of E-cadherin but increased the expression of vimentin in the endometrial cancer cells by downregulating FOXA2 expression. FOXA2 may act as a tumor suppressor and inhibit EMT of endometrial cancer cells. FOXA2 expression is controlled by miR-200a, which promotes EMT of the endometrial cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-505 functions as a tumor suppressor in endometrial cancer by targeting TGF-?. Abstract: Endometrial carcinoma (EC) is one of the most lethal gynecologic cancers. Patients frequently have regional or distant metastasis at diagnosis. MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNAs that participate in numerous biological processes. Recent studies have demonstrated that miR-505 is associated with several types of cancer; however, the expression and function of miR-505 have not been investigated in EC. Methods: miR-505 expression in normal endometrial tissue, endometrial carcinomas were quantified by Quantitative reverse transcription PCR. The endometrial carcinoma cell lines HEC-1B and Ishikawa were each transfected with miR-505 or scrambled mimics, after which cell phenotype and expression of relevant molecules were assayed. Dual-luciferase reporter assay and a xenograft mouse model were used to examine miR-505 and its target gene TGF-?. Results: RT-PCR results demonstrated that miR-505 was significantly downregulated in human EC tissues compared to normal endometrial tissues. Besides, miR-505 expression was negatively associated with FIGO stage (stage I-II vs. III-IV), and lymph node metastasis (negative vs. positive). In vitro, overexpression of miR-505 significantly suppressed EC cell proliferation, increased apoptosis and reduced migratory and invasive activity. A miR-505 binding site was identified in the 3' untranslated region of TGF-? mRNA (TGFA) using miRNA target-detecting software; a dual luciferase reporter assay confirmed that miR-505 directly targets and regulates TGFA. RT-PCR and Western-blotting results indicated that overexpressing miR-505 reduced the expression of TGF-? and the TGF-?-regulated proteins MMP2, MMP9, CDK2, while induced Bax and cleaved-PARP expression in EC cells. In vivo, overexpression of miR-505 reduced the tumorigenicity and inhibited the growth of xenograft tumors in a mouse model of EC. Conclusions: Taken together, this study demonstrates that miR-505 acts as tumor suppressor in EC by regulating TGF-?."	0
"Title: New classification of endometrial cancers: the development and potential applications of genomic-based classification in research and clinical care. Abstract: Endometrial carcinoma (EC) is the fourth most common cancer in women in the developed world. Classification of ECs by histomorphologic criteria has limited reproducibility and better tools are needed to distinguish these tumors and enable a subtype-specific approach to research and clinical care. Based on the Cancer Genome Atlas, two research teams have developed pragmatic molecular classifiers that identify four prognostically distinct molecular subgroups. These methods can be applied to diagnostic specimens (e.g., endometrial biopsy) with the potential to completely change the current risk stratification systems and enable earlier informed decision making. The evolution of genomic classification in ECs is shared herein, as well as potential applications and discussion of the essential research still needed in order to optimally integrate molecular classification in to current standard of care."	0
"Title: [Molecular pathology of endometrial carcinoma - a review]. Abstract: Endometrial carcinoma (EC) is the most common malignancy of the female genital tract in developed countries. According to its histomorphologic characteristics EC is divided into endometroid and serous carcinoma; among less common subtypes there are clear cell, mucinous, neuroendocrine and undifferentiated carcinoma and carcinosarcoma. Endometroid and serous EC were essential for the so-called dual classification of EC (type I and type II), which considered mainly epidemiological, clinical and endocrine characteristics. It was shown that part of the high-grade serous carcinomas (type II) can develop from the endometroid EC by a multiplication of genomic changes and there are also EC, in which both basic types are overlapping. Today it is known that clinical and histological presentation of the EC reflects the genetic and epigenetic alterations affecting mainly PTEN, PIK3CA, KRAS, CTNNB1 and TP53 genes, or leading to microsatellite instability. However, these changes are variably present in both types of EC; therefore dual division of EC has appeared very rigid. The novel classifications should represent an integrated system which also incorporates the results of the gene expression analyses and multiparallel DNA sequencing. Based on these findings EC were divided into four molecular categories: a) POLE/ultra mutated; b) hyper mutated microsatellite instable; c) ""copy number low"" d) ""copy number high"" serous-like carcinoma. This division better reflects the biological characteristics of each EC and represents a base for the individual therapy."	0
"Title: Clinical value screening, prognostic significance and key pathway identification of miR-204-5p in endometrial carcinoma: A study based on the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA), and bioinformatics analysis. Abstract: Endometrial carcinoma is one of the common carcinomas in the female reproductive system. It is reported that miR-204-5p is down-regulated in endometrial carcinoma. However, the mechanism and key pathways of miR-204-5p in endometrial carcinoma have not been clarified. Material/methods: We evaluated the expression profiles and prognostic value of miR-204-5p expression in endometrial carcinoma by using bioinformatics analysis of a public dataset from TCGA. Drug of endometrial carcinoma from DrugBank, GO analysis, KEGG analysis, PPI network, mutation, as well as assessment of the prognostic significance were performed to the overlapping target genes of miR-204-5p in endometrial carcinoma. The relative expression levels of miR-204-5p target genes in endometrial carcinoma, including SF3B1, FBXW7, SPOP, and BRD4, were assessed by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR). Results: First, through DrugBank website, we obtained target drugs for endometrial carcinoma. MiR-204-5p expression was found to be lower in the endometrial carcinoma tissues than in adjacent normal tissues from TCGA. Next, we identified 143 genes as potential targets of miR-204-5p. Then, through GO enrichment analysis, KEGG signaling pathway and PPI analysis, we revealed the key networks in endometrial carcinoma. Next, mutation and assessment of the prognostic significance of endometrial carcinoma were obtained. At last, in endometrial carcinoma, the relative expression of SF3B1 and BRD4 increased, and the relative expression of FBXW7 decreased. Conclusions: MiR-204-5p is down-regulated in endometrial carcinoma and affects the prognostic significance of endometrial carcinoma, which might play an important role in the tumorigenesis of endometrial carcinoma."	0
"Title: Annexin I is an endogenous ligand that mediates apoptotic cell engulfment. Abstract: Engulfment of apoptotic cells requires presentation of new cell surface ligands by the dying cells. Using a differential proteomics technology, we identify that annexin I is a caspase-dependent engulfment ligand; it is recruited from the cytosol and exported to the outer plasma membrane leaflet, colocalizes with phosphatidylserine, and is required for efficient clearance of apoptotic cells. Furthermore, phosphatidylserine receptor (PSR) clustering around apoptotic cells indicates a requirement for annexin I. In the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans, downregulation of the annexin homolog prevents efficient engulfment of pharyngeal cell corpses. These results provide novel mechanistic insights into how apoptotic cells are removed and may explain a pathogenic mechanism of chronic inflammatory diseases where annexin I autoantibodies have been described."	0
"Title: Lipocortin 1 in apoptosis: mammary regression. Abstract: Enigmatically, degradation of debris generated in programmed cell death (apoptosis) elicits little inflammation. Having previously detected the upregulation of lipocortin 1 (LC1), a 35-kDa protein with anti-inflammatory and immuno-suppressive properties, at sites of non-inflammatory phagocytosis in the central nervous system (J Neurosci Res 36:491-500, 1993), we sought to determine if LC1 was involved in apoptosis. Methods: LC1 immunoreactivity in mammary glands of adult rats was quantified in situ using video microdensitometry before and during postlactational regression. Results: LC1 is present in the mammary ducts but is absent from the alveoli during lactation. One day after weaning, however, LC1 is detected in the lactiferous cells and, as apoptosis proceeds over the ensuing 4 days, total LC1 in the gland increases > 10-fold over resting levels. LC1 remains high in both the apoptotic cells and epithelial phagocytes through day 10, but the total LC1 per gland drops as the apoptotic cells are cleared. Conclusions: Published experiments have shown that LC1 specifically binds Ca++ and phosphatidylserine, and that these affinities are modulated by tyrosine phosphorylation and cross-linking with transglutaminase. Thus, LC1 appears to be a candidate for several putative activities in apoptosis (e.g., phagocyte recognition via phosphatidylserine binding and/or buffering intracellular Ca++) in addition to its anti-inflammatory role."	0
"Title: EGFR signals downregulate tumor suppressors miR-143 and miR-145 in Western diet-promoted murine colon cancer: role of G1 regulators. Abstract: Epidermal growth factor receptors (EGFR) contribute to colonic tumorigenesis in experimental models of colon cancer. We previously showed that EGFR was also required for colonic tumor promotion by Western diet. The goal of this study was to identify EGFR-regulated microRNAs that contribute to diet-promoted colonic tumorigenesis. Murine colonic tumors from Egfr(wt) and hypomorphic Egfr(wa2) mice were screened using micro RNA (miRNA) arrays and miR-143 and miR-145 changes confirmed by Northern, real-time PCR, and in situ analysis. Rodent and human sporadic and ulcerative colitis (UC)-associated colon cancers were examined for miR-143 and miR-145. Effects of EGFR on miR-143 and miR-145 expression were assessed in murine and human colonic cells and their putative targets examined in vitro and in vivo. miR-143 and miR-145 were readily detected in normal colonocytes and comparable in Egfr(wt) and Egfr(wa2) mice. These miRNAs were downregulated in azoxymethane and inflammation-associated colonic tumors from Egfr(wt) mice but upregulated in Egfr(wa2) tumors. They were also reduced in human sporadic and UC colon cancers. EGFR signals suppressed miR-143 and miR-145 in human and murine colonic cells. Transfected miR-143 and miR-145 inhibited HCT116 cell growth in vitro and in vivo and downregulated G(1) regulators, K-Ras, MYC, CCND2, cdk6, and E2F3, putative or established targets of these miRNAs. miRNA targets Ras and MYC were increased in colonic tumors from Egfr(wt) but not Egfr(wa2) mice fed a Western diet. EGFR suppresses miR-143 and miR-145 in murine models of colon cancer. Furthermore, Western diet unmasks the tumor suppressor roles of these EGFR-regulated miRNAs."	0
"Title: Regulation of UHRF1 by miR-146a/b modulates gastric cancer invasion and metastasis. Abstract: Epigenetic changes play significant roles in the development of cancer. UHRF1, as an epigenetic regulator, has been shown to be overexpressed and to coordinate tumor suppressor gene silencing in several cancers. However, the role and underlying mechanism of UHRF1 in gastric cancer (GC) progression remain largely unknown. In this study, we investigated the expression and function of UHRF1 in GC metastasis and explored its upstream regulatory mechanisms at the microRNA level. UHRF1 was overexpressed in GC tissues, especially in metastatic ones, and a high level of UHRF1 expression predicted poor survival. The down-regulation of UHRF1 suppressed GC invasion and metastasis in vitro and in vivo. We identified and verified miR-146a and miR-146b as direct upstream regulators of UHRF1. Furthermore, the restoration of miR-146a/b dramatically reduced the expression of UHRF1 through the direct targeting of its 3'-UTR, and this effect in turn reactivated the slit homologue 3 (Slit3), cadherin 4 (CDH4), and runt-related transcription factor 3 (RUNX3) genes via promoter demethylation. Finally, analyses of miR-146a/b and UHRF1 levels in human GC tissues revealed that miR-146a/b correlated inversely with UHRF1 expression. These findings describe a new mechanism for the regulation of UHRF1 and aberrant DNA hypermethylation in GC. The newly identified miR-146a/b/UHRF1 axis provides insight into the GC metastasis process, and targeting this novel axis represents a therapeutic approach to blocking GC metastasis."	0
"Title: DNA methylation and gene silencing in cancer. Abstract: Epigenetic changes such as DNA methylation act to regulate gene expression in normal mammalian development. However, promoter hypermethylation also plays a major role in cancer through transcriptional silencing of critical growth regulators such as tumor suppressor genes. Other chromatin modifications, such as histone deacetylation and chromatin-binding proteins, affect local chromatin structure and, in concert with DNA methylation, regulate gene transcription. The DNA methylation inhibitors azacitidine and decitabine can induce functional re-expression of aberrantly silenced genes in cancer, causing growth arrest and apoptosis in tumor cells. These agents, along with inhibitors of histone deacetylation, have shown clinical activity in the treatment of certain hematologic malignancies where gene hypermethylation occurs. This review examines alteration in DNA methylation in cancer, effects on gene expression, and implications for the use of hypomethylating agents in the treatment of cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 regulates human corneal epithelial differentiation. Abstract: Epigenetic factors, such as microRNAs, are important regulators in the self-renewal and differentiation of stem cells and progenies. Here we investigated the microRNAs expressed in human limbal-peripheral corneal (LPC) epithelia containing corneal epithelial progenitor cells (CEPCs) and early transit amplifying cells, and their role in corneal epithelium. Methodology/principal findings: Human LPC epithelia was extracted for small RNAs or dissociated for CEPC culture. By Agilent Human microRNA Microarray V2 platform and GeneSpring GX11.0 analysis, we found differential expression of 18 microRNAs against central corneal (CC) epithelia, which were devoid of CEPCs. Among them, miR-184 was up-regulated in CC epithelia, similar to reported finding. Cluster miR-143/145 was expressed strongly in LPC but weakly in CC epithelia (P = 0.0004, Mann-Whitney U-test). This was validated by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Locked nucleic acid-based in situ hybridization on corneal rim cryosections showed miR-143/145 presence localized to the parabasal cells of limbal epithelium but negligible in basal and superficial epithelia. With holoclone forming ability, CEPCs transfected with lentiviral plasmid containing mature miR-145 sequence gave rise to defective epithelium in organotypic culture and had increased cytokeratin-3/12 and connexin-43 expressions and decreased ABCG2 and p63 compared with cells transfected with scrambled sequences. Global gene expression was analyzed using Agilent Whole Human Genome Oligo Microarray and GeneSpring GX11.0. With a 5-fold difference compared to cells with scrambled sequences, miR-145 up-regulated 324 genes (containing genes for immune response) and down-regulated 277 genes (containing genes for epithelial development and stem cell maintenance). As validated by qPCR and luciferase reporter assay, our results showed miR-145 suppressed integrin ?8 (ITGB8) expression in both human corneal epithelial cells and primary CEPCs. Conclusion/significance: We found expression of miR-143/145 cluster in human corneal epithelium. Our results also showed that miR-145 regulated the corneal epithelium formation and maintenance of epithelial integrity, via ITGB8 targeting."	0
"Title: miR-222 is upregulated in epithelial ovarian cancer and promotes cell proliferation by downregulating P27kip1 . Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is the leading cause of female reproductive system cancer mortality in females. The majority of cases of ovarian carcinomas are not identified until a late stage. Identifying the molecular changes that occur during the development and progression of ovarian cancer is an urgent requirement. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified as gene expression regulators that induce mRNA degradation or translation blockade through pairing to the 3' untranslated region (3-'UTR) of the target mRNAs. In the present study, miR-222 was observed to be frequently upregulated in ovarian cancer. miR-222 upregulation induced an enhancement of ovarian cancer cell proliferation potential, possibly by downregulating its target, P27Kip1. A bioinformatic analysis showed that the 3'-UTR of the P27Kip1mRNA contained a highly-conserved putative miR-222 binding site. Luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that P27Kip1was a direct target of miR-222. Consistently, there was an inverse correlation between the P27Kip1and miR-222 expression levels in the ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues. Overall, the present results suggest that miR-222 upregulation in human ovarian cancer may promote ovarian cancer cell proliferation during ovarian carcinogenesis."	0
"Title: A ten-microRNA signature identified from a genome-wide microRNA expression profiling in human epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is the most common gynecologic malignancy. To identify the micro-ribonucleic acids (miRNAs) expression profile in EOC tissues that may serve as a novel diagnostic biomarker for EOC detection, the expression of 1722 miRNAs from 15 normal ovarian tissue samples and 48 ovarian cancer samples was profiled by using a quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) assay. A ten-microRNA signature (hsa-miR-1271-5p, hsa-miR-574-3p, hsa-miR-182-5p, hsa-miR-183-5p, hsa-miR-96-5p, hsa-miR-15b-5p, hsa-miR-182-3p, hsa-miR-141-5p, hsa-miR-130b-5p, and hsa-miR-135b-3p) was identified to be able to distinguish human ovarian cancer tissues from normal tissues with 97% sensitivity and 92% specificity. Two miRNA clusters of miR183-96-183 (miR-96-5p, and miR-182, miR183) and miR200 (miR-141-5p, miR200a, b, c and miR429) are significantly up-regulated in ovarian cancer tissue samples compared to those of normal tissue samples, suggesting theses miRNAs may be involved in ovarian cancer development."	0
"Title: MicroRNA signatures in human ovarian cancer. Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) is the sixth most common cancer in women worldwide and, despite advances in detection and therapies, it still represents the most lethal gynecologic malignancy in the industrialized countries. Unfortunately, still relatively little is known about the molecular events that lead to the development of this highly aggressive disease. The relatively recent discovery of microRNAs (miRNA), a class of small noncoding RNAs targeting multiple mRNAs and triggering translation repression and/or RNA degradation, has revealed the existence of a new level of gene expression regulation. Multiple studies involving various types of human cancers proved that miRNAs have a causal role in tumorigenesis. Here we show that, in comparison to normal ovary, miRNAs are aberrantly expressed in human ovarian cancer. The overall miRNA expression could clearly separate normal versus cancer tissues. The most significantly overexpressed miRNAs were miR-200a, miR-141, miR-200c, and miR-200b, whereas miR-199a, miR-140, miR-145, and miR-125b1 were among the most down-modulated miRNAs. We could also identify miRNAs whose expression was correlated with specific ovarian cancer biopathologic features, such as histotype, lymphovascular and organ invasion, and involvement of ovarian surface. Moreover, the levels of miR-21, miR-203, and miR-205, up-modulated in ovarian carcinomas compared with normal tissues, were significantly increased after 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine demethylating treatment of OVCAR3 cells, suggesting that the DNA hypomethylation could be the mechanism responsible for their overexpression. Our results indicate that miRNAs might play a role in the pathogenesis of human EOC and identify altered miRNA gene methylation as a possible epigenetic mechanism involved in their aberrant expression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-137 suppresses tumor growth in epithelial ovarian cancer in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) remains a major gynecological problem, with a poor 5-year-survival rate due to distant metastases. The identification of microRNAs (miRNAs) may provide a novel avenue for diagnostic and treatment regimens for EOC. Several miRNAs have been reported to be involved in the progression of EOC, among which miRNA (miR)-137 has been observed to be downregulated in the ovarian tissues of patients with EOC. However, the functions of miR-137 in EOC cell apoptosis, migration and invasion remain to be elucidated. In the present study, the expression of miR-137 was measured in clinical ovarian cancer specimens and cell lines using reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. The role of miR-137 in the growth and survival of the SKOV3 human ovarian cancer cell line was determined using several in vitro approaches and in nude mouse models. The results demonstrated that the expression of miR-137 was downregulated in the ovarian cancer specimens and cell lines. It was also observed that enforced expression of miR-137 in the EOC cell lines decreased cell proliferation, clonogenicity, migration and invasion, and induced G1 arrest and cell apoptosis in vitro. Notably, the enforced expression of miR-137 suppressed tumor growth in the nude mice models. These findings suggested that miR-137 may act as a tumor suppressor and be used as a potential therapeutic agent for the treatment of EOC."	0
"Title: The miR-200 family and miR-205 regulate epithelial to mesenchymal transition by targeting ZEB1 and SIP1. Abstract: Epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) facilitates tissue remodelling during embryonic development and is viewed as an essential early step in tumour metastasis. We found that all five members of the microRNA-200 family (miR-200a, miR-200b, miR-200c, miR-141 and miR-429) and miR-205 were markedly downregulated in cells that had undergone EMT in response to transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta or to ectopic expression of the protein tyrosine phosphatase Pez. Enforced expression of the miR-200 family alone was sufficient to prevent TGF-beta-induced EMT. Together, these microRNAs cooperatively regulate expression of the E-cadherin transcriptional repressors ZEB1 (also known as deltaEF1) and SIP1 (also known as ZEB2), factors previously implicated in EMT and tumour metastasis. Inhibition of the microRNAs was sufficient to induce EMT in a process requiring upregulation of ZEB1 and/or SIP1. Conversely, ectopic expression of these microRNAs in mesenchymal cells initiated mesenchymal to epithelial transition (MET). Consistent with their role in regulating EMT, expression of these microRNAs was found to be lost in invasive breast cancer cell lines with mesenchymal phenotype. Expression of the miR-200 family was also lost in regions of metaplastic breast cancer specimens lacking E-cadherin. These data suggest that downregulation of the microRNAs may be an important step in tumour progression."	0
"Title: A double-negative feedback loop between ZEB1-SIP1 and the microRNA-200 family regulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Epithelial to mesenchymal transition occurs during embryologic development to allow tissue remodeling and is proposed to be a key step in the metastasis of epithelial-derived tumors. The miR-200 family of microRNAs plays a major role in specifying the epithelial phenotype by preventing expression of the transcription repressors, ZEB1/deltaEF1 and SIP1/ZEB2. We show here that miR-200a, miR-200b, and the related miR-429 are all encoded on a 7.5-kb polycistronic primary miRNA (pri-miR) transcript. We show that the promoter for the pri-miR is located within a 300-bp segment located 4 kb upstream of miR-200b. This promoter region is sufficient to confer expression in epithelial cells and is repressed in mesenchymal cells by ZEB1 and SIP1 through their binding to a conserved pair of ZEB-type E-box elements located proximal to the transcription start site. These findings establish a double-negative feedback loop controlling ZEB1-SIP1 and miR-200 family expression that regulates cellular phenotype and has direct relevance to the role of these factors in tumor progression."	0
"Title: Regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal and mesenchymal-epithelial transitions by microRNAs. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and the reverse process, mesenchymal-epithelial transition (MET), are essential during development and in the regulation of stem cell pluripotency, yet these processes are also activated in pathological contexts, such as in fibrosis and cancer progression. In EMT and MET, diverse signaling pathways cooperate in the initiation and progression of the EMT and MET programs, through regulation at transcriptional, post-transcriptional, translational, and post-translational levels. MicroRNAs recently emerged as potent regulators of EMT and MET, with their abilities to target multiple components involved in epithelial integrity or mesenchymal traits. By affecting EMT and MET processes, microRNAs are involved in the regulation of stem cell pluripotency and the control of tumor progression."	0
"Title: MiR-1 and miR-200 inhibit EMT via Slug-dependent and tumorigenesis via Slug-independent mechanisms. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a developmental program of signaling pathways that determine commitment to epithelial and mesenchymal phenotypes. In the prostate, EMT processes have been implicated in benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostate cancer progression. In a model of Pten- and TP53-null prostate adenocarcinoma that progresses via transforming growth factor ?-induced EMT, mesenchymal transformation is characterized by plasticity, leading to various mesenchymal lineages and the production of bone. Here we show that SLUG is a major regulator of mesenchymal differentiation. As microRNAs (miRs) are pleiotropic regulators of differentiation and tumorigenesis, we evaluated miR expression associated with tumorigenesis and EMT. Mir-1 and miR-200 were reduced with progression of prostate adenocarcinoma, and we identify Slug as one of the phylogenetically conserved targets of these miRs. We demonstrate that SLUG is a direct repressor of miR-1 and miR-200 transcription. Thus, SLUG and miR-1/miR-200 act in a self-reinforcing regulatory loop, leading to amplification of EMT. Depletion of Slug inhibited EMT during tumorigenesis, whereas forced expression of miR-1 or miR-200 inhibited both EMT and tumorigenesis in human and mouse model systems. Various miR targets were analyzed, and our findings suggest that miR-1 has roles in regulating EMT and mesenchymal differentiation through Slug and functions in tumor-suppressive programs by regulating additional targets."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-10b regulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition by modulating KLF4/Notch1/E-cadherin in cisplatin-resistant nasopharyngeal carcinoma cells. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is an initiating event in tumor cell invasion and metastasis that contributes to therapeutic resistance to compounds including cisplatin. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been associated with EMT as well as resistance to standard therapies. However, the underlying mechanisms by which miRNAs control the development of resistance to cisplatin (DDP), and the accompanying EMT-like properties are required to elucidate. Here we show that microRNA-10b (miR-10b) is up-regulated in HNE1/DDP cells, and inhibition of miR-10b expression reversed the EMT phenotype. However, over-expression of miR-10b was able to promote the acquisition of an EMT phenotype in HNE1 cells. Additionally, we identified that miR-10b expression inversely correlates with KLF4, which then controls expression of Notch1. Knock-down of Notch1 inhibited cell migration, invasion, and reversed EMT in HNE1/DDP cells, which was dependent on miR-10b. In summary, our results reveal that miR-10b regulates EMT by modulating KLF4/Notch1/E-cadherin expression, which promotes invasion and migration of nasal pharyngeal carcinoma cells."	0
"Title: EMT: when epithelial cells decide to become mesenchymal-like cells. Abstract: Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is critical for appropriate embryonic development, and this process is re-engaged in adults during wound healing, tissue regeneration, organ fibrosis, and cancer progression. Inflammation is a crucial conspirator in the emergence of EMT in adults but is absent during embryonic development. As highlighted in this Review series, EMT is now a recognized mechanism for dispersing cells in embryos, forming fibroblasts/mesenchymal cells in injured tissues, and initiating metastasis of epithelial cancer cells. Also discussed are proposals to classify EMT into three subtypes, each of which has different functional consequences."	0
"Title: Preliminary validation of ERBB2 expression regulated by miR-548d-3p and miR-559. Abstract: ERBB2 overexpression occurs in numerous types of primary human tumors and alterations in microRNA (miRNA) expression have been associated with tumor suppression or tumorigenesis in human cancer, nevertheless, little is known about natural miRNAs acting on ERBB2. In this study, bioinformatical analysis of the 3'-UTRs of ERBB2 revealed the target elements for miR-548d-3p and miR-559. Moreover, a predicted miRNA/mRNA interaction experimental validation showed that both miR-548d-3p and miR-559 can interact specifically with the 3'-UTR of the ERBB2 mRNA. And miR-548d-3p plus miR-559 transfection showed a cooperative regulation of translationally repressing ERBB2 mRNA rather than by either miR-548d-3p or miR-559 alone. These results not only support the idea that different miRNAs can simultaneously and cooperatively repress a given target mRNA but also preliminarily validate the role of miR-548d-3p and miR-559 in regulating the ERBB2 expression. These data provide molecular basis for the application of miRNAs in ERBB2-targeted therapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 functions as a tumor suppressor in human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Esophageal cancer is one of the most common cancers worldwide with a poor prognosis. MicroRNAs(miRNAs) are a class of naturally occurring small noncoding RNAs and play an important role in cancer initiation and development. In this study, we demonstrate that the expression levels of miR-143 and miR-145 were significantly decreased in ESCC tissues in comparison with adjacent normal esophageal squamous tissues(NESTs). Furthermore, an inverse correlation between miR-143 and tumor invasion depth and lymph node metastasis was observed. The enforced expression of miR-143 induced growth suppression and apoptosis of ESCC cells. Rescue of miR-143 significantly suppressed the ESCC cells migration and invasion capabilities. Moreover, we show that functions of miR-143 in ESCC are mediated at least in part by the inhibition of extracellular signal regulated kinase-5(ERK-5) activity. These results prove that miR-143 may act as a tumor suppressor in ESCC."	0
"Title: European cancer mortality predictions for the year 2013. Abstract: Estimated cancer mortality statistics were published for the years 2011 and 2012 for the European Union (EU) and its six more populous countries. Patients and methods: Using logarithmic Poisson count data joinpoint models and the World Health Organization mortality and population database, we estimated numbers of deaths and age-standardized (world) mortality rates (ASRs) in 2013 from all cancers and selected cancers. Results: The 2013 predicted number of cancer deaths in the EU is 1 314 296 (737 747 men and 576 489 women). Between 2009 and 2013, all cancer ASRs are predicted to fall by 6% to 140.1/100 000 in men, and by 4% to 85.3/100 000 in women. The ASRs per 100 000 are 6.6 men and 2.9 women for stomach, 16.7 men and 9.5 women for intestines, 8.0 men and 5.5 women for pancreas, 37.1 men and 13.9 women for lung, 10.5 men for prostate, 14.6 women for breast, and 4.7 for uterine cancer, and 4.2 and 2.6 for leukaemia. Recent trends are favourable except for pancreatic cancer and lung cancer in women. Conclusions: Favourable trends will continue in 2013. Pancreatic cancer has become the fourth cause of cancer death in both sexes, while in a few years lung cancer will likely become the first cause of cancer mortality in women as well, overtaking breast cancer."	0
"Title: Estradiol-regulated microRNAs control estradiol response in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Estradiol (E2) regulates gene expression at the transcriptional level by functioning as a ligand for estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) and estrogen receptor beta (ERbeta). E2-inducible proteins c-Myc and E2Fs are required for optimal ERalpha activity and secondary estrogen responses, respectively. We show that E2 induces 21 microRNAs and represses seven microRNAs in MCF-7 breast cancer cells; these microRNAs have the potential to control 420 E2-regulated and 757 non-E2-regulated mRNAs at the post-transcriptional level. The serine/threonine kinase, AKT, alters E2-regulated expression of microRNAs. E2 induced the expression of eight Let-7 family members, miR-98 and miR-21 microRNAs; these microRNAs reduced the levels of c-Myc and E2F2 proteins. Dicer, a ribonuclease III enzyme required for microRNA processing, is also an E2-inducible gene. Several E2-regulated microRNA genes are associated with ERalpha-binding sites or located in the intragenic region of estrogen-regulated genes. We propose that the clinical course of ERalpha-positive breast cancers is dependent on the balance between E2-regulated tumor-suppressor microRNAs and oncogenic microRNAs. Additionally, our studies reveal a negative-regulatory loop controlling E2 response through microRNAs as well as differences in E2-induced transcriptome and proteome."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-191, an estrogen-responsive microRNA, functions as an oncogenic regulator in human breast cancer. Abstract: Estrogen- and microRNA-mediated gene regulation play a crucial role in breast cancer biology. However, a functional link between the two major players remains unclear. This study reveals miR-191 as an estrogen-inducible onco-miR in breast cancer, which promotes several hallmarks of cancer including enhanced cell proliferation, migration, chemoresistance and survival in tumor microenvironment. miR-191 is a direct estrogen receptor (ER) target and our results suggest existence of a positive regulatory feedback loop. We show miR-191 as critical mediator of estrogen-mediated cell proliferation. Investigations of mechanistic details of miR-191 functions identify several cancer-related genes like BDNF, CDK6 and SATB1 as miR-191 targets. miR-191 and SATB1 show inverse correlation of expression. miR-191-mediated enhanced cell proliferation and migration are partly dependent on targeted downregulation of SATB1. Further, functional validation of estrogen:miR-191:SATB1 link suggests a cascade initiated by estrogen that induces miR-191 in ER-dependent manner to target SATB1, a global chromatin remodeler, thereby contributing to estrogen-specific gene signature to regulate genes like ANXA1, PIWIL2, CASP4, ESR1/ESR2, PLAC1 and SOCS2 involved in breast cancer progression and migration. Overall, the identification of estrogen/ER/miR-191/SATB1 cascade seems to be a significant pathway in estrogen signaling in breast cancer with miR-191 as oncogenic player."	0
"Title: miR-22 inhibits estrogen signaling by directly targeting the estrogen receptor alpha mRNA. Abstract: Estrogen receptor alpha (ER alpha) is a ligand-regulated transcription factor with a broad range of physiological functions and one of the most important classifiers in breast cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that have emerged as important regulators of gene expression in a plethora of physiological and pathological processes. Upon binding the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of target mRNAs, miRNAs typically reduce their stability and/or translation. The ER alpha mRNA has a long 3' UTR of about 4.3 kb which has been reported to reduce mRNA stability and which bears evolutionarily conserved miRNA target sites, suggesting that it might be regulated by miRNAs. We have performed a comprehensive and systematic assessment of the regulatory role of all miRNAs that are predicted to target the 3' UTR of the ER alpha mRNA. We found that miR-22 represses ER alpha expression most strongly and by directly targeting the ER alpha mRNA 3' UTR. Of the three predicted miR-22 target sites in the 3' UTR, the evolutionarily conserved one is the primary target. miR-22 overexpression leads to a reduction of ER alpha levels, at least in part by inducing mRNA degradation, and compromises estrogen signaling, as exemplified by its inhibitory impact on the ER alpha-dependent proliferation of breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: miR-342 is associated with estrogen receptor-? expression and response to tamoxifen in breast cancer. Abstract: Estrogen receptor-? (ER?) is essential for estrogen-dependent growth and its level of expression is a crucial determinant of response to endocrine therapy and prognosis in ER?-positive breast cancer. Breast cancer patients show a wide range of ER? expression levels which change in individual patients during disease progression and in response to systemic therapies. However, little is known concerning how the expression of ER? is regulated in human breast cancer. Recently, several microRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified to regulate ER? expression and to predict ER, progesterone receptor (PR) and human epidermal growth factor 2 (HER2) status. The expression levels of miR-342 and ER? mRNA were analyzed in human breast cancer samples and cell lines by quantitative reverse transcription (RT)-PCR analysis. The correlations between the expression levels of miR-342 and clinicopathological factors were analyzed. Statistically significant associations were observed between miR-342 and ER, HER2 and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) status in the human breast cancer samples and the levels of miR-342 gradually increased as ER? mRNA expression increased. Moreover, ectopic overexpression of miR-342 upregulated the expression levels of the ER? mRNA and significantly sensitized the MCF-7 cells to tamoxifen-induced apoptosis and inhibition of cellular proliferation. These results suggested that miR-342 expression is positively correlated with ER? mRNA expression in human breast cancer and that it may be a significant marker for predicting tamoxifen sensitivity in ER?-positive breast cancer and a potential target for restoring ER? expression and responding to antiestrogen therapy."	0
"Title: Estrogen increases, whereas IL-27 and IFN-gamma decrease, splenocyte IL-17 production in WT mice. Abstract: Estrogen-mediated regulation of Th1, Th2 and Treg effector functions are well documented but, surprisingly, there is little information whether estrogen modulates IL-17, a powerful proinflammatory cytokine that plays a pivotal role in several inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. Therefore in the current study, we determined whether estrogen regulates the expression levels of IL-17 in WT C57BL/6 mice. By ELISA, ELISPOT and/or flow cytometric analyses, we found that estrogen upregulated the levels of not only IL-17, but also the IL-17-specific transcription factor retinoic acid-related orphan receptor gamma t (ROR gamma t), in activated splenocytes. IL-17 levels were further enhanced by exposure of activated splenocytes to IL-23, particularly in cells from estrogen-treated mice. Exposure of splenocytes to IL-27 or IFN-gamma at the time of activation markedly inhibited the levels of IL-17 and ROR gamma t. Interestingly, a delay of 24 h in exposure of activated splenocytes to IL-27 or IFN-gamma decreased IL-17 levels (albeit less profoundly) but not ROR gamma t. These findings imply that the suppressive effects of IL-27 and IFN-gamma are more effective prior to the differentiation and commitment of IL-17-secreting cells. Furthermore, inhibition of JAK-2 by AG490 suppressed IL-17 but not ROR gamma t expression, suggesting that other transcription factors are also critical in estrogen-mediated upregulation of IL-17."	0
"Title: Landscape of transcription in human cells. Abstract: Eukaryotic cells make many types of primary and processed RNAs that are found either in specific subcellular compartments or throughout the cells. A complete catalogue of these RNAs is not yet available and their characteristic subcellular localizations are also poorly understood. Because RNA represents the direct output of the genetic information encoded by genomes and a significant proportion of a cell's regulatory capabilities are focused on its synthesis, processing, transport, modification and translation, the generation of such a catalogue is crucial for understanding genome function. Here we report evidence that three-quarters of the human genome is capable of being transcribed, as well as observations about the range and levels of expression, localization, processing fates, regulatory regions and modifications of almost all currently annotated and thousands of previously unannotated RNAs. These observations, taken together, prompt a redefinition of the concept of a gene."	0
"Title: Impairment of cytoplasmic eIF6 activity restricts lymphomagenesis and tumor progression without affecting normal growth. Abstract: Eukaryotic Initiation Factor 6 (eIF6) controls translation by regulating 80S subunit formation. eIF6 is overexpressed in tumors. Here, we demonstrate that eIF6 inactivation delays tumorigenesis and reduces tumor growth in vivo. eIF6(+/-) mice resist to Myc-induced lymphomagenesis and have prolonged tumor-free survival and reduced tumor growth. eIF6(+/-) mice are also protected by p53 loss. Myc-driven lymphomas contain PKC?II and phosphorylated eIF6; eIF6 is phosphorylated by tumor-derived PKC?II, but not by the eIF4F activator mTORC1. Mutation of PKC?II phosphosite of eIF6 reduces tumor growth. Thus, eIF6 is a rate-limiting controller of initiation of translation, able to affect tumorigenesis and tumor growth. Modulation of eIF6 activity, independent from eIF4F complex, may lead to a therapeutical avenue in tumor therapy."	0
"Title: Eukaryotic initiation factor 6 mediates a continuum between 60S ribosome biogenesis and translation. Abstract: Eukaryotic ribosome biogenesis and translation are linked processes that limit the rate of cell growth. Although ribosome biogenesis and translation are mainly controlled by distinct factors, eukaryotic initiation factor 6 (eIF6) has been found to regulate both processes. eIF6 is a necessary protein with a unique anti-association activity, which prevents the interaction of 40S ribosomal subunits with 60S subunits through its binding to 60S ribosomes. In the nucleolus, eIF6 is a component of the pre-ribosomal particles and is required for the biogenesis of 60S subunits, whereas in the cytoplasm it mediates translation downstream from growth factors. The translational activity of eIF6 could be due to its anti-association properties, which are regulated by post-translational modifications; whether this anti-association activity is required for the biogenesis and nuclear export of ribosomes is unknown. eIF6 is necessary for tissue-specific growth and oncogene-driven transformation, and could be a new rate-limiting step for the initiation of translation."	0
"Title: Survival for eight major cancers and all cancers combined for European adults diagnosed in 1995-99: results of the EUROCARE-4 study. Abstract: EUROCARE is the largest population-based cooperative study on survival of patients with cancer. The EUROCARE project aims to regularly monitor, analyse, and explain survival trends and between-country differences in survival. This report (EUROCARE-4) presents survival data for eight selected cancer sites and for all cancers combined, diagnosed in adult (aged >/=15 years) Europeans in 1995-99 and followed up until the end of 2003. Methods: We analysed data from 83 cancer registries in 23 European countries on 2 699 086 adult cancer cases that were diagnosed in 1995-99 and followed up to December, 2003. We calculated country-specific and mean-weighted age-adjusted 5-year relative survival for eight major cancers. Additionally, case-mix-adjusted 5-year survival for all cancers combined was calculated by countries ranked by total national expenditure on health (TNEH). Changes to survival were analysed relative to cases diagnosed in 1990-94. Findings: Mean age-adjusted 5-year relative survival for colorectal (53.8% [95% CI 53.3-54.1]), lung (12.3% [12.1-12.5]), breast (78.9% [78.6-79.2]), prostate (75.7% [75.2-76.2]), and ovarian (36.3% [35.7-37.0]) cancer was highest in Nordic countries (except Denmark) and central Europe, intermediate in southern Europe, lower in the UK and Ireland, and worst in eastern Europe. Survival for melanoma (81.6% [81.0-82.3]), cancer of the testis (94.2% [93.4-95.0]), and Hodgkin's disease (80.0% [79.0-81.0]) varied little with geography. All-cancer survival correlated with TNEH for most countries. Denmark and UK had lower all-cancer survival than countries with similar TNEH; Finland had high all-cancer survival, but moderate TNEH. Survival increased and intercountry survival differences narrowed between the data for 1990-94 and 1995-99 for, notably, Hodgkin's disease (range 66.1-82.9 [IQR 72.2-78.6] vs 74.0-83.9 [78.6-81.9]), colorectal (29.4-56.7 [45.8-54.1] vs 38.8-59.7 [50.7-57.5]), and breast (61.7-82.7 [72.3-78.3] vs 69.3-87.6 [76.6-82.7]) sites. Interpretation: Increases in survival and decreases in geographic differences over time, which are mainly due to improvements in health-care services in countries with poor survival, might indicate better cancer care. Wealthy countries with high TNEH generally had good cancer outcomes, but those with conspicuously worse outcomes than those with similar TNEH might not be allocating health resources efficiently."	0
"Title: Hsa-mir-145 is the top EWS-FLI1-repressed microRNA involved in a positive feedback loop in Ewing's sarcoma. Abstract: EWS-FLI1 is a chromosome translocation-derived chimeric transcription factor that has a central and rate-limiting role in the pathogenesis of Ewing's sarcoma. Although the EWS-FLI1 transcriptomic signature has been extensively characterized on the mRNA level, information on its impact on non-coding RNA expression is lacking. We have performed a genome-wide analysis of microRNAs affected by RNAi-mediated silencing of EWS-FLI1 in Ewing's sarcoma cell lines, and differentially expressed between primary Ewing's sarcoma and mesenchymal progenitor cells. Here, we report on the identification of hsa-mir-145 as the top EWS-FLI1-repressed microRNA. Upon knockdown of EWS-FLI1, hsa-mir-145 expression dramatically increases in all Ewing's sarcoma cell lines tested. Vice versa, ectopic expression of the microRNA in Ewing's sarcoma cell lines strongly reduced EWS-FLI1 protein, whereas transfection of an anti-mir to hsa-mir-145 increased the EWS-FLI1 levels. Reporter gene assays revealed that this modulation of EWS-FLI1 protein was mediated by the microRNA targeting the FLI1 3'-untranslated region. Mutual regulations of EWS-FLI1 and hsa-mir-145 were mirrored by an inverse correlation between their expression levels in four of the Ewing's sarcoma cell lines tested. Consistent with the role of EWS-FLI1 in Ewing's sarcoma growth regulation, forced hsa-mir-145 expression halted Ewing's sarcoma cell line growth. These results identify feedback regulation between EWS-FLI1 and hsa-mir-145 as an important component of the EWS-FLI1-mediated Ewing's sarcomagenesis that may open a new avenue to future microRNA-mediated therapy of this devastating malignant disease."	0
"Title: Exosome and exosomal microRNA: trafficking, sorting, and function. Abstract: Exosomes are 40-100 nm nano-sized vesicles that are released from many cell types into the extracellular space. Such vesicles are widely distributed in various body fluids. Recently, mRNAs and microRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified in exosomes, which can be taken up by neighboring or distant cells and subsequently modulate recipient cells. This suggests an active sorting mechanism of exosomal miRNAs, since the miRNA profiles of exosomes may differ from those of the parent cells. Exosomal miRNAs play an important role in disease progression, and can stimulate angiogenesis and facilitate metastasis in cancers. In this review, we will introduce the origin and the trafficking of exosomes between cells, display current research on the sorting mechanism of exosomal miRNAs, and briefly describe how exosomes and their miRNAs function in recipient cells. Finally, we will discuss the potential applications of these miRNA-containing vesicles in clinical settings."	0
"Title: Clinical impact of serum exosomal microRNA-21 as a clinical biomarker in human esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Exosomes are 40-nm to 100-nm membrane vesicles that are secreted by various cells, and they play a major role in cell-cell communication. The objective of this study was to clarify the significance of the levels of microRNA in exosomes extracted from the sera of patients with esophageal squamous cell cancer (ESCC). Methods: The authors isolated exosomes in serum samples from patients who had ESCC and from patients who had benign diseases without systemic inflammation. Total RNA was purified from the exosomes, and expression levels of microRNA-21 (miR-21) were analyzed by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results: Serum exosomes from patients with ESCC induced the proliferation of ESCC cells in vitro. The expression levels of exosomal miR-21 were significantly higher in patients with ESCC than those with benign diseases with and without (C-reactive protein <0.3 mg/dL) systemic inflammation. MiR-21 was not detected in serum that remained after exosome extraction. Exosomal miR-21 expression was correlated with advanced tumor classification, positive lymph node status, and the presence of metastasis with inflammation or and clinical stage without inflammation (C-reactive protein <0.3 mg/dL). Conclusions: The current results confirmed that exosomal miR-21 expression is up-regulated in serum from patients with ESCC versus serum from patients who have benign diseases without systemic inflammation. Exosomal miR-21 was positively correlated with tumor progression and aggressiveness, suggesting that it may be a useful target for cancer therapy. Cancer 2013. © 2012 American Cancer Society."	0
"Title: Diagnostic and prognostic relevance of circulating exosomal miR-373, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Exosomes are membrane vesicles that mediate intercellular communication by transporting their molecular cargo from cell to cell. We investigated whether serum levels of exosomal miR-373, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c and circulating exosomes have diagnostic and prognostic relevance in a cohort of 163 epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) patients using TaqMan MicroRNA assays and ELISA. The serum concentrations of exosomal miR-373 (p = 0.0001), miR-200a (p = 0.0001), miR-200b (p = 0.0001) and miR-200c (p = 0.028) were significantly higher in EOC patients than healthy women. The levels of miR-200a (p = 0.0001), miR-200b (p = 0.0001) and miR-200c (p = 0.019) could distinguish between malignant and benign ovarian tumors. While the levels of miR-373 and miR-200a were increased in all FIGO/lymph node stages (p = 0.0001), the levels of miR-200b and miR-200c were higher in patients with FIGO stage III-IV (p = 0.0001, p = 0.008, respectively) including lymph node metastasis (p = 0.0001, p = 0.004, respectively) than FIGO stages I-II. The increased levels of miR-200b and miR-200c were also associated with CA125 values (p = 0.0001, p = 0.0001, respectively) and a shorter overall survival (p = 0.007, p = 0.017, respectively). The levels of exosomes were excessively elevated in EOC patients (p = 0.0001). In all three cohorts, they were positively associated with the serum levels of exosomal miR-373 (p = 0.004), miR-200a (p = 0.0001), miR-200b (p = 0.0001) and miR-200c (p = 0.008). In conclusion, the increased levels of exosomal miR-200b and miR-200c mainly observed in advanced EOC suggest that these microRNAs may be involved in tumor progression. The high concentrations of exosomes in EOC patients imply an excessive, active exosomal secretion in EOC."	0
"Title: Extracellular Vesicle (EV) Array: microarray capturing of exosomes and other extracellular vesicles for multiplexed phenotyping. Abstract: Exosomes are one of the several types of cell-derived vesicles with a diameter of 30-100 nm. These extracellular vesicles are recognized as potential markers of human diseases such as cancer. However, their use in diagnostic tests requires an objective and high-throughput method to define their phenotype and determine their concentration in biological fluids. To identify circulating as well as cell culture-derived vesicles, the current standard is immunoblotting or a flow cytometrical analysis for specific proteins, both of which requires large amounts of purified vesicles. Methods: Based on the technology of protein microarray, we hereby present a highly sensitive Extracellular Vesicle (EV) Array capable of detecting and phenotyping exosomes and other extracellular vesicles from unpurified starting material in a high-throughput manner. To only detect the exosomes captured on the EV Array, a cocktail of antibodies against the tetraspanins CD9, CD63 and CD81 was used. These antibodies were selected to ensure that all exosomes captured are detected, and concomitantly excluding the detection of other types of microvesicles. Results: The limit of detection (LOD) was determined on exosomes derived from the colon cancer cell line LS180. It clarified that supernatant from only approximately 10(4) cells was needed to obtain signals or that only 2.5×10(4) exosomes were required for each microarray spot (~1 nL). Phenotyping was performed on plasma (1-10 µL) from 7 healthy donors, which were applied to the EV Array with a panel of antibodies against 21 different cellular surface antigens and cancer antigens. For each donor, there was considerable heterogeneity in the expression levels of individual markers. The protein profiles of the exosomes (defined as positive for CD9, CD63 and CD81) revealed that only the expression level of CD9 and CD81 was approximately equal in the 7 donors. This implies questioning the use of CD63 as a standard exosomal marker since the expression level of this tetraspanin was considerably lower."	0
"Title: Exosomes in tumor microenvironment influence cancer progression and metastasis. Abstract: Exosomes are small membrane vesicles of endocytic origin with a size of 50-100 nm. They can contain microRNAs, mRNAs, DNA fragments, and proteins, which are shuttled from a donor cell to recipient cells. Many different cell types including immune cells, mesenchymal cells, and cancer cells release exosomes. There is emerging evidence that cancer-derived exosomes contribute to the recruitment and reprogramming of constituents associated with tumor environment. Here, we discuss different mechanisms associated with biogenesis, payload, and transport of exosomes. We highlight the functional relevance of exosomes in cancer, as related to tumor microenvironment, tumor immunology, angiogenesis, and metastasis. Exosomes may exert an immunosuppressive function as well as trigger an anti-tumor response by presenting tumor antigens to dendritic cells. Exosomes may serve as cancer biomarkers and aid in the treatment of cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA and protein profiling of brain metastasis competent cell-derived exosomes. Abstract: Exosomes are small membrane vesicles released by most cell types including tumor cells. The intercellular exchange of proteins and genetic material via exosomes is a potentially effective approach for cell-to-cell communication and it may perform multiple functions aiding to tumor survival and metastasis. We investigated microRNA and protein profiles of brain metastatic (BM) versus non-brain metastatic (non-BM) cell-derived exosomes. We studied the cargo of exosomes isolated from brain-tropic 70W, MDA-MB-231BR, and circulating tumor cell brain metastasis-selected markers (CTC1BMSM) variants, and compared them with parental non-BM MeWo, MDA-MB-231P and CTC1P cells, respectively. By performing microRNA PCR array we identified one up-regulated (miR-210) and two down-regulated miRNAs (miR-19a and miR-29c) in BM versus non-BM exosomes. Second, we analyzed the proteomic content of cells and exosomes isolated from these six cell lines, and detected high expression of proteins implicated in cell communication, cell cycle, and in key cancer invasion and metastasis pathways. Third, we show that BM cell-derived exosomes can be internalized by non-BM cells and that they effectively transport their cargo into cells, resulting in increased cell adhesive and invasive potencies. These results provide a strong rationale for additional investigations of exosomal proteins and miRNAs towards more profound understandings of exosome roles in brain metastasis biogenesis, and for the discovery and application of non-invasive biomarkers for new therapies combating brain metastasis."	0
"Title: Identifying mRNA, microRNA and protein profiles of melanoma exosomes. Abstract: Exosomes are small membranous vesicles secreted into body fluids by multiple cell types, including tumor cells, and in various disease conditions. Tumor exosomes contain intact and functional mRNAs, small RNAs (including miRNAs), and proteins that can alter the cellular environment to favor tumor growth. Molecular profiling may increase our understanding of the role of exosomes in melanoma progression and may lead to discovery of useful biomarkers. Methodology/principal findings: In the present study, we used mRNA array profiling to identify thousands of exosomal mRNAs associated with melanoma progression and metastasis. Similarly, miRNA array profiling identified specific miRNAs, such as hsa-miR-31, -185, and -34b, involved in melanoma invasion. We also used proteomic analysis and discovered differentially expressed melanoma exosomal proteins, including HAPLN1, GRP78, syntenin-1, annexin A1, and annexin A2. Importantly, normal melanocytes acquired invasion ability through molecules transported in melanoma cell-derived exosomes. Conclusions/significance: Our results indicate that melanoma-derived exosomes have unique gene expression signatures, miRNA and proteomics profiles compared to exosomes from normal melanocytes. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first in-depth screening of the whole transcriptome/miRNome/proteome expression in melanoma exosomes. These results provide a starting point for future more in-depth studies of tumor-derived melanoma exosomes, which will aid our understanding of melanoma biogenesis and new drug-targets that may be translated into clinical applications, or as non-invasive biomarkers for melanoma."	0
"Title: Exosome-mediated transfer of mRNAs and microRNAs is a novel mechanism of genetic exchange between cells. Abstract: Exosomes are vesicles of endocytic origin released by many cells. These vesicles can mediate communication between cells, facilitating processes such as antigen presentation. Here, we show that exosomes from a mouse and a human mast cell line (MC/9 and HMC-1, respectively), as well as primary bone marrow-derived mouse mast cells, contain RNA. Microarray assessments revealed the presence of mRNA from approximately 1300 genes, many of which are not present in the cytoplasm of the donor cell. In vitro translation proved that the exosome mRNAs were functional. Quality control RNA analysis of total RNA derived from exosomes also revealed presence of small RNAs, including microRNAs. The RNA from mast cell exosomes is transferable to other mouse and human mast cells. After transfer of mouse exosomal RNA to human mast cells, new mouse proteins were found in the recipient cells, indicating that transferred exosomal mRNA can be translated after entering another cell. In summary, we show that exosomes contain both mRNA and microRNA, which can be delivered to another cell, and can be functional in this new location. We propose that this RNA is called ""exosomal shuttle RNA"" (esRNA)."	0
"Title: Exosomal miR-940 maintains SRC-mediated oncogenic activity in cancer cells: a possible role for exosomal disposal of tumor suppressor miRNAs. Abstract: Exosomes have emerged as important mediators of diverse biological functions including tumor suppression, tumor progression, invasion, immune escape and cell-to-cell communication, through the release of molecules such as mRNAs, miRNAs, and proteins. Here, we identified differentially expressed exosomal miRNAs between normal epithelial ovarian cell line and both resistant and sensitive ovarian cancer (OC) cell lines. We found miR-940 as abundant in exosomes from SKOV3-IP1, HeyA8, and HeyA8-MDR cells. The high expression of miR-940 is associated with better survival in patients with ovarian serous cystadenocarcinoma. Ectopic expression of miR-940 inhibited proliferation, colony formation, invasion, and migration and triggered G0/G1 cell cycle arrest and apoptosis in OC cells. Overexpression of miR-940 also inhibited tumor cell growth in vivo. We showed that proto-oncogene tyrosine-protein kinase (SRC) is directly targeted by miR-940 and that miR-940 inhibited SRC expression at mRNA and protein levels. Following this inhibition, the expression of proteins downstream of SRC, such as FAK, paxillin and Akt was also reduced. Collectively, our results suggest that OC cells secrete the tumor-suppressive miR-940 into the extracellular environment via exosomes, to maintain their invasiveness and tumorigenic phenotype."	0
"Title: Let-7 microRNA family is selectively secreted into the extracellular environment via exosomes in a metastatic gastric cancer cell line. Abstract: Exosomes play a major role in cell-to-cell communication, targeting cells to transfer exosomal molecules including proteins, mRNAs, and microRNAs (miRNAs) by an endocytosis-like pathway. miRNAs are small noncoding RNA molecules on average 22 nucleotides in length that regulate numerous biological processes including cancer pathogenesis and mediate gene down-regulation by targeting mRNAs to induce RNA degradation and/or interfering with translation. Recent reports imply that miRNAs can be stably detected in circulating plasma and serum since miRNAs are packaged by exosomes to be protected from RNA degradation. Thus, profiling exosomal miRNAs are in need to clarify intercellular signaling and discover a novel disease marker as well. Methodology/principal findings: Exosomes were isolated from cultured cancer cell lines and their quality was validated by analyses of transmission electron microscopy and western blotting. One of the cell lines tested, a metastatic gastric cancer cell line, AZ-P7a, showed the highest RNA yield in the released exosomes and distinctive shape in morphology. In addition, RNAs were isolated from cells and culture media, and profiles of these three miRNA fractions were obtained using microarray analysis. By comparing signal intensities of microarray data and the following validation using RT-PCR analysis, we found that let-7 miRNA family was abundant in both the intracellular and extracellular fractions from AZ-P7a cells, while low metastatic AZ-521, the parental cell line of AZ-P7a, as well as other cancer cell lines showed no such propensity. Conclusions/significance: The enrichment of let-7 miRNA family in the extracellular fractions, particularly, in the exosomes from AZ-P7a cells may reflect their oncogenic characteristics including tumorigenesis and metastasis. Since let-7 miRNAs generally play a tumor-suppressive role as targeting oncogenes such as RAS and HMGA2, our results suggest that AZ-P7a cells release let-7 miRNAs via exosomes into the extracellular environment to maintain their oncogenesis."	0
"Title: hsa-miR-520h downregulates ABCG2 in pancreatic cancer cells to inhibit migration, invasion, and side populations. Abstract: Expression of ABCG2 is normally absent or low in the pancreas, but high in human pancreatic cancer cells. The mechanism by which ABCG2 is altered in human cancers remains unknown. Methods: We investigated ABCG2 expression in four pancreatic cancer cell lines, and used three microRNA (miRNA) target prediction programmes, and information from the existing literature to predict and identify hsa-miR-520h as an miRNA that targets ABCG2. The function of this miRNA was investigated by transient transfection of the pancreatic cancer cell line PANC-1 with oligonucleotides that mimic hsa-miR-520h. Results: Results showed that both mRNA and protein levels of ABCG2 were reduced, indicating that it was a target of hsa-miR-520h. Introduction of hsa-miR-520h mimics into PANC-1 cells also resulted in inhibition of cell migration and invasion, and reduction of side population cells. Cell proliferation, cell cycle progression and apoptosis were not affected. Conclusions: We propose that the effects of hsa-miR-520h may be, at least in part, caused by its regulation of ABCG2. Thus, our findings provide a new insight into the function of miRNA in the regulation of ABCG2 expression in pancreatic cancer. Gene therapy using miRNA mimics may therefore be useful as a pancreatic cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Association of MMP-2 activation potential with metastatic progression in human breast cancer cell lines independent of MMP-2 production. Abstract: Expression of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2), the 72-kd type IV collagenase/gelatinase, by cancer cells has been implicated in metastasis through cancer cell invasion of basement membranes mediated by degradation of collagen IV. However, the abundance of this latent proenzyme in normal tissues and fluids suggests that MMP-2 proenzyme utilization is limited by its physiological activation rather than expression alone. We previously reported activation of this proenzyme by normal and malignant fibroblastoid cells cultured on collagen I (vitrogen) gels. Purpose: Our purposes in this study were 1) to determine whether MMP-2 activation is restricted to the more invasive human breast cancer cell lines and 2) to localize the activating mechanism. Methods: Zymography was used to monitor MMP-2 activation through detection of latent MMP-2 (72 kd) and mature species of smaller molecular weight (59 or 62 kd). Human breast cancer cell lines cultured on plastic, vitrogen, and other matrices were thus screened for MMP-2 activation. Collagen I-cultured cells were exposed to cycloheximide, a protein synthesis inhibitor, or to protease inhibitors to determine the nature of the MMP-2-activating mechanism. Triton X-114 (TX-114) detergent extracts from cells cultured on collagen I or plastic were incubated with latent MMP-2 and analyzed by zymography to localize the MMP-2 activator. Results: MMP-2 activation was only induced by collagen I culture in the more aggressive, highly invasive estrogen receptor-negative, vimentin-positive human breast cancer cell lines (Hs578T, MDA-MB-436, BT549, MDA-MB-231, MDA-MB-435, MCF-7 ADR) and was independent of MMP-2 production. MMP-2 activation was detected in cells cultured on collagen I gels but not in those cultured on gelatin gels, Matrigel, or thin layers of collagen I or IV, gelatin, or fibronectin. Collagen-induced activation was specific for the enzyme species MMP-2, since MMP-9, the 92-kd type IV collagenase/gelatinase, was not activatable under similar conditions. MMP-2 activation was inhibited by cycloheximide and was sensitive to a metalloproteinase inhibitor but not to aspartyl, serine, or cysteinyl protease inhibitors. MMP-2 activation was detected in the hydrophobic, plasma membrane-enriched, TX-114 extracts from invasive collagen I-cultured cells. Conclusion: Collagen I-induced MMP-2 activation is restricted to highly invasive estrogen receptor-negative, vimentin-positive human breast cancer cell lines, is independent of MMP-2 production, and is associated with metastatic potential. Our findings are consistent with plasma membrane localization of the activator. Implications: The MMP-2 activation mechanism may represent a new target for diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of human breast cancer."	0
"Title: Clinical significance and detection of microRNA-21 in serum of patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma in Chinese population. Abstract: Expression patterns of microRNAs in serum are involved in potentially non-invasive biomarkers for various diseases. The purpose of this study is to examine the expression of miR-21 in serum of patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) and to validate the significance of miR-21 in early diagnosis, genotyping, treatment options as well as its prognosis estimates of Chinese DLBCL. Methods: miR-21 expression was detected by fluorescent quantity polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) in 9 DLBCL cell lines (OCI-Ly1, OCI-Ly3, OCI-Ly4, OCI-Ly7, OCI-Ly8, OCI-Ly10, OCI-Ly18, OCI-Ly19, and HBL), as well as in tumor tissue and serum samples from patients with DLBCL (germinal center B-cell-like (GCB) DLBCL 32; activated B-cell-like (ABC) DLBCL 30) and 50 healthy subjects. Results: Expression of miR-21 was increased in DLBCL cell lines. Compared with the miR-21 expression of GCB subgroup (OCI-Ly1, OCI-Ly4, OCI-Ly7, OCI-Ly8, OCI-Ly18, OCI-Ly19), ABC subgroup (OCI-Ly3, OCI-Ly10, and HBL) has higher expression (t = 11.18, P < 0.01). Circulating miR-21 level in sera from patients with DLBCLwas associated with matched tumor tissue (r(2) = 0.931, P < 0.0001). Consistent with the in vitro, miR-21 expression levels in serum of patients with DLBCL [21.38(10.26-45.21)] were higher than those in serum of control cases [1.87(1.05-3.97); U = 168, P = 0.000]. Moreover, miR-21 expression levels in serum of patients with subgroup ABC [28.68(14.92~98.44)] were higher than that of patients with subgroup GCB [18.3(7.32~33.46); U = 336, P = 0.043]. miR-21 expression in serum of DLBCL with stage I and II were higher than those in stage III and IV (U = 62, P = 0.013 in GCB type; U = 53, P = 0.014 in ABC type). Compared with relapse-free survival in patients with DLBCL, high expression of miR-21 was associated with well prognosis (U = 259, P = 0.035). Conclusion: miR-21 expressed in the serum of patients with DLBCL from Chinese was associated with clinical stage, molecular subgroup, and prognosis estimates. miR-21 may be served as a biomarker in early diagnosis, genotyping, treatment options, and prognosis estimating of Chinese DLBCL."	0
"Title: Specific activation of microRNA-127 with downregulation of the proto-oncogene BCL6 by chromatin-modifying drugs in human cancer cells. Abstract: Expression profiling of T24 cells revealed that 17 out of 313 human miRNAs were upregulated more than 3-fold by simultaneous treatment with the chromatin-modifying drugs 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine and 4-phenylbutyric acid. One of these, miR-127, is embedded in a CpG island and is highly induced from its own promoter after treatment. miR-127 is usually expressed as part of a miRNA cluster in normal cells but not in cancer cells, suggesting that it is subject to epigenetic silencing. In addition, the proto-oncogene BCL6, a potential target of miR-127, was translationally downregulated after treatment. These results suggest that DNA demethylation and histone deacetylase inhibition can activate expression of miRNAs that may act as tumor suppressors."	0
"Title: Proteomic comparison defines novel markers to characterize heterogeneous populations of extracellular vesicle subtypes. Abstract: Extracellular vesicles (EVs) have become the focus of rising interest because of their numerous functions in physiology and pathology. Cells release heterogeneous vesicles of different sizes and intracellular origins, including small EVs formed inside endosomal compartments (i.e., exosomes) and EVs of various sizes budding from the plasma membrane. Specific markers for the analysis and isolation of different EV populations are missing, imposing important limitations to understanding EV functions. Here, EVs from human dendritic cells were first separated by their sedimentation speed, and then either by their behavior upon upward floatation into iodixanol gradients or by immuno-isolation. Extensive quantitative proteomic analysis allowing comparison of the isolated populations showed that several classically used exosome markers, like major histocompatibility complex, flotillin, and heat-shock 70-kDa proteins, are similarly present in all EVs. We identified proteins specifically enriched in small EVs, and define a set of five protein categories displaying different relative abundance in distinct EV populations. We demonstrate the presence of exosomal and nonexosomal subpopulations within small EVs, and propose their differential separation by immuno-isolation using either CD63, CD81, or CD9. Our work thus provides guidelines to define subtypes of EVs for future functional studies."	0
"Title: Human papillomavirus 16 E6 and E7 oncoprotein expression alters microRNA expression in extracellular vesicles. Abstract: Extracellular vesicles released by cancer cells are mediators of intercellular communication that have been reported to contribute to carcinogenesis. Since they are readily detected in bodily fluids, they may also be used as cancer biomarkers. The E6/E7 oncoproteins drive human papillomavirus (HPV)-associated cancers, which account for approximately 5% of all human cancers worldwide. Here, we investigate how HPV16 E6/E7 oncogene expression in primary human epithelial cells alters miR expression in extracellular vesicles and compare these to changes in intracellular miR expression. Examining a panel of 68 cancer related miRs revealed that many miRs had similar expression patterns in cells and in extracellular vesicles, whereas some other miRs had different expression patterns and may be selectively packaged into extracellular vesicles. Interestingly, the set of miRs that may be selectively packaged in HPV16 E6/E7 extracellular vesicles is predicted to inhibit necrosis and apoptosis."	0
"Title: Roles of fascin in human carcinoma motility and signaling: prospects for a novel biomarker?. Abstract: Fascin is a globular actin cross-linking protein that has a major function in forming parallel actin bundles in cell protrusions that are key specialisations of the plasma membrane for environmental guidance and cell migration. Fascin is widely expressed in mesenchymal tissues and the nervous system and is low or absent in adult epithelia. Recent data from a number of laboratories have highlighted that fascin is up-regulated in many human carcinomas and, in individual tissues, correlates with the clinical aggressiveness of tumours and poor patient survival. In cell culture, over-expression or depletion of fascin modulates cell migration and alters cytoskeletal organisation. The identification of biomarkers to provide more effective early diagnosis of potentially aggressive tumours, or identify tumours susceptible to targeted therapies, is an important goal in clinical research. Here, we discuss the evidence that fascin is upregulated in carcinomas, its contributions to carcinoma cell behaviour and its potential as a candidate novel biomarker or therapeutic target."	0
"Title: MiR-21 is an EGFR-regulated anti-apoptotic factor in lung cancer in never-smokers. Abstract: Fifteen percent of lung cancer cases occur in never-smokers and show characteristics that are molecularly and clinically distinct from those in smokers. Epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) gene mutations, which are correlated with sensitivity to EGFR-tyrosine kinase inhibitors (EGFR-TKIs), are more frequent in never-smoker lung cancers. In this study, microRNA (miRNA) expression profiling of 28 cases of never-smoker lung cancer identified aberrantly expressed miRNAs, which were much fewer than in lung cancers of smokers and included miRNAs previously identified (e.g., up-regulated miR-21) and unidentified (e.g., down-regulated miR-138) in those smoker cases. The changes in expression of some of these miRNAs, including miR-21, were more remarkable in cases with EGFR mutations than in those without these mutations. A significant correlation between phosphorylated-EGFR (p-EGFR) and miR-21 levels in lung carcinoma cell lines and the suppression of miR-21 by an EGFR-TKI, AG1478, suggest that the EGFR signaling is a pathway positively regulating miR-21 expression. In the never-smoker-derived lung adenocarcinoma cell line H3255 with mutant EGFR and high levels of p-EGFR and miR-21, antisense inhibition of miR-21 enhanced AG1478-induced apoptosis. In a never-smoker-derived adenocarcinoma cell line H441 with wild-type EGFR, the antisense miR-21 not only showed the additive effect with AG1478 but also induced apoptosis by itself. These results suggest that aberrantly increased expression of miR-21, which is enhanced further by the activated EGFR signaling pathway, plays a significant role in lung carcinogenesis in never-smokers, as well as in smokers, and is a potential therapeutic target in both EGFR-mutant and wild-type cases."	0
"Title: Presence in the pre-surgical fine-needle aspiration of potential thyroid biomarkers previously identified in the post-surgical one. Abstract: Fine-needle aspiration biopsy (FNA) is usually applied to distinguish benign from malignant thyroid nodules. However, cytological analysis cannot always allow a proper diagnosis. We believe that the improvement of the diagnostic capability of pre-surgical FNA could avoid unnecessary thyroidectomy. In a previous study, we performed a proteome analysis to examine FNA collected after thyroidectomy. With the present study, we examined the applicability of these results on pre-surgical FNA. We collected pre-surgical FNA from 411 consecutive patients, and to obtain a correct comparison with our previous results, we processed only benign (n=114), papillary classical variant (cPTC) (n=34) and papillary tall cell variant (TcPTC) (n=14) FNA. We evaluated levels of five proteins previously found up-regulated in thyroid cancer with respect to benign nodules. ELISA and western blot (WB) analysis were used to assay levels of L-lactate dehydrogenase B chain (LDHB), Ferritin heavy chain, Ferritin light chain, Annexin A1 (ANXA1), and Moesin in FNA. ELISA assays and WB analysis confirmed the increase of LDHB, Moesin, and ANXA1 in pre-surgical FNA of thyroid papillary cancer. Sensitivity and specificity of ANXA1 were respectively 87 and 94% for cPTC, 85 and 100% for TcPTC. In conclusion, a proteomic analysis of FNA from patients with thyroid nodules may help to distinguish benign versus malignant thyroid nodules. Moreover, ANXA1 appears to be an ideal candidate given the high sensitivity and specificity obtained from ROC curve analysis."	0
"Title: Expression of miR-21 and its targets (PTEN, PDCD4, TM1) in flat epithelial atypia of the breast in relation to ductal carcinoma in situ and invasive carcinoma. Abstract: Flat epithelial atypia (FEA) of the breast is characterised by a few layers of mildly atypical luminal epithelial cells. Genetic changes found in ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) and invasive ductal breast cancer (IDC) are also found in FEA, albeit at a lower concentration. So far, miRNA expression changes associated with invasive breast cancer, like miR-21, have not been studied in FEA. Methods: We performed miRNA in-situ hybridization (ISH) on 15 cases with simultaneous presence of normal breast tissue, FEA and/or DCIS and 17 additional cases with IDC. Expression of the miR-21 targets PDCD4, TM1 and PTEN was investigated by immunohistochemistry. Results: Two out of fifteen cases showed positive staining for miR-21 in normal breast ductal epithelium, seven out of fifteen cases were positive in the FEA component and nine out of twelve cases were positive in the DCIS component. A positive staining of miR-21 was observed in 15 of 17 IDC cases. In 12 cases all three components were present in one tissue block and an increase of miR-21 from normal breast to FEA and to DCIS was observed in five cases. In three cases the FEA component was negative, whereas the DCIS component was positive for miR-21. In three other cases, normal, FEA and DCIS components were negative for miR-21 and in the last case all three components were positive. Overall we observed a gradual increase in percentage of miR-21 positive cases from normal, to FEA, DCIS and IDC. Immunohistochemical staining for PTEN revealed no obvious changes in staining intensities in normal, FEA, DCIS and IDC. Cytoplasmic staining of PDCD4 increased from normal to IDC, whereas, the nuclear staining decreased. TM1 staining decreased from positive in normal breast to negative in most DCIS and IDC cases. In FEA, the staining pattern for TM1 was similar to normal breast tissue. Conclusion: Upregulation of miR-21 from normal ductal epithelial cells of the breast to FEA, DCIS and IDC parallels morphologically defined carcinogenesis. No clear relation was observed between the staining pattern of miR-21 and its previously reported target genes."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-7 inhibits epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition and metastasis of breast cancer cells via targeting FAK expression. Abstract: Focal adhesion kinase (FAK) is an important mediator of extracellular matrix integrin signaling, cell motility, cell proliferation and cell survival. Increased FAK expression is observed in a variety of solid human tumors and increased FAK expression and activity frequently correlate with metastatic disease and poor prognosis. Herein we identify miR-7 as a direct regulator of FAK expression. miR-7 expression is decreased in malignant versus normal breast tissue and its expression correlates inversely with metastasis in human breast cancer patients. Forced expression of miR-7 produced increased E-CADHERIN and decreased FIBRONECTIN and VIMENTIN expression in breast cancer cells. The levels of miR-7 expression was positively correlated with E-CADHERIN mRNA and negatively correlated with VIMENTIN mRNA levels in breast cancer samples. Forced expression of miR-7 in aggressive breast cancer cell lines suppressed tumor cell monolayer proliferation, anchorage independent growth, three-dimensional growth in Matrigel, migration and invasion. Conversely, inhibition of miR-7 in the HBL-100 mammary epithelial cell line promoted cell proliferation and anchorage independent growth. Rescue of FAK expression reversed miR-7 suppression of migration and invasion. miR-7 also inhibited primary breast tumor development, local invasion and metastatic colonization of breast cancer xenografts. Thus, miR-7 expression is decreased in metastatic breast cancer, correlates with the level of epithelial differentiation of the tumor and inhibits metastatic progression."	0
"Title: The role of microRNAs in metastasis and epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: For a tumour cell to metastasize it must successfully negotiate a number of events, requiring a series of coordinated changes in the expression of many genes. MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNA molecules that post-transcriptionally control gene expression. As microRNAs are now recognised as master regulators of gene networks and play important roles in tumourigenesis, it is no surprise that microRNAs have recently been demonstrated to have central roles during metastasis. Recent work has also demonstrated critical roles for microRNAs in epithelial-mesenchymal transition, a phenotypic change underlain by altered gene expression patterns that is believed to mirror events in metastatic progression. These findings offer new potential for improved prognostics through expression profiling and may represent novel molecular treatment targets for future therapy. In this review, we summarise the multistep processes of metastasis and epithelial-mesenchymal transition and describe the recent discoveries of microRNAs that participate in controlling these processes."	0
"Title: Methods for isolation of total RNA to recover miRNAs and other small RNAs from diverse species. Abstract: For the experimental analysis of miRNAs and other small RNAs in the 20-25 nucleotide (nt) size range, the first and most important step is the isolation of high-quality total RNA. Because RNA degradation products can mask or dilute the presence of true miRNAs, it is important when choosing a method that it efficiently extracts RNA from tissues in a manner that prevents degradation of RNA of both high and low molecular weight. In addition, the presence of polyphenols, polysaccharides, and secondary metabolites may render nucleic acids insoluble, and hinder the recovery of the miRNAs. Finally, and most importantly, the method chosen must be capable of retaining the small RNA component. In this chapter, we will present a set of total RNA isolation methods that can be used to maximize the recovery of high-quality RNA to be used in miRNA analysis for a large number of plant species and tissue types."	0
"Title: The effects of lncRNA MALAT1 on proliferation, invasion and migration in colorectal cancer through regulating SOX9. Abstract: For the study, we determine the potential biomarkers and uncover the regulatory mechanisms of lncRNA MALAT1 / miR-145 / SOX9 axis on the abilities of cell growth and cell metastasis of colorectal cancer. Methods: Previously published dataset GSE18105 from GEO database was used for microarray analysis to identify differential-expressed lncRNAs and mRNAs. The miRNA which had targeted relationships with both lncRNA and mRNA was predicted using miRCode and Targetscan. The association between lncRNA and miRNA, miRNA and mRNA was verified using dual-luciferase reporter assay. Expression levels of lncRNA MALAT1, miR-145 and SOX9 were examined by quantitative RT-PCR analysis. The cell viability of two cancer cell lines was compared by CCK-8 assay. Colony formation was hired to detected cell proliferation. The cell cycle distribution and apoptotic cell rate were conducted by flow cytometry assay. Wound healing as well as transwell assay were compare the cell migration and cell invasion respectively among groups. The effect of MALAT1 on colorectal cancer in vivo was constructed by xenograft model. Results: Significantly dysregulated lncRNAs and mRNAs were identified by microarray analysis. By experimental verification, MALAT1 and SOX9 were expressed in a high percentage of colorectal cancer tumors and cells, while miR-145 was in a low expression. We also identified miR-145 as a target of MALAT1 and SOX9. MALAT1 played a role in regulating cancer process by functioning as a competing endogenous RNA. Silencing MALAT1 could effectively decrease the expression level of SOX9, thus suppress cell viability and metastasis. Down-regulated MALAT1 could induce resistance of G1 phase in cell cycle, and facilitation of colorectal cancer cell apoptosis. Nude mice injected with cells transfected with si-MALAT1 had smaller tumor on size and weight. Conclusions: The regulatory function of lncRNA MALAT1 / miR-145 / SOX9 axis was revealed in colorectal cancer based on bioinformatics analysis. LncRNA MALAT1 could facilitate colorectal cancer cell proliferation, invasion and migration by down-regulating miR-145 and up-regulating SOX9. LncRNA MALAT1 could suppress cell cycle and apoptosis through MALAT1 / miR-145 / SOX9 axis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-137, an HMGA1 target, suppresses colorectal cancer cell invasion and metastasis in mice by directly targeting FMNL2. Abstract: Formin-like (FMNL)2 is up-regulated in colorectal tumors and has been associated with tumor progression, but little is known about regulatory mechanisms. We investigated whether microRNAs regulate levels of FMNL2 in colorectal cancer (CRC) cells. Methods: We used real-time polymerase chain reaction and immunoblot analyses to measure levels of miR-137, high-mobility group AT-hook (HMGA)1, and FMNL2 in CRC cells and tissue samples from patients (n = 50). We used luciferase reporter assays to determine the association between miR-137 and the FMNL2 3' untranslated region, and HMGA1 and the miR-137 promoter. Chromatin immunoprecipitation assays were used to assess direct binding of HMGA1 to the miR-137 promoter. Results: miR-137 and miR-142-3p were predicted to bind FMNL2 based on bioinformatic data. Only the level of miR-137 had a significant inverse correlation with the level of FMNL2 protein in CRC cell lines and tissues. FMNL2 messenger RNA was targeted by miR-137; expression of miR-137 inhibited proliferation and invasion by CRC cells in vitro, and metastasis to liver and intestine by CRC xenografts in nude mice. HMGA1 bound to the promoter of miR-137 and activated its transcription, which reduced levels of FMNL2 in CRC cells. Ectopic expression of miR-137 in CRC cells inhibited phosphorylation of mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and Akt, which reduced levels of matrix metalloproteinase 2, matrix metalloproteinase 9, and vascular endothelial growth factor; it also reduced invasiveness of CRC cells, inhibiting signaling via phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, Akt, and MAPK. Conclusions: Levels of miR-137 and HMGA1 are reduced, and levels of FMNL2 are increased, in CRC samples compared with adjacent normal mucosa. In CRC cells, miR-137 targets FMNL2 messenger RNA and is regulated by the transcription factor HMGA1. Expression of miR-137 reduces CRC cell invasion in vitro and metastasis of tumor xenografts in mice. FMNL2 appears to activate phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, protein kinase B (Akt), and MAPK signaling pathways."	0
"Title: Function of miR-146a in controlling Treg cell-mediated regulation of Th1 responses. Abstract: Foxp3(+) regulatory T (Treg) cells maintain immune homeostasis by limiting different types of inflammatory responses. Here, we report that miR-146a, one of the miRNAs prevalently expressed in Treg cells, is critical for their suppressor function. The deficiency of miR-146a in Treg cells resulted in a breakdown of immunological tolerance manifested in fatal IFN?-dependent immune-mediated lesions in a variety of organs. This was likely due to augmented expression and activation of signal transducer and activator transcription 1 (Stat1), a direct target of miR-146a. Likewise, heightened Stat1 activation in Treg cells subjected to a selective ablation of SOCS1, a key negative regulator of Stat1 phosphorylation downstream of the IFN? receptor, was associated with analogous Th1-mediated pathology. Our results suggest that specific aspects of Treg suppressor function are controlled by a single miRNA and that an optimal range of Stat1 activation is important for Treg-mediated control of Th1 responses and associated autoimmunity."	0
"Title: Epigenetic modification of CCAAT/enhancer binding protein alpha expression in acute myeloid leukemia. Abstract: Functional loss of CCAAT/enhancer binding protein alpha (C/EBP alpha), a master regulatory transcription factor in the hematopoietic system, can result in a differentiation block in granulopoiesis and thus contribute to leukemic transformation. Here, we show the effect of epigenetic aberrations in regulating C/EBP alpha expression in acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Comprehensive DNA methylation analyses of the CpG island of C/EBP alpha identified a densely methylated upstream promoter region in 51% of AML patients. Aberrant DNA methylation was strongly associated with two generally prognostically favorable cytogenetic subgroups: inv(16) and t(15;17). Surprisingly, while epigenetic treatment increased C/EBP alpha mRNA levels in vitro, C/EBP alpha protein levels decreased. Using a computational microRNA (miRNA) prediction approach and functional studies, we show that C/EBP alpha mRNA is a target for miRNA-124a. This miRNA is frequently silenced by epigenetic mechanisms in leukemia cell lines, becomes up-regulated after epigenetic treatment, and targets the C/EBP alpha 3' untranslated region. In this way, C/EBP alpha protein expression is reduced in a posttranscriptional manner. Our results indicate that epigenetic alterations of C/EBP alpha are a frequent event in AML and that epigenetic treatment can result in down-regulation of a key hematopoietic transcription factor."	0
"Title: Exosomal microRNA in serum is a novel biomarker of recurrence in human colorectal cancer. Abstract: Functional microRNAs (miRNAs) in exosomes have been recognised as potential stable biomarkers in cancers. The aim of this study is to identify specific miRNAs in exosome as serum biomarkers for the early detection of recurrence in human colorectal cancer (CRC). Methods: Serum samples were sequentially obtained from six patients with and without recurrent CRC. The miRNAs were purified from exosomes, and miRNA microarray analysis was performed. The miRNA expression profiles and copy number aberrations were explored using microarray and array CGH analyses in 124 CRC tissues. Then, we validated exosomal miRNAs in 2 serum sample sets (90 and 209 CRC patients) by quantitative real-time RT-PCR. Results: Exosomal miR-17-92a cluster expression level in serum was correlated with the recurrence of CRC. Exosomal miR-19a expression levels in serum were significantly increased in patients with CRC as compared with healthy individuals with gene amplification. The CRC patients with high exosomal miR-19a expression showed poorer prognoses than the low expression group (P<0.001). Conclusions: Abundant expression of exosomal miR-19a in serum was identified as a prognostic biomarker for recurrence in CRC patients."	0
"Title: SWAP-70 identifies a transitional subset of actin filaments in motile cells. Abstract: Functionally different subsets of actin filament arrays contribute to cellular organization and motility. We report the identification of a novel subset of loose actin filament arrays through regulated association with the widely expressed protein SWAP-70. These loose actin filament arrays were commonly located behind protruding lamellipodia and membrane ruffles. Visualization of these loose actin filament arrays was dependent on lamellipodial protrusion and the binding of the SWAP-70 PH-domain to a 3'-phosphoinositide. SWAP-70 with a functional pleckstrin homology-domain lacking the C-terminal 60 residues was targeted to the area of the loose actin filament arrays, but it did not associate with actin filaments. The C-terminal 60 residues were sufficient for actin filament association, but they provided no specificity for the subset of loose actin filament arrays. These results identify SWAP-70 as a phosphoinositide 3-kinase signaling-dependent marker for a distinct, hitherto unrecognized, array of actin filaments. Overexpression of SWAP-70 altered the actin organization and lamellipodial morphology. These alterations were dependent on a proper subcellular targeting of SWAP-70. We propose that SWAP-70 regulates the actin cytoskeleton as an effector or adaptor protein in response to agonist stimulated phosphatidylinositol (3,4)-bisphosphate production and cell protrusion."	0
"Title: Interferon-gamma levels are upregulated by 17-beta-estradiol and diethylstilbestrol. Abstract: Gamma-interferon (IFN-gamma) plays an important role in the maintenance of immune homeostasis by regulating the functions of all key cells of the immune system. Pathologically, IFN-gamma has been implicated in several autoimmune diseases. Since estrogens affect autoimmunity, we investigated whether immunomodulatory estrogenic hormones affects IFN-gamma. Concanavalin-A-stimulated splenic lymphocytes from orchiectomized or ovariectomized C57BL/6 mice exposed to estrogen for 3-5 months secreted higher levels of IFN-gamma protein compared to controls. This increase is, in part, due to increased levels of IFN-gamma mRNA. Kinetic studies suggested that splenic lymphocytes from estrogen-treated gonadectomized mice had increased IFN-gamma mRNA and protein as early as 6-12 h of culture. Estrogen also increased the expression of co-stimulatory CD80 (B7-1) molecules on B cells. Since natural estrogen increases IFN-gamma, it became important to test whether diethylstilbestrol (DES, a synthetic estrogen which was given to millions of women) also alters IFN-gamma levels. Our initial investigatory studies show that prenatal mice exposed to DES had a normal ability to secrete IFN-gamma. However, a second exposure of these mice to DES (single dose of 1 microg/g.b.w), as late as 1-1.5 years of age, led to a pronounced increase in the number of IFN-gamma secreting cells and augmented secretion of IFN-gamma. Increased IFN-gamma secretion by splenic lymphocytes from these mice was noted even after stimulation with a submitogenic concentration of anti-CD3 antibodies with or without anti-CD28 antibodies. Cell mixing experiments suggested that the DES-induced increase in IFN-gamma secretion is due to hormonal effects on T cells but not on APC. Together our studies show that: (1) estrogens upregulate IFN-gamma secretion, a vital immunoregulatory cytokine, and (2) inappropriate exposure of developing fetus to DES may permanently alter the ""cytokine programming"" of lymphocytes."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 is a potential prognostic factor of scirrhous type gastric cancer. Abstract: Gastric cancer (GC) is one of the most common malignancies worldwide. In particular, scirrhous type GC is highly metastatic and is characterized clinically by rapid disease progression and poor prognosis. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play crucial roles in cancer development and progression. We previously demonstrated by microarray analysis that microRNA-145 (miR-145) is one of the more highly expressed miRNAs in scirrhous type GC vs. non-scirrhous types of GC. In the present study, we investigated the role of miR-145 in scirrhous type GC. The expression levels of miR-145 assessed by quantitative RT-PCR were higher in scirrhous type GC tissue samples than in non-scirrhous type GC and corresponding normal tissues. GC patients with high miR-145 expression were at a more advanced tumor stage (P=0.0156) and had more scirrhous type histology (P=0.0054) than those with low miR-145 expression. Furthermore, miR-145 expression was significantly associated with poor prognosis in GC patients (P=0.0438). miR-145 expression was localized in stromal fibroblasts of scirrhous type GC but not in cancer cells. miR-145 was induced by treatment by transforming growth factor-?, and it enhanced the expression of ?-smooth muscle actin, a marker of myofibroblasts, in both normal gastric fibroblasts and cancer-associated fibroblasts. These data suggest that miR-145 may contribute to the progression of scirrhous type GC by regulating activation of peri-tumoral fibroblasts."	0
"Title: Circulating MiR-16-5p and MiR-19b-3p as Two Novel Potential Biomarkers to Indicate Progression of Gastric Cancer. Abstract: Gastric cancer (GC) is the second most common cancer in China and the second leading cause of cancer-related death in the world. Identifying circulating biomarkers is helpful to improve theranostics of gastric cancer. Herein, we are for the first time to report miR-16-5p and miR-19b-3p were identified to be the novel potential plasma biomarkers to detect gastric cancer. Differentially expressed miRNAs were initially screened out by genome-wide miRNA profiling microarrays between 16 plasma samples of gastric cancer and 18 matched normal controls, and then were quantified and validated by quantitative reverse transcription-PCR method between 155 gastric cancer cases and 111 normal controls. Additionally, 30 plasma samples from precancerous lesions and 18 paired samples from gastric cancer patients with gastrectomy were further detected. Results showed that based on two normalization methods, miR-16-5p and miR-19b-3p in plasma were found to be capable of distinguishing normal population from GC cases with different TNM stages and differentiation grades, particularly including the early cancer cases (P<0.05). And the two miRNAs were down-regulated in GC cases (FC<0.5). Especially, the down-regulation degree was correlated with the progression of the GC cases from the early stage to the advanced stage (0.2< r s<0.3, P<0.01). And the same weak down-regulation of the two biomarkers as the early GC occurred initially in the precancerous diseases (P<0.05). The corresponding performance of the two miRNAs to detect GC in ROC analysis gradually performed better with the disease progression from the earlier stages or lower grades to the advanced stages (TNM ? stage: AUC=0.832 for miR-16-5p; TNM ? stage: AUC=0.822 for miR-19b-3p) or high grade (Poorly differentiated: AUC=0.801, 0.791 respectively for miR-16-5p and miR-19b-3p). Additionally, miR-19b-3p remained down-regulated in patient plasma within 9 days after gastrectomy. In conclusion, miR-19b-3p and miR-16-5p maybe prospective biomarkers to detect gastric cancer and indicate its progression, and thus may own great potential in applications such as early screening and progression evaluation of gastric cancer in the near future."	0
"Title: microRNA-21 promotes tumor proliferation and invasion in gastric cancer by targeting PTEN. Abstract: Gastric cancer is one of the most common carcinomas in China. microRNAs, a type of non-coding RNA, are important specific regulators and are involved in numerous bioprocesses of an organism. microRNA-21 (miR-21) has been identified as the most suitable choice for further investigation because it is overexpressed in nearly all solid tumors; furthermore, it has been demonstrated that miR-21 is involved in the genesis and progression of human cancer. It has been reported that PTEN, an important tumour suppressor, is regulated by multiple miRNAs. Thus, in this study we focused on the expression and significance of miR-21 in gastric cancer tissues, and the role of miR-21 in the biological behaviour and the expression of PTEN in gastric cancer cells. Real-time PCR was used to detect miR-21 expression in gastric cancer tissues, the adjacent normal tissues, and the gastric cell lines. The gastric cancer cell line BGC-823 was transfected with pre-miR-21/miR-21 inhibitor to overexpress/downregulate miR-21. The influence of miR-21 on the biological behaviour of gastric cancer cells was evaluated using the CCK-8 kit, FCMs, the scratch healing assay and the transwell test. Western blotting and the Luciferase Reporter Assay were used to evaluate the change of PTEN expression after lowered expression of miR-21 in gastric cancer cell lines. Real-time PCR analysis indicated that miR-21 exhibited higher expression in gastric cancer tissues compared to the adjacent non-tumor tissues. miR-21 expression was significantly associated with the degree of differentiation of the tumour tissues (P=0.004), as well as local invasion and lymph node metastasis (P<0.01). After transfection, pre-miR21 BGC-823 cells grew faster than the negative and control groups (P<0.01). The reduction in miR-21 expression demonstrated a remarkable effect on the biological behaviour of gastric cancer cells (P<0.05); the pre-miR-21-transfected cells healed more quickly compared to the control cells in the scratch healing assay, whereas the transwell test indicated that cell migration in vitro was notably inhibited with the downregulation of miR-21 (P<0.05). The western blot results and Luciferase Reporter Assay demonstrated that PTEN expression was remarkably increased after miR-21 inhibition (P<0.05). microRNA-21 expression was upregulated in gastric carcinoma tissues and was significantly associated with the degree of differentiation of tumour tissues, local invasion and lymph node metastasis. Overexpression of miR-21 promoted BGC-823 cell growth, invasion and cell migration in vitro, whereas downregulation of miR-21 exhibited a stronger inhibitory effect on the biological behaviour of gastric cancer cells; additionally, miR-21 inhibition may upregulate the PTEN expression level, which indicates that PTEN may be a target gene for gastric cancer initiation and development."	0
Title: A novel and universal method for microRNA RT-qPCR data normalization. Abstract: Gene expression analysis of microRNA molecules is becoming increasingly important. In this study we assess the use of the mean expression value of all expressed microRNAs in a given sample as a normalization factor for microRNA real-time quantitative PCR data and compare its performance to the currently adopted approach. We demonstrate that the mean expression value outperforms the current normalization strategy in terms of better reduction of technical variation and more accurate appreciation of biological changes.	0
"Title: Molecular mechanisms of RNA-triggered gene silencing machineries. Abstract: Gene silencing by RNA triggers is an ancient, evolutionarily conserved, and widespread phenomenon. This process, known as RNA interference (RNAi), occurs when double-stranded RNA helices induce cleavage of their complementary mRNAs. Because these RNA molecules can be introduced exogenously as small interfering RNAs (siRNAs), RNAi has become an everyday experimental tool in laboratory research. In addition, the number of RNA-based therapeutics that are currently in clinical trials for a variety of human diseases demonstrate the therapeutic potential of RNAi. In this Account, we focus on our current understanding of the structure and function of various classes of RNAi triggers and how this knowledge has contributed to our understanding of the biogenesis and catalytic functions of siRNA and microRNA in mammalian cells. Mechanistic studies to understand the structure and function of small RNAs that induce RNAi have illuminated broad functions of the ancient RNAi machinery in animals and plants. In addition, such studies have provided insight to identify endogenous physiological gene silencing RNA triggers that engage functional machineries similar to siRNAs. Several endogenous small RNA species have been identified: small noncoding RNAs (microRNAs), piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs), and endogenous siRNAs (endo-siRNAs). microRNAs are the most widespread class of small RNAs in mammalian cells. Despite their importance in biology and medicine, the molecular and cellular mechanisms of microRNA biogenesis and function are not fully understood. We provide an overview of the current understanding of how these molecules are synthesized within cells and how they act on gene targets. Interesting questions remain both for understanding the effects of modifications and editing on microRNAs and the interactions between microRNAs and other cellular RNAs such as long noncoding RNAs."	0
"Title: Current status of polymeric gene delivery systems. Abstract: Gene therapy provides great opportunities for treating diseases from genetic disorders, infections and cancer. To achieve successful gene therapy, development of proper gene delivery systems could be one of the most important factors. Several non-viral gene transfer methods have been developed to overcome the safety problems of their viral counterpart. Polymer-based non-viral gene carriers have been used due to their merits in safety including the avoidance of potential immunogenecity and toxicity, the possibility of repeated administration, and the ease of the establishment of good manufacturing practice (GMP). A wide range of polymeric vectors have been utilized to deliver therapeutic genes in vivo. The modification of polymeric vectors has also shown successful improvements in achieving target-specific delivery and in promoting intracellular gene transfer efficiency. Various systemic and cellular barriers, including serum proteins in blood stream, cell membrane, endosomal compartment and nuclear membrane, were successfully circumvented by designing polymer carriers having a smart molecular structure. This review explores the recent development of polymeric gene carriers and presents the future directions for the application of the polymer-based gene delivery systems in gene therapy."	0
"Title: Non-viral vectors for gene-based therapy. Abstract: Gene-based therapy is the intentional modulation of gene expression in specific cells to treat pathological conditions. This modulation is accomplished by introducing exogenous nucleic acids such as DNA, mRNA, small interfering RNA (siRNA), microRNA (miRNA) or antisense oligonucleotides. Given the large size and the negative charge of these macromolecules, their delivery is typically mediated by carriers or vectors. In this Review, we introduce the biological barriers to gene delivery in vivo and discuss recent advances in material sciences, nanotechnology and nucleic acid chemistry that have yielded promising non-viral delivery systems, some of which are currently undergoing testing in clinical trials. The diversity of these systems highlights the recent progress of gene-based therapy using non-viral approaches."	0
"Title: Accurate normalization of real-time quantitative RT-PCR data by geometric averaging of multiple internal control genes. Abstract: Gene-expression analysis is increasingly important in biological research, with real-time reverse transcription PCR (RT-PCR) becoming the method of choice for high-throughput and accurate expression profiling of selected genes. Given the increased sensitivity, reproducibility and large dynamic range of this methodology, the requirements for a proper internal control gene for normalization have become increasingly stringent. Although housekeeping gene expression has been reported to vary considerably, no systematic survey has properly determined the errors related to the common practice of using only one control gene, nor presented an adequate way of working around this problem. Results: We outline a robust and innovative strategy to identify the most stably expressed control genes in a given set of tissues, and to determine the minimum number of genes required to calculate a reliable normalization factor. We have evaluated ten housekeeping genes from different abundance and functional classes in various human tissues, and demonstrated that the conventional use of a single gene for normalization leads to relatively large errors in a significant proportion of samples tested. The geometric mean of multiple carefully selected housekeeping genes was validated as an accurate normalization factor by analyzing publicly available microarray data. Conclusions: The normalization strategy presented here is a prerequisite for accurate RT-PCR expression profiling, which, among other things, opens up the possibility of studying the biological relevance of small expression differences."	0
"Title: Piwil2 expressed in various stages of cervical neoplasia is a potential complementary marker for p16. Abstract: Generally, cancers may undergo the developmental stages of benign proliferation, precancer and invasive cancer. Identification of biomarkers that are expressed throughout the developmental stages will facilitate detection, prevention and therapy of cancer. Piwil2, a member of AGO/PIWI family of proteins, has been suggested to be associated with tumor development. Here we reported that piwil2 can be detected by immunohistochemistry (IHC) in various stages of human cervical squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas. Interestingly, piwil2 was also detected in some metaplastic epithelial cells as well as histologically ""normal"" appearing tissues adjacent to malignant lesions. While all the premalignant and malignant lesions expressed varying levels of piwil2, p16(INK4a) (p16), a surrogate indicator of high-risk human papillomavirus (HR-HPV) infection, was detected in only 84.62% of the specimens. In Papanicolaou (Pap) test, piwil2 was also detected in atypical glandular cells (AGC), low-grade (LSIL) and high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSIL), whereas p16 was not always concomitantly detected in the same specimens. The results suggest that piwil2 might play important roles throughout the process of cervical cancer development and have the potential to be used as a complementary marker for p16(INK4a). It is worth further study to improve the sensitivity and specificity of current screening methods for cervical cancers."	0
"Title: Long and short non-coding RNAs as regulators of hematopoietic differentiation. Abstract: Genomic analyses estimated that the proportion of the genome encoding proteins corresponds to approximately 1.5%, while at least 66% are transcribed, suggesting that many non-coding DNA-regions generate non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs). The relevance of these ncRNAs in biological, physiological as well as in pathological processes increased over the last two decades with the understanding of their implication in complex regulatory networks. This review particularly focuses on the involvement of two large families of ncRNAs, namely microRNAs (miRNAs) and long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) in the regulation of hematopoiesis. To date, miRNAs have been widely studied, leading to a wealth of data about processing, regulation and mechanisms of action and more specifically, their involvement in hematopoietic differentiation. Notably, the interaction of miRNAs with the regulatory network of transcription factors is well documented whereas roles, regulation and mechanisms of lncRNAs remain largely unexplored in hematopoiesis; this review gathers current data about lncRNAs as well as both potential and confirmed roles in normal and pathological hematopoiesis."	0
"Title: Role for piRNAs and noncoding RNA in de novo DNA methylation of the imprinted mouse Rasgrf1 locus. Abstract: Genomic imprinting causes parental origin-specific monoallelic gene expression through differential DNA methylation established in the parental germ line. However, the mechanisms underlying how specific sequences are selectively methylated are not fully understood. We have found that the components of the PIWI-interacting RNA (piRNA) pathway are required for de novo methylation of the differentially methylated region (DMR) of the imprinted mouse Rasgrf1 locus, but not other paternally imprinted loci. A retrotransposon sequence within a noncoding RNA spanning the DMR was targeted by piRNAs generated from a different locus. A direct repeat in the DMR, which is required for the methylation and imprinting of Rasgrf1, served as a promoter for this RNA. We propose a model in which piRNAs and a target RNA direct the sequence-specific methylation of Rasgrf1."	0
"Title: Down-regulation of BRCA1 expression by miR-146a and miR-146b-5p in triple negative sporadic breast cancers. Abstract: Germ-line mutations in the BRCA1 gene strongly predispose women to breast cancer (lifetime risk up to 80%). Furthermore, the BRCA1 protein is absent or present at very low levels in about one third of sporadic breast cancers. However, the mechanisms underlying BRCA1 somatic inactivation appear multiple and are still not fully understood. We report here the involvement of miR-146a and miR-146b-5p that bind to the same site in the 3'UTR of BRCA1 and down-regulate its expression as demonstrated using reporter assays. This was further confirmed with the endogenous BRCA1 gene by transfecting microRNA (miRNA) precursors or inhibitors in mammary cell lines. This down-regulation was accompanied by an increased proliferation and a reduced homologous recombination rate, two processes controlled by BRCA1. Furthermore, we showed that the highest levels of miR-146a and/or miR-146b-5p are found in basal-like mammary tumour epithelial cell lines and in triple negative breast tumours, which are the closest to tumours arising in carriers of BRCA1 mutations. This work provides further evidence for the involvement of miRNAs in sporadic breast cancer through down-regulation of BRCA1."	0
"Title: A novel group of pumilio mutations affects the asymmetric division of germline stem cells in the Drosophila ovary. Abstract: Germline stem cells play a pivotal role in gametogenesis; yet little is known about how they are formed, how they divide to self-renew, and how these processes are genetically controlled. Here we describe the self-renewing asymmetric division of germline stem cells in the Drosophila ovarian germline, as marked by the spectrosome, a cytoplasmic structure rich in membrane skeletal proteins. The ontogeny of the spectrosome marks the lineage of germline stem cells. We identified two new groups of mutations in which the divisional asymmetry is disrupted. The first, which we refer to as ovarette (ovt) mutations, was shown to correspond to a novel class of mutations in the pumilio locus. Since pumilio is known to posttranscriptionally repress the expression of target genes at earlier stages of germ cell development, our results suggest that a similar activity is needed to maintain germ line stem cells. We have also identified a second and novel gene, piwi, whose mutations abolish germline stem cell division."	0
"Title: Genetic and epigenetic association studies suggest a role of microRNA biogenesis gene exportin-5 (XPO5) in breast tumorigenesis. Abstract: Given strong evidence implicating an important role of altered microRNA expression in cancer initiation and progression, the genes responsible for microRNA biogenesis may also play a role in tumorigenesis. Exportin-5 (XPO5) is responsible for exporting pre-miRNAs through the nuclear membrane to the cytoplasm, and is thus critical in miRNA biogenesis. In the current study, we performed both genetic and epigenetic association studies of XPO5 in a case control study of breast cancer. We first genotyped two missense SNPs in XPO5, rs34324334 (S241N) and rs11544382 (M1115T), and further analyzed methylation levels in the XPO5 promoter region for blood DNA samples from a breast cancer case-control study. We found the variant genotypes of rs11544382 to be associated with breast cancer risk (OR=1.59, 95% CI: 1.06 -2.39), compared to the homozygous common genotype. When stratified by menopausal status, the variant alleles of both rs11544382 (OR=1.82, 95% CI: 1.09-3.03) and rs34324334 (OR=1.76, 95% CI: 1.10-2.83) were significantly associated with breast cancer risk in post-menopausal women. The methylation analysis showed that the ""high"" and combined ""high/middle"" tertiles of methylation index were associated with reduced risk of breast cancer (OR=0.34, 95% CI:0.15-0.81 and OR=0.47, 95% CI:0.24-0.94, respectively; P(trend)=0.015). These results were corroborated by data from a publicly available tissue array, which showed lower levels of XPO5 expression in healthy controls relative to tumor or adjacent tissues from breast cancer patients with tumor tissue exhibiting the highest expression levels. These findings support the hypothesis that variations in components of the miRNA biogenesis pathway, in this case XPO5, may affect an individual's risk of developing breast cancer."	0
"Title: A systematic review of microRNA in glioblastoma multiforme: micro-modulators in the mesenchymal mode of migration and invasion. Abstract: Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is an incurable form of brain cancer with a very poor prognosis. Because of its highly invasive nature, it is impossible to remove all tumor cells during surgical resection, making relapse inevitable. Further research into the regulatory mechanism underpinning GBM pathogenesis is therefore warranted, and over the past decade, there has been an increased focus on the functional role of microRNA (miRNA). This systematic review aims to present a comprehensive overview of all the available literature on the expression profiles and function of miRNA in GBM. Here, we have reviewed 163 papers and identified 253 upregulated, 95 downregulated, and 17 disputed miRNAs with respect to expression levels; 85 % of these miRNAs have not yet been functionally characterized. A focus in this study has been 26 interesting miRNAs involved in the mesenchymal mode of migration and invasion, demonstrating the importance of miRNAs in the context of the cellular niche. Both oncogenic and tumor-suppressive miRNAs were found to affect target genes involved in cell migration, cytoskeletal rearrangement, invasiveness, and angiogenesis. Clearly, the distinct functional properties of these miRNAs need further investigation and might hold a great potential in future molecular therapies targeting GBM."	0
"Title: miR-124 and miR-137 inhibit proliferation of glioblastoma multiforme cells and induce differentiation of brain tumor stem cells. Abstract: Glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) is an invariably fatal central nervous system tumor despite treatment with surgery, radiation, and chemotherapy. Further insights into the molecular and cellular mechanisms that drive GBM formation are required to improve patient outcome. MicroRNAs are emerging as important regulators of cellular differentiation and proliferation, and have been implicated in the etiology of a variety of cancers, yet the role of microRNAs in GBM remains poorly understood. In this study, we investigated the role of microRNAs in regulating the differentiation and proliferation of neural stem cells and glioblastoma-multiforme tumor cells. Methods: We used quantitative RT-PCR to assess microRNA expression in high-grade astrocytomas and adult mouse neural stem cells. To assess the function of candidate microRNAs in high-grade astrocytomas, we transfected miR mimics to cultured-mouse neural stem cells, -mouse oligodendroglioma-derived stem cells, -human glioblastoma multiforme-derived stem cells and -glioblastoma multiforme cell lines. Cellular differentiation was assessed by immunostaining, and cellular proliferation was determined using fluorescence-activated cell sorting. Results: Our studies revealed that expression levels of microRNA-124 and microRNA-137 were significantly decreased in anaplastic astrocytomas (World Health Organization grade III) and glioblastoma multiforme (World Health Organization grade IV) relative to non-neoplastic brain tissue (P < 0.01), and were increased 8- to 20-fold during differentiation of cultured mouse neural stem cells following growth factor withdrawal. Expression of microRNA-137 was increased 3- to 12-fold in glioblastoma multiforme cell lines U87 and U251 following inhibition of DNA methylation with 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (5-aza-dC). Transfection of microRNA-124 or microRNA-137 induced morphological changes and marker expressions consistent with neuronal differentiation in mouse neural stem cells, mouse oligodendroglioma-derived stem cells derived from S100 beta-v-erbB tumors and cluster of differentiation 133+ human glioblastoma multiforme-derived stem cells (SF6969). Transfection of microRNA-124 or microRNA-137 also induced G1 cell cycle arrest in U251 and SF6969 glioblastoma multiforme cells, which was associated with decreased expression of cyclin-dependent kinase 6 and phosphorylated retinoblastoma (pSer 807/811) proteins. Conclusion: microRNA-124 and microRNA-137 induce differentiation of adult mouse neural stem cells, mouse oligodendroglioma-derived stem cells and human glioblastoma multiforme-derived stem cells and induce glioblastoma multiforme cell cycle arrest. These results suggest that targeted delivery of microRNA-124 and/or microRNA-137 to glioblastoma multiforme tumor cells may be therapeutically efficacious for the treatment of this disease."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 is downregulated in glial tumors and regulates glioma cell migration by targeting connective tissue growth factor. Abstract: Glioblastomas (GBM), the most common and aggressive type of malignant glioma, are characterized by increased invasion into the surrounding brain tissues. Despite intensive therapeutic strategies, the median survival of GBM patients has remained dismal over the last decades. In this study we examined the expression of miR-145 in glial tumors and its function in glioma cells. Using TCGA analysis and real-time PCR we found that the expression of miR-145/143 cluster was downregulated in astrocytic tumors compared to normal brain specimens and in glioma cells and glioma stem cells (GSCs) compared to normal astrocytes and neural stem cells. Moreover, the low expression of both miR-145 and miR-143 in GBM was correlated with poor patient prognosis. Transfection of glioma cells with miR-145 mimic or transduction with a lentivirus vector expressing pre-miR 145 significantly decreased the migration and invasion of glioma cells. We identified connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) as a novel target of miR-145 in glioma cells; transfection of the cells with this miRNA decreased the expression of CTGF as determined by Western blot analysis and the expression of its 3'-UTR fused to luciferase. Overexpression of a CTGF plasmid lacking the 3'-UTR and administration of recombinant CTGF protein abrogated the inhibitory effect of miR-145 on glioma cell migration. Similarly, we found that silencing of CTGF decreased the migration of glioma cells. CTGF silencing also decreased the expression of SPARC, phospho-FAK and FAK and overexpression of SPARC abrogated the inhibitory effect of CTGF silencing on cell migration. These results demonstrate that miR-145 is downregulated in glial tumors and its low expression in GBM predicts poor patient prognosis. In addition miR-145 regulates glioma cell migration by targeting CTGF which downregulates SPARC expression. Therefore, miR-145 is an attractive therapeutic target for anti-invasive treatment of astrocytic tumors."	0
"Title: Inhibition of cancer stem cell-like properties and reduced chemoradioresistance of glioblastoma using microRNA145 with cationic polyurethane-short branch PEI. Abstract: Glioblastomas (GBMs) are the most common primary brain tumors with poor prognosis. CD133 has been considered a putative marker of cancer stem cells (CSCs) in malignant cancers, including GBMs. MicroRNAs (miRNAs), highly conserved small RNA molecules, may target oncogenes and have potential as a therapeutic strategy against cancer. However, the role of miRNAs in GBM-associated CSCs remains mostly unclear. In this study, our miRNA/mRNA-microarray and RT-PCR analysis showed that the expression of miR145 (a tumor-suppressive miRNA) is inversely correlated with the levels of Oct4 and Sox2 in GBM-CD133(+) cells and malignant glioma specimens. We demonstrated that miR145 negatively regulates GBM tumorigenesis by targeting Oct4 and Sox2 in GBM-CD133(+). Using polyurethane-short branch polyethylenimine (PU-PEI) as a therapeutic-delivery vehicle, PU-PEI-mediated miR145 delivery to GBM-CD133(+) significantly inhibited their tumorigenic and CSC-like abilities and facilitated their differentiation into CD133(-)-non-CSCs. Furthermore, PU-PEI-miR145-treated GBM-CD133(+) effectively suppressed the expression of drug-resistance and anti-apoptotic genes and increased the sensitivity of the cells to radiation and temozolomide. Finally, the in vivo delivery of PU-PEI-miR145 alone significantly suppressed tumorigenesis with stemness, and synergistically improved the survival rate when used in combination with radiotherapy and temozolomide in orthotopic GBM-CD133(+)-transplanted immunocompromised mice. Therefore, PU-PEI-miR145 is a novel therapeutic approach for malignant brain tumors."	0
"Title: miR-143 inhibits glycolysis and depletes stemness of glioblastoma stem-like cells. Abstract: Glioblastomas rely mainly on aerobic glycolysis to sustain proliferation and growth; however, little is known about the regulatory mechanisms of metabolism in glioblastoma stem cells. We show that miR-143 is significantly down-regulated in glioma tissues and glioblastoma stem-like cells (GSLCs), while miR-143 over-expression inhibits glycolysis by directly targeting hexokinase 2, and promotes differentiation of GSLCs. Moreover, miR-143 inhibits proliferation of GSLCs under hypoxic conditions and decreases tumor formation capacity of GSLCs in vivo. We also show that a combination of miR-143 and 2-DG, a widely used glycolysis inhibitor, has synergistic effects against GSLCs. miR-143 is a potential therapeutic target for glioblastoma treatment."	0
"Title: Glucocorticoid regulation of a novel HPV-E6-p53-miR-145 pathway modulates invasion and therapy resistance of cervical cancer cells. Abstract: Glucocorticoids are stress-responsive neuroendocrine mediators and play an important role in malignant progression, especially in solid tumours. We demonstrate a novel mechanism by which glucocorticoids modulate p53-dependent miR-145 expression in HPV-positive cervical cancer cells through induction of E6 proteins. We found that expression of miR-145 was reduced in cervical cancer tissues. Cortisol induced HPV-E6 expression and suppressed p53 and miR-145 in cervical cancer cells. MiR-145 expression in cervical cancer cells was wild-type p53-dependent, and cortisol-induced down-regulation of miR-145 expression prevented chemotherapy-induced apoptosis, whereas over-expression of miR-145 enhanced sensitivity to mitomycin and reversed the chemoresistance induced by glucocorticoids. We also show that miR-145 augments the effects of p53 by suppressing the inhibitors of p53 in cervical cancer cells, suggesting that miR-145 plays a role in p53 tumour suppression. Finally, we demonstrate that miR-145 inhibits both the motility and invasion of cervical cancer cells. Our findings identify a novel pathway through which the neuroendocrine macroenvironment affects cervical tumour growth, invasion and therapy resistance and show that miR-145 may serve as a target for cervical cancer therapy. Copyright © 2012 Pathological Society of Great Britain and Ireland. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."	0
"Title: Clinical significance of miR-21 expression in breast cancer: SYBR-Green I-based real-time RT-PCR study of invasive ductal carcinoma. Abstract: Growing evidence suggests microRNAs (miRNAs) have an important role in tumorigenesis. MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is up-regulated in many malignant tumors, including breast cancer. Its association with clinicopathologic features and expression of PTEN (phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome 10), one of its target genes, in breast cancer has not been reported systematically. To further determine the potential involvement of miR-21 in breast cancer, we have evaluated the expression level of miR-21 by stem-loop real-time RT-PCR based on SYBR-Green I in human invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast, and we have correlated the results with clinicopathologic features and PTEN protein expression. Matched non-tumor and tumor tissues of 40 human invasive ductal carcinoma of the breast were analyzed for miR-21 expression by stem-loop real-time RT-PCR based on SYBR-Green I. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) was used to estimate PTEN expression in tumor tissue. The expression levels of miR-21 were correlated with PTEN and commonly used clinicopathologic features of breast cancer. The stem-loop real-time RT-PCR based on SYBR-Green I was sensitive and specific enough to detect miR-21. Expression levels of miR-21 were significantly higher in tumor tissues than the levels in matched non-tumor tissues (P=0.000). Expression of miR-21 was negatively correlated with expression of PTEN (P=0.013). Up-regulated miR-21 expression was associated with lymph node positivity (P=0.01), higher proliferation index (ki67>10%) (P=0.03) and advanced breast cancer TNM clinical stage (P=0.021). These findings suggest that PTEN is possibly one of the targets of miR-21 in breast cancer and high expression of mir-21 indicates a more aggressive phenotype."	0
"Title: GW182 proteins cause PABP dissociation from silenced miRNA targets in the absence of deadenylation. Abstract: GW182 family proteins interact with Argonaute proteins and are required for the translational repression, deadenylation and decay of miRNA targets. To elicit these effects, GW182 proteins interact with poly(A)-binding protein (PABP) and the CCR4-NOT deadenylase complex. Although the mechanism of miRNA target deadenylation is relatively well understood, how GW182 proteins repress translation is not known. Here, we demonstrate that GW182 proteins decrease the association of eIF4E, eIF4G and PABP with miRNA targets. eIF4E association is restored in cells in which miRNA targets are deadenylated, but decapping is inhibited. In these cells, eIF4G binding is not restored, indicating that eIF4G dissociates as a consequence of deadenylation. In contrast, PABP dissociates from silenced targets in the absence of deadenylation. PABP dissociation requires the interaction of GW182 proteins with the CCR4-NOT complex. Accordingly, NOT1 and POP2 cause dissociation of PABP from bound mRNAs in the absence of deadenylation. Our findings indicate that the recruitment of the CCR4-NOT complex by GW182 proteins releases PABP from the mRNA poly(A) tail, thereby disrupting mRNA circularization and facilitating translational repression and deadenylation."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in gynecological cancers: Small molecules with big implications. Abstract: Gynecological cancers (GCs) are often diagnosed at advanced stages, limiting the efficacy of available therapeutic options. Thus, there remains an urgent and unmet need for innovative research for the efficient clinical management of GC patients. Research over past several years has revealed the enormous promise of miRNAs. These small non-coding RNAs can aid in the diagnosis, prognosis and therapy of all major GCs, viz., ovarian cancers, cervical cancers and endometrial cancers. Mechanistic details of the miRNAs-mediated regulation of multiple biological functions are under constant investigation, and a number of miRNAs are now believed to influence growth, proliferation, invasion, metastasis, chemoresistance and the relapse of different GCs. Modulation of tumor microenvironment by miRNAs can possibly explain some of their reported biological effects. miRNA signatures have been proposed as biomarkers for the early detection of GCs, even the various subtypes of individual GCs. miRNA signatures are also being pursued as predictors of response to therapies. This review catalogs the knowledge gained from collective studies, so as to assess the progress made so far. It is time to ponder over the knowledge gained, so that more meaningful pre-clinical and translational studies can be designed to better realize the potential that miRNAs have to offer."	0
"Title: Lipid-based nanoparticle delivery of Pre-miR-107 inhibits the tumorigenicity of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) is the sixth most prevalent cancer worldwide with about 600,000 new cases diagnosed in the last year. Our laboratory showed that miR-107 expression is reduced and functions as a tumor suppressor gene in HNSCC suggesting the potential application of miR-107 as a novel anticancer therapeutic. In this study, we determined the efficiency and efficacy of cationic lipid nanoparticles to deliver pre-miR-107 (NP/pre-miR-107) in HNSCC cells in vitro and in vivo. NP/pre-miR-107 increased delivery of miR-107 into HNSCC cells by greater than 80,000-fold compared to free pre-miR-107. Levels of known miR-107 targets, protein kinase C? (PKC?), cyclin-dependent kinase 6 (CDK6), and hypoxia-inducible factor 1-? (HIF1-?), decreased following NP/pre-miR-107 treatment. Clonogenic survival, cell invasion, and cell migration of HNSCC cells was inhibited with NP/pre-miR-107. Moreover, NP/pre-miR-107 reduced the cancer-initiating cell (CIC) population and dampened the expression of the core embryonic stem cell transcription factors, Nanog, Oct3/4, and Sox2. In a preclinical mouse model of HNSCC, systemic administration of NP/pre-miR-107 significantly retarded tumor growth by 45.2% compared to NP/pre-miR-control (P < 0.005, n = 7). Kaplan-Meier analysis showed a survival advantage for the NP/pre-miR-107 treatment group (P = 0.017). Our results demonstrate that cationic lipid nanoparticles are an effective carrier approach to deliver therapeutic miRs to HNSCC."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in Heart Failure, Cardiac Transplantation, and Myocardial Recovery: Biomarkers with Therapeutic Potential. Abstract: Heart failure is increasing in prevalence with a lack of recently developed therapies that produce major beneficial effects on its associated mortality. MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression, are differentially regulated in heart failure, and are found in the circulation serving as a biomarker of heart failure. Recent findings: Data suggests that microRNAs may be used to detect allograft rejection in cardiac transplantation and may predict the degree of myocardial recovery in patients with a left ventricular assist device or treated with beta-blocker therapy. Given their role in regulating cellular function, microRNAs are an intriguing target for oligonucleotide therapeutics, designed to mimic or antagonize (antagomir) their biological effects. We review the current state of microRNAs as biomarkers of heart failure and associated conditions, the mechanisms by which microRNAs control cellular function, and how specific microRNAs may be targeted with novel therapeutics designed to treat heart failure."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-29b suppresses tumor angiogenesis, invasion, and metastasis by regulating matrix metalloproteinase 2 expression. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is a highly vascularized tumor with frequent intrahepatic metastasis. Active angiogenesis and metastasis are responsible for rapid recurrence and poor survival of HCC. We previously found that microRNA-29b (miR-29b) down-regulation was significantly associated with poor recurrence-free survival of HCC patients. Therefore, the role of miR-29b in tumor angiogenesis, invasion, and metastasis was further investigated in this study using in vitro capillary tube formation and transwell assays, in vivo subcutaneous and orthotopic xenograft mouse models, and Matrigel plug assay, and human HCC samples. Both gain- and loss-of-function studies showed that miR-29b dramatically suppressed the ability of HCC cells to promote capillary tube formation of endothelial cells and to invade extracellular matrix gel in vitro. Using mouse models, we revealed that tumors derived from miR-29b-expressed HCC cells displayed significant reduction in microvessel density and in intrahepatic metastatic capacity compared with those from the control group. Subsequent investigations revealed that matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) was a direct target of miR-29b. The blocking of MMP-2 by neutralizing antibody or RNA interference phenocopied the antiangiogenesis and antiinvasion effects of miR-29b, whereas introduction of MMP-2 antagonized the function of miR-29b. We further disclosed that miR-29b exerted its antiangiogenesis function, at least partly, by suppressing MMP-2 expression in tumor cells and, in turn, impairing vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2-signaling in endothelial cells. Consistently, in human HCC tissues and mouse xenograft tumors miR-29b level was inversely correlated with MMP-2 expression, as well as tumor angiogenesis, venous invasion, and metastasis. miR-29b deregulation contributes to angiogenesis, invasion, and metastasis of HCC. Restoration of miR-29b represents a promising new strategy in anti-HCC therapy."	0
"Title: Association of serum microRNA expression in hepatocellular carcinomas treated with transarterial chemoembolization and patient survival. Abstract: Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is one of the most deadly tumors. Transarterial chemoembolization (TACE) is effective for unresectable HCC. In recent years, miRNAs have been proposed as novel diagnostic and prognostic tools for HCC. This study aimed to identify whether microRNAs (miRNAs) can serve as biomarkers to reliably predict outcome before HCC patients are treated with TACE. Methods: Eleven miRNAs (miR-, miR-19a, miR-101-3p, miR-199a-5p, miR-200a, miR-21, miR-214, miR-221, miR-222, miR-223 and miR-, -5p) were quantified by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) in 136 HCC patients' serum before they received TACE therapy. Univariate and multivariate analysis were used to identify the prognostic value of clinical parameters and miRNAs. Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was used to evaluate the prediction potency. Results: The levels of some miRNAs were dramatically associated with clinicopathologic features regarding Child-Puge class, AFP, tumor size and satellite nodules. Univariate analysis revealed that miR-200a, miR-21, miR-122 and miR-224-5p were significantly associated with patients' survival. Multivariate analysis demonstrated that AFP, satellite nodules and miR-200a were the independent prognostic factors associated with survival in this cohort (p = 0.000, 0.001, 0.000, respectively). The probability of the prognostic accuracy of miR-200a was 81.64% (74.47% specificity and 88.76% sensitivity), which was higher than the classifier established by combination of AFP and satellite nodules (76.87% probability, 70.21% specificity and 69.66% sensitivity). Furthermore, the combination of AFP, satellite nodules and miR-200a demonstrated as a classifier for HCC prognosis, yielding a ROC curve area of 88.19% (93.62% specificity and 68.54% sensitivity). Conclusions: Our study indicated that serum miR-200a may prognosticate disease outcome in HCC patients with TACE therapy. Therefore, miR-200a can potentially guide individualized treatment for HCC patients with a high risk of TACE treatment failures."	0
"Title: A PAK4-LIMK1 pathway drives prostate cancer cell migration downstream of HGF. Abstract: Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF) is associated with tumour progression and increases the invasiveness of prostate carcinoma cells. Cell migration and invasion requires reorganisation of the actin cytoskeleton; processes mediated by the Rho family GTPases. p21 activated kinase 4 (PAK4), an effector of the Rho family protein Cdc42, is activated downstream of HGF. We report here the novel finding that in prostate cancer cells PAK4 binds to and phosphorylates LIM kinase 1 (LIMK1) in an HGF-dependent manner. We show for the first time that variations in the level of PAK4 expression change the level of cofilin phosphorylation in cells, a change we correlate with LIMK1 activity, cell morphology and migratory behaviour. We identify for the first time a direct and localised interaction between PAK4 and LIMK1 within cells using FRET: FLIM. Moreover we show here that HGF mediates this interaction which is concentrated in small foci at the cell periphery. PAK4 and LIMK1 act synergistically to increase cell migration speed, whilst a reduction in PAK4 expression decreases cell speed. It is well established that unphosphorylated (active) cofilin is a required to drive cell migration. Our results support a model whereby HGF-stimulated cell migration also requires a cofilin phosphorylation step that is mediated by PAK4."	0
"Title: The hepatocyte growth factor receptor kinase-mediated phosphorylation of lipocortin-1 transduces the proliferating signal of the hepatocyte growth factor. Abstract: Hepatocyte growth factor (HGF), which is identical to scatter factor (SF) through coupling to its receptor the product of c-met oncogene, was found to induce proliferation of A549 lung carcinoma cell line, accompanied by release of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). This activity was sensitive to 0.1-100 microM indomethacin and to 5-50 nM of verapamil. Lipocortin-1, a dexamethasone-inducible inhibitor of phospholipase A2, was shown to be phosphorylated on tyrosine 10 min upon addition of HGF and to translocate to the membrane fraction for up to 6 h upon ligand stimulation. Lipocortin-1 was found to associate in vivo with the HGF receptor species, and this association was independent of the phosphorylation state of the beta-subunit of the HGF receptor (p145betaMET. Immobilized HGF receptor kinase species associated and phosphorylated in vitro lipocortin-1, thus providing evidence that lipocortin-1 is directly phosphorylated by the p145betaMET. Incubation of A549 cells with antisense 21-mer lipocortin-1 oligonucleotides reduced the synthesis and the HGF-stimulated phosphorylation of lipocortin-1 as well as the HGF-stimulated cell proliferation. In processes where the HGF receptor tyrosine kinase is activated, phosphorylation of lipocortin-1 may function as a ""signal amplifier"" promoting the release of intercellular messengers (PGE2) with pluripotent roles in cell proliferation, chemotaxis, and vascular remodeling."	0
"Title: eIF6 anti-association activity is required for ribosome biogenesis, translational control and tumor progression. Abstract: Here we discuss the function of eukaryotic initiation factor 6 (eIF6; Tif6 in yeast). eIF6 binds 60S ribosomal subunits and blocks their joining to 40S. In this context, we propose that eIF6 impedes unproductive 80S formation, namely, the formation of 80S subunits without mRNA. Genetic evidence shows that eIF6 has a dual function: in yeast and mammals, nucleolar eIF6 is necessary for the biogenesis of 60S subunits. In mammals, cytoplasmic eIF6 is required for insulin and growth factor-stimulated translation. In contrast to other translation factors, eIF6 activity is not under mTOR control. The physiological significance of eIF6 impacts on cancer and on inherited Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome. eIF6 is overexpressed in specific human tumors. In a murine model of lymphomagenesis, eIF6 depletion leads to a striking increase of survival, without adverse effects. Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome is caused by loss of function of SBDS protein. In yeast, point mutations of Tif6, the yeast homolog of eIF6, rescue the quasi-lethal effect due to the loss of the SBDS homolog, Sdo1. We propose that eIF6 is a node regulator of ribosomal function and predict that prioritizing its pharmacological targeting will be of benefit in cancer and Shwachman-Bodian-Diamond syndrome. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Translation and Cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-93 enhances angiogenesis and metastasis by targeting LATS2. Abstract: Here we report that miR-93, a miRNA in the miR-106B~25 cluster, a paralog of the miR-17-92 cluster, was significantly upregulated in human breast carcinoma tissues. We stably expressed miR-93 in the MT-1 human breast carcinoma cell line and found that tumors formed by the miR-93 cells contained more blood vessels than those formed by the control cells. Co-culture experiments indicated that the MT-1 cells displayed a high activity of adhesion with endothelial cells and could form larger and more tube-like structures with endothelial cells. Lung metastasis assays were performed in a mouse metastatic model, and it was found that expression of miR-93 promoted tumor cell metastasis to lung tissue. In cell culture, expression of miR-93 enhanced cell survival and invasion. We examined the potential target that mediated miR-93's effects and found that the large tumor suppressor, homology 2 (LATS2) was a target of miR-93. Higher levels of LATS2 were associated with cell death in the tumor mass. Silencing LATS2 expression promoted cell survival, tube formation and invasion, while ectopic expression of LATS2 decreased cell survival and invasion. These findings demonstrated that miR-93 promoted tumor angiogenesis and metastasis by suppressing LATS2 expression. Our results suggest that the inhibition of miR-93 function may be a feasible approach to repress tumor metastasis."	0
"Title: Localized and reversible TGFbeta signalling switches breast cancer cells from cohesive to single cell motility. Abstract: Here we use intravital imaging to demonstrate a reversible transition to a motile state as breast cancer cells spread. Imaging primary tumours revealed heterogeneity in cell morphology and motility. Two distinct modes of motility were observed: collective and single-celled. By monitoring the localization of Smad2 and the activity of a TGFbeta-dependent reporter gene during breast cancer cell dissemination, we demonstrate that TGFbeta signalling is transiently and locally activated in motile single cells. TGFbeta1 switches cells from cohesive to single cell motility through a transcriptional program involving Smad4, EGFR, Nedd9, M-RIP, FARP and RhoC. Blockade of TGFbeta signalling prevented cells moving singly in vivo but did not inhibit cells moving collectively. Cells restricted to collective invasion were capable of lymphatic invasion but not blood-borne metastasis. Constitutive TGFbeta signalling promoted single cell motility and intravasation but reduced subsequent growth in the lungs. Thus, transient TGFbeta signalling is essential for blood-borne metastasis."	0
"Title: miR-187 is an independent prognostic factor in breast cancer and confers increased invasive potential in vitro. Abstract: Here, we describe an integrated bioinformatics, functional analysis, and translational pathology approach to identify novel miRNAs involved in breast cancer progression. Experimental design: Coinertia analysis (CIA) was used to combine a database of predicted miRNA target sites and gene expression data. Using two independent breast cancer cohorts, CIA was combined with correspondence analysis and between group analysis to produce a ranked list of miRNAs associated with disease progression. Ectopic expression studies were carried out in MCF7 cells and miRNA expression evaluated in two additional cohorts of patients with breast cancer by in situ hybridization on tissue microarrays. Results: CIA identified miR-187 as a key miRNA associated with poor outcome in breast cancer. Ectopic expression of miR-187 in breast cancer cells resulted in a more aggressive phenotype. In a test cohort (n = 117), high expression of miR-187 was associated with a trend toward reduced breast cancer-specific survival (BCSS; P = 0.058), and a significant association with reduced BCSS in lymph node-positive patients (P = 0.036). In a validation cohort (n = 470), high miR-187 was significantly associated with reduced BCSS in the entire cohort (P = 0.021) and in lymph node-positive patients (P = 0.012). Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed that miR-187 is an independent prognostic factor in both cohorts [cohort 1: HR, 7.37; 95% confidence interval (CI), 2.05-26.51; P = 0.002; cohort 2: HR, 2.80; 95% CI, 1.52-5.16; P = 0.001] and in lymph node-positive patients in both cohorts (cohort 1: HR, 13.74; 95% CI, 2.62-72.03; P = 0.002; cohort 2: HR, 2.77; 95% CI, 1.32-5.81; P = 0.007). Conclusions: miR-187 expression in breast cancer leads to a more aggressive, invasive phenotype and acts as an independent predictor of outcome."	0
"Title: tRNA-derived fragment tRF-03357 promotes cell proliferation, migration and invasion in high-grade serous ovarian cancer. Abstract: High-grade serous ovarian cancer (HGSOC) is one of the most common ovarian epithelial malignancies. tRNA-derived fragments (tRFs) have been identified as novel potential biomarkers and targets for cancer therapy. Nevertheless, the influence of tRFs on HGSOC remains unknown. This study aimed to identify HGSOC-associated tRFs and to investigate the function and mechanism of key tRFs in SK-OV-3 ovarian cancer cells. Methods: The tRF profiles in HGSOC patients and controls were investigated using small RNA sequencing. Differentially expressed tRFs were verified by real-time PCR, and a key tRF was evaluated in a function study. Results: A total of 27 tRFs were differentially expressed between HGSOC patients and controls. Differentially expressed tRFs were mainly involved in the functions of protein phosphorylation, transcription and cell migration and the pathway of cancer, and the MAPK and Wnt signaling pathways. Real-time PCR verified that tRF-03357 and tRF-03358 were significantly increased in the HGSOC serum samples and SK-OV-3 cells compared to their expression levels in the controls. Importantly, tRF-03357 promoted SK-OV-3 cell proliferation, migration and invasion. Moreover, tRF-03357 was predictively targeted, and significantly downregulated HMBOX1. Conclusion: This study suggests that tRF-03357 might promote cell proliferation, migration and invasion, partly by modulating HMBOX1 in HGSOC."	0
"Title: Anti-miR182 reduces ovarian cancer burden, invasion, and metastasis: an in vivo study in orthotopic xenografts of nude mice. Abstract: High-grade serous ovarian carcinoma (HGSOC) is a fatal disease, and its grave outcome is largely because of widespread metastasis at the time of diagnosis. Current chemotherapies reduce tumor burden, but they do not provide long-term benefits for patients with cancer. The aggressive tumor growth and metastatic behavior characteristic of these tumors demand novel treatment options such as anti-microRNA treatment, which is emerging as a potential modality for cancer therapy. MicroRNA-182 (miR182) overexpression contributes to aggressive ovarian cancer, largely by its negative regulation of multiple tumor suppressor genes involved in tumor growth, invasion, metastasis, and DNA instability. In this study, we examined the therapeutic potential of anti-miR182 utilizing the animal orthotopic model to mimic human ovarian cancer using ovarian cancer cells SKOV3 (intrabursal xenografts) and OVCAR3 (intraperitoneal injection). These models provide a valuable model system for the investigation of ovarian cancer therapy in vivo. Through a combination of imaging, histological, and molecular analyses, we found that anti-miR182 treatment can significantly reduce tumor burden (size), local invasion, and distant metastasis compared with its control in both models. The bases of anti-miR182 treatment are mainly through the restoration of miR182 target expression, including but not limited to BRCA1, FOXO3a, HMGA2, and MTSS1. Overall, our results strongly suggest that anti-miR182 can potentially be used as a therapeutic modality in treating HGSOC."	0
"Title: High grade serous ovarian carcinomas originate in the fallopian tube. Abstract: High-grade serous ovarian carcinoma (HGSOC) is the most frequent type of ovarian cancer and has a poor outcome. It has been proposed that fallopian tube cancers may be precursors of HGSOC but evolutionary evidence for this hypothesis has been limited. Here, we perform whole-exome sequence and copy number analyses of laser capture microdissected fallopian tube lesions (p53 signatures, serous tubal intraepithelial carcinomas (STICs), and fallopian tube carcinomas), ovarian cancers, and metastases from nine patients. The majority of tumor-specific alterations in ovarian cancers were present in STICs, including those affecting TP53, BRCA1, BRCA2 or PTEN. Evolutionary analyses reveal that p53 signatures and STICs are precursors of ovarian carcinoma and identify a window of 7 years between development of a STIC and initiation of ovarian carcinoma, with metastases following rapidly thereafter. Our results provide insights into the etiology of ovarian cancer and have implications for prevention, early detection and therapeutic intervention of this disease."	0
"Title: miR-145 inhibits tumor growth and metastasis by targeting metadherin in high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: High-grade serous ovarian carcinoma (HGSOC), the most common and aggressive subtype of epithelial ovarian cancer, is characterized by TP53 mutations and genetic instability. Using miRNA profiling analysis, we found that miR-145, a p53 regulated miRNA, was frequently down-regulated in HGSOC. miR-145 down-regulation was further validated in a large cohort of HGSOCs by qPCR. Overexpression of miR-145 in ovarian cancer cells significantly suppressed proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and inhibited tumor growth and metastasis in vivo. Metadherin (MTDH) was subsequently identified as a direct target of miR-145, and was found to be significantly up-regulated in HGSOC. Furthermore, overexpression of MTDH rescued the inhibitory effects of miR-145 in ovarian cancer cells. Finally, we found that high level of MTDH expression correlated with poor prognosis of HGSOC. Therefore, lack of suppression of MTDH by miR-145 when p53 is dysfunctional leads to increased tumor growth and metastasis of HGSOC. Our study established a new link between p53, miR-145 and MTDH in the regulation of tumor growth and metastasis in HGSOC."	0
"Title: Annexin 1 released by necrotic human glioblastoma cells stimulates tumor cell growth through the formyl peptide receptor 1. Abstract: Highly malignant human gliomas overexpress the G-protein-coupled chemoattractant receptor formyl peptide receptor (FPR1), which promotes tumor progression when activated. Our previous studies demonstrated that necrotic glioblastoma cells release chemotactic agonist(s) that activate FPR1 on viable tumor cells. In the present study, we identified an FPR1 agonist released by necrotic human glioblastoma cells. Necrotic tumor cell supernatant (NecSup) contained Annexin 1 (Anx A1), a chemotatic polypeptide agonist for FPR1. Immunoabsorption of Anx A1 with a specific antibody markedly reduced the chemotactic activity of NecSup for tumor cells and diminished its capacity to promote tumor cell growth, invasion, and colony formation on soft agar. In addition, Anx A1 was present in tumor xenografts formed by human glioblastoma cells in nude mice. Anx A1 knockdown significantly reduced the tumorigenicity of glioblastoma cells in nude mice, but FPR1/Anx A1 double knockdown diminished tumor growth even further. The clinical relevance of Anx A1 in gliomas was supported by the observation that Anx A1 was more highly expressed in poorly differentiated human primary gliomas compared with lower grade tumors. Our study implicates Anx A1 as a major component in necrotic tumor cell-derived stimulants of the growth of glioblastoma via the activation of FPR1."	0
"Title: Fluorescence-based codetection with protein markers reveals distinct cellular compartments for altered MicroRNA expression in solid tumors. Abstract: High-throughput profiling experiments have linked altered expression of microRNAs (miRNA) to different types of cancer. Tumor tissues are a heterogeneous mixture of not only cancer cells, but also supportive and reactive tumor microenvironment elements. To clarify the clinical significance of altered miRNA expression in solid tumors, we developed a sensitive fluorescence-based in situ hybridization (ISH) method to visualize miRNA accumulation within individual cells in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue specimens. This ISH method was implemented to be compatible with routine clinical immunohistochemical (IHC) assays to enable the detection of miRNAs and protein markers in the same tissue section for colocalization and functional studies. Experimental design: We used this combined ISH/IHC assay to study a subset of cancer-associated miRNAs, including miRNAs frequently detected at low (miR-34a and miR-126) and high (miR-21 and miR-155) levels, in a panel of breast, colorectal, lung, pancreas, and prostate carcinomas. Results: Despite the distinct histopathologic alterations of each particular cancer type, general trends emerged that pinpointed distinct source cells of altered miRNA expression. Although altered expressions of miR-21 and miR-34a were manifested within cancer cells, those of miR-126 and miR-155 were predominantly confined to endothelial cells and immune cells, respectively. These results suggest a heterogeneous participation of miRNAs in carcinogenesis by intrinsically affecting cancer cell biology or by modulating stromal, vascular, and immune responses. Conclusions: We described a rapid and sensitive multicolor ISH/IHC assay and showed that it could be broadly applied as an investigational tool to better understand the etiologic relevance of altered miRNA expression in cancer."	0
Title: Evidence for the importance of post-transcriptional regulatory changes in ovarian cancer progression and the contribution of miRNAs. Abstract: High-throughput technologies have identified significant changes in patterns of mRNA expression over cancer development but the functional significance of these changes often rests upon the assumption that observed changes in levels of mRNA accurately reflect changes in levels of their encoded proteins. We systematically compared the expression of 4436 genes on the RNA and protein levels between discrete tumor samples collected from the ovary and from the omentum of the same OC patient. The overall correlation between global changes in levels of mRNA and their encoding proteins is low (r = 0.38). The majority of differences are on the protein level with no corresponding change on the mRNA level. Indirect and direct evidence indicates that a significant fraction of the differences may be mediated by microRNAs.	0
"Title: Hiwi facilitates chemoresistance as a cancer stem cell marker in cervical cancer. Abstract: Hiwi, also named PiwiL1, is a human homologue of the Piwi family which is associated with stem cells and is overexpressed in several types of cancers. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of Hiwi in cervical carcinogenesis. Immunochemical analysis showed a significantly higher frequency of Hiwi staining in high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesions (HSILs) and cervical cancer tissues when comparing with the frequency in normal cervices. Particularly, Hiwi staining was restricted to basal cells of the normal cervix and was associated with the progression of cervical cancer and chemotherapy resistance. We further found that ectopic Hiwi increased the chemical resistance in SiHa cells, and silencing of Hiwi in HeLa cells decreased the cell viability. In addition, as a cancer stem cell marker, Hiwi promoted the tumorsphere formation in vitro and tumorigenicity in vivo and elevated the expression of several stem cell self-renewal-associated transcription factors, in spite of inhibited the proliferation. These results suggest that Hiwi may participate in the carcinogenesis of cervical cancer and may be a potential therapeutic target molecule for cervical cancers."	0
"Title: The tumor suppressor microRNA let-7 represses the HMGA2 oncogene. Abstract: HMGA2, a high-mobility group protein, is oncogenic in a variety of tumors, including benign mesenchymal tumors and lung cancers. Knockdown of Dicer in HeLa cells revealed that the HMGA2 gene is transcriptionally active, but its mRNA is destabilized in the cytoplasm through the microRNA (miRNA) pathway. HMGA2 was derepressed upon inhibition of let-7 in cells with high levels of the miRNA. Ectopic expression of let-7 reduced HMGA2 and cell proliferation in a lung cancer cell. The effect of let-7 on HMGA2 was dependent on multiple target sites in the 3' untranslated region (UTR), and the growth-suppressive effect of let-7 on lung cancer cells was rescued by overexpression of the HMGA2 ORF without a 3'UTR. Our results provide a novel example of suppression of an oncogene by a tumor-suppressive miRNA and suggest that some tumors activate the oncogene through chromosomal translocations that eliminate the oncogene's 3'UTR with the let-7 target sites."	0
"Title: Downregulation of hsa_circ_0007534 restricts the proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer through regulating miR-498/BMI-1 signaling. Abstract: Hsa_circ_0007534 has been reported to be a novel cancer-related circRNA affecting multiple cancers. However, little is known about the role of hsa_circ_0007534 in cervical cancer specifically. In the current study, we aimed to explore the expression and function of hsa_circ_0007534 in cervical cancer. Main methods: The expression of circRNA, miRNA and mRNA was measured using real-time quantitative polymerase chain reactions. Protein expression was assessed by Western blot. Knockdown of has_circ_0007534 was achieved by siRNA-mediated gene silencing. Cell proliferation was determined using a cell counting kit-8 and colony formation assays. Cell invasion was assessed using a Transwell invasion assay. RNA interactions were measured using an RNA pull-down and dual-luciferase reporter assays. Key findings: The expression of hsa_circ_0007534 was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Depletion of hsa_circ_0007534 decreased both the proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells. MicroRNA-498 (miR-498) was identified as a target of the miRNA encoded by hsa_circ_0007534. Levels of miR-498 were decreased in cervical cancer tissues, a finding that was inversely correlated with hsa_circ_0007534 expression. miR-498 overexpression repressed the proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells. B-cell-specific Moloney murine leukemia virus integration site 1 (BMI-1) was verified as a target gene of miR-498. BMI-1 overexpression reversed the effects of hsa_circ_0007534 depletion or miR-498 overexpression on cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion. Significance: Our study demonstrates that downregulation of hsa_circ_0007534 represses the proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer through regulating the miR-498/BMI-1 axis, suggesting the hsa_circ_0007534/miR-498/BMI-1 axis as a potential therapeutic target to treat cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Upregulation of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 correlates with poor survival and lymphatic metastasis in lung cancer patients. Abstract: Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 were investigated as prognostic factors because of their apparent association with tumorigenesis. However, the effect of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 in lung cancer remains poorly understood. The expressions of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 in lung cancer and normal lung specimens were examined, and the relationships with respect to the clinico-pathological features and patient survival in lung cancer were analyzed. Methods: The expression levels of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 were examined using immunohistochemistry, in-situ hybridization, and Western blot. Results: Lung cancer tissues exhibited higher expression levels of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 than the normal tissues (p < 0.05), and the expression levels of the markers were significantly associated with the pathological grade and lymphatic invasion of lung cancer (p < 0.05). Moreover, the upregulation of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 correlated with decreased survival (p < 0.05). Conclusion: The upregulation of Hsp90-beta and annexin A1 were associated with poor post-surgical survival time and lymphatic metastasis of lung cancer patients. Moreover, the high expression of the markers was an independent predictor of poor outcomes."	0
"Title: HPV16 E7-induced upregulation of KDM2A promotes cervical cancer progression by regulating miR-132-radixin pathway. Abstract: Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection and viral proteins expression cause a number of epigenetic alterations leading to cervical carcinogenesis. The recent discovery of a large amount of histone methylation modifiers reveals important roles of these enzymes in regulating tumor progression. Methods: The changes in expression of 48 histone methylation modifiers were assessed following knockdown of HPV16 E7 in CaSki cells. Lysine-specific demethylase 2A (KDM2A)-regulated microRNAs (miRNAs) in cervical cancer pathogenesis were disclosed using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. The function of KDM2A-miRNAs on cervical cancer was investigated in vitro and in vivo. Results: Upregulation of KDM2A induced by HPV16 E7 promotes cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion and is correlated with poor prognosis in patients with cervical cancer. KDM2A physically interacts with the promoter of miR-132 and suppresses its expression by removing the mono or dimethyl group from H3K36 at the miR-132 locus. Functionally, miR-132 represses cancer cell proliferation and invasion by inhibiting radixin (RDX). Upregulated KDM2A promotes cervical cancer progression by repressing miR-132, which results in a derepression of RDX. Therefore, KDM2A functions as a tumor activator in cervical cancer pathogenesis by binding miR-132 promoter and abrogating its tumor suppressive function. Conclusion: Our results suggest a function for KDM2A in cervical cancer progression and suggest its candidacy as a new prognostic biomarker and target for clinical management of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Serotypes of Chlamydia trachomatis and risk for development of cervical squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection has been established as a cause of cervical cancer. Epidemiologic studies suggest that Chlamydia trachomatis infection also confers increased risk for cervical squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Whether this risk is serotype-specific is unknown. Objective: To study the association between exposure to different C trachomatis serotypes and subsequent development of cervical SCC. Design and setting: Longitudinal, nested case-control study within a cohort of 530 000 women who provided samples to serum banks in Finland, Norway, and Sweden. The data files were linked to respective national cancer registries. Subjects: One hundred twenty-eight women who had developed invasive cervical SCC at least 12 months following serum donation. Each case had 3 matched controls. Main outcome measure: Risk for the development of cervical SCC by IgG antibodies to 10 different C trachomatis serotypes, adjusted for antibodies to HPV types 16, 18, and 33 and for serum cotinine levels. Results: Of specific C trachomatis serotypes, serotype G was most strongly associated with SCC (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 6.6; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1. 6-27.0). Other serotypes associated with SCC were I (OR, 3.8; 95% CI, 1.3-11.0) and D (OR, 2.7; 95% CI, 1.3-5.6). Presence of serum IgG antibodies to more than 1 serotype increased the adjusted ORs for SCC (P<.001 for trend). Conclusions: Chlamydia trachomatis serotype G is most strongly associated with subsequent development of cervical SCC. Increasing numbers of exposures to different C trachomatis serotypes also increases risk. Our results strengthen the evidence that there is a link between past C trachomatis infection and cervical SCC."	0
"Title: Human papillomavirus 16 E5 modulates the expression of host microRNAs. Abstract: Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection is a prerequisite of developing cervical cancer, approximately half of which are associated with HPV type 16. HPV 16 encodes three oncogenes, E5, E6, and E7, of which E5 is the least studied so far. Its roles in regulating replication and pathogenesis of HPV are not fully understood. Here we utilize high-throughput screening to coordinately investigate the effect of E5 on the expression of host protein-coding and microRNA genes. MicroRNAs form a class of 22nt long noncoding RNAs with regulatory activity. Among the altered cellular microRNAs we focus on the alteration in the expression of miR-146a, miR-203 and miR-324-5p and their target genes in a time interval of 96 hours of E5 induction. Our results indicate that HPV infection and subsequent transformation take place through complex regulatory patterns of gene expression in the host cells, part of which are regulated by the E5 protein."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-18a targeting of the STK4/MST1 tumour suppressor is necessary for transformation in HPV positive cervical cancer. Abstract: Human papillomaviruses (HPV) are a major cause of malignancy worldwide. They are the aetiological agents of almost all cervical cancers as well as a sub-set of other anogenital and head and neck cancers. Hijacking of host cellular pathways is essential for virus pathogenesis; however, a major challenge remains to identify key host targets and to define their contribution to HPV-driven malignancy. The Hippo pathway regulates epithelial homeostasis by down-regulating the function of the transcription factor YAP. Increased YAP expression has been observed in cervical cancer but the mechanisms driving this increase remain unclear. We found significant down-regulation of the master Hippo regulatory kinase STK4 (also termed MST1) in cervical disease samples and cervical cancer cell lines compared with healthy controls. Re-introduction of STK4 inhibited the proliferation of HPV positive cervical cells and this corresponded with decreased YAP nuclear localization and decreased YAP-dependent gene expression. The HPV E6 and E7 oncoproteins maintained low STK4 expression in cervical cancer cells by upregulating the oncomiR miR-18a, which directly targeted the STK4 mRNA 3'UTR. Interestingly, miR-18a knockdown increased STK4 expression and activated the Hippo pathway, significantly reducing cervical cancer cell proliferation. Our results identify STK4 as a key cervical cancer tumour suppressor, which is targeted via miR-18a in HPV positive tumours. Our study indicates that activation of the Hippo pathway may offer a therapeutically beneficial option for cervical cancer treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-130a regulated by HPV18 E6 promotes proliferation and invasion of cervical cancer cells by targeting TIMP2. Abstract: Human papillomaviruses (HPVs) have important roles in the development and progression of cervical cancer, but the underlying mechanisms are yet to be fully elucidated. MicroRNA-130a (miR-130a) has previously been reported to promote cervical cancer growth. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms by which miR-130a promotes cervical cancer progression have remained largely elusive. In the present study, polymerase chain reaction and western blot analyses were performed to examine the expression levels of miR-130a and associated proteins. A wound healing assay and a Transwell assay were applied to study cell migration and invasion. A luciferase reporter gene assay was performed to confirm the targeting associations of miR-130a. It was observed that miR-130a was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer tissues compared with that in adjacent non-tumorous tissues. High expression of miR-130a was significantly associated with lymph node metastasis and an advanced clinical stage of cervical cancer. Furthermore, the expression of miR-130a was also higher in HPV(+) cervical cancer cell lines compared with that in HPV(-) cells. Knockdown of HPV18 E6 significantly inhibited the expression of miR-130a in HeLa cervical cancer cells. Furthermore, knockdown of miR-130a reduced the migration and invasion of HeLa cells. Tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 2 (TIMP2), an antagonist of matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2), was identified as a novel, direct target gene of miR-130a. The expression of TIMP2 was negatively mediated by miR-130a, and HPV18 E6 inhibited the expression of TIMP2 in HeLa cells. Furthermore, knockdown of TIMP2 rescued the suppressive effects of miR-130a downregulation on the migration and invasion of HeLa cells. In summary, the present study suggests that HPV18 E6 promotes the expression of miR-130a, which further inhibits the expression of TIMP2 and promotes cervical cancer cell invasion. Therefore, HPV/miR-130a/TIMP2 signaling may be a potential target for the prevention of cervical cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: Human papillomaviruses modulate microRNA 145 expression to directly control genome amplification. Abstract: Human papillomaviruses (HPVs) modulate expression of host microRNAs. Our deep-sequencing analysis of organotypic raft cultures identified microRNA 145 (miR-145) as a differentiation-dependent microRNA that has functionally active target sequences in the HPV-31 E1 and E2 open reading frames. Overexpression of miR-145 in HPV-positive cells resulted in reduced genome amplification and late gene expression, along with decreased levels of cellular transcription factor KLF-4. Our studies show that HPV modulates miR-145 expression to control its own life cycle."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-532 and microRNA-3064 inhibit cell proliferation and invasion by acting as direct regulators of human telomerase reverse transcriptase in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Human telomerase reverse transcriptase (hTERT) plays a crucial role in ovarian cancer (OC) progression. However, the mechanisms underlying hTERT upregulation in OC, and the specific microRNAs (miRNAs) involved in the regulation of hTERT in OC cells, remains unclear. We performed a bioinformatics search to identify potential miRNAs that bind to the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) region of the hTERT mRNA. We examined the expression levels of miR-532/miR-3064 in OC tissues and normal ovarian tissues, and analyzed the correlation between miRNA expression and OC patient outcomes. The impacts of miR-532/miR-3064 on hTERT expression were evaluated by western blot analysis and hTERT 3'-UTR reporter assays. We investigated the effects of miR-532/miR-3064 on proliferation and invasion in OC cells. We found that miR-532 and miR-3064 are down-regulated in OC specimens. We observed a significant association between reduced miR-532/miR-3064 expression and poorer survival of patients with OC. We confirmed that in OC cells, these two miRNAs downregulate hTERT levels by directly targeting its 3'-UTR region, and inhibited proliferation, EMT and invasion of OC cells. In addition, the overexpression of the hTERT cDNA lacking the 3'-UTR partially restored miR-532/miR-3064-inhibited OC cell proliferation and invasion. The silencing of hTERT by siRNA oligonucleotides abolished these malignant features, and phenocopied the effects of miR-532/miR-3064 overexpression. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-532/miR-3064 inhibits the growth of OC cells in vivo. Our findings demonstrate a miR-532/miR-3064-mediated mechanism responsible for hTERT upregulation in OC cells, and reveal a possibility of targeting miR-532/miR-3064 for future treatment of OC."	0
"Title: The nuclear RNase III Drosha initiates microRNA processing. Abstract: Hundreds of small RNAs of approximately 22 nucleotides, collectively named microRNAs (miRNAs), have been discovered recently in animals and plants. Although their functions are being unravelled, their mechanism of biogenesis remains poorly understood. miRNAs are transcribed as long primary transcripts (pri-miRNAs) whose maturation occurs through sequential processing events: the nuclear processing of the pri-miRNAs into stem-loop precursors of approximately 70 nucleotides (pre-miRNAs), and the cytoplasmic processing of pre-miRNAs into mature miRNAs. Dicer, a member of the RNase III superfamily of bidentate nucleases, mediates the latter step, whereas the processing enzyme for the former step is unknown. Here we identify another RNase III, human Drosha, as the core nuclease that executes the initiation step of miRNA processing in the nucleus. Immunopurified Drosha cleaved pri-miRNA to release pre-miRNA in vitro. Furthermore, RNA interference of Drosha resulted in the strong accumulation of pri-miRNA and the reduction of pre-miRNA and mature miRNA in vivo. Thus, the two RNase III proteins, Drosha and Dicer, may collaborate in the stepwise processing of miRNAs, and have key roles in miRNA-mediated gene regulation in processes such as development and differentiation."	0
"Title: AEG-1 is associated with hypoxia-induced hepatocellular carcinoma chemoresistance via regulating PI3K/AKT/HIF-1alpha/MDR-1 pathway. Abstract: Hypoxia is a common characteristic of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) associated with reduced response to chemotherapy, thus increasing the probability of tumor recurrence. Astrocyte elevated gene-1 (AEG-1) has been involved in a wide array of cancer progression including proliferation, chemoresistance, angiogenesis and metastasis, but its effect on HCC chemoresistance induced by hypoxia is unclear. In this study, expression of AEG-1 and multiple drug resistance (MDR-1) were examined in HCC using immunohistochemical staining and RT-PCR. Furthermore, their expression levels were detected in HCC HepG2 cells in normoxia or hypoxia via RT-PCR and Western blot assays. Specific shRNAs were used to silence AEG-1 expression in HepG2 cells. Results showed AEG-1 and MDR-1 expression were higher in HCC tissues than in adjacent normal tissues. Incubation of HepG2 cells in hypoxia increased expression of AEG-1 and MDR-1, compared to incubation in normoxia. Exposure to hypoxia blunted sensitivity of HepG2 cells to Adriamycin, 5-fluorouracil and cis-platinum, as evidenced by modest alterations in cell viability and apoptosis rate, however the sensitivity was elevated with AEG-1 knockdown. PI3K/AKT/HIF-1/MDR-1 pathway was attenuated following AEG-1 knockdown in hypoxia. Based on these data, it was suggested that AEG-1 is associated with hypoxia-induced hepatocellular carcinoma chemoresistance via regulating PI3K/AKT/HIF-1/MDR-1 pathway. This study uncovered a novel potential target for development of an effective therapy against hypoxia-induced HCC chemoresistance."	0
"Title: miRNA expression profiling of inflammatory breast cancer identifies a 5-miRNA signature predictive of breast tumor aggressiveness. Abstract: IBC (inflammatory breast cancer) is a rare but very aggressive form of breast cancer with a particular phenotype. The molecular mechanisms responsible for IBC remain largely unknown. In particular, genetic and epigenetic alterations specific to IBC remain to be identified. MicroRNAs, a class of small noncoding RNAs able to regulate gene expression, are deregulated in breast cancer and may therefore serve as tools for diagnosis and prediction. This study was designed to determine miRNA expression profiling (microRNAome) in IBC. Quantitative RT-PCR was used to determine expression levels of 804 miRNAs in a screening series of 12 IBC compared to 31 non-stage-matched non-IBC and 8 normal breast samples. The differentially expressed miRNAs were then validated in a series of 65 IBC and 95 non-IBC. From a set of 18 miRNAs of interest selected from the screening series, 13 were differentially expressed with statistical significance in the validation series of IBC compared to non-IBC. Among these, a 5-miRNA signature comprising miR-421, miR-486, miR-503, miR-720 and miR-1303 was shown to be predictive for IBC phenotype with an overall accuracy of 89%. Moreover, multivariate analysis showed that this signature was an independent predictor of poor Metastasis-Free Survival in non-IBC patients."	0
"Title: High miR-196a and low miR-367 cooperatively correlate with unfavorable prognosis of high-grade glioma. Abstract: Identification of microRNAs (miRNAs) could be beneficial for the diagnosis and prognosis of glioma. Therefore, we attempted to identify and develop specific miRNAs as prognostic and predictive markers for glioma patients. We compared the expression profiles of 365 miRNAs between 4 glioblastomas (GBMs, WHO grade IV) and 4 anaplastic astrocytomas (AAs, WHO grade III) using miRNA qPCR Array. MiR-196a (P = 0.004, fold change = 289.86) and miR-367 (P = 0.044, fold change = 0.03) were identified as the most up-regulated and down-regulated miRNAs in GBMs compared with AAs, respectively. We subsequently examined miR-196a and miR-367 expression levels in an independent series of 63 gliomas including 50 GBMs and 13 AAs, as well as 10 non-neoplastic brain tissues, and statistically analyzed the associations between miRNA expression and clinicopathological characteristics and survivals of these glioma patients. MiR-196a and miR-367 showed significant increased and decreased expression in high-grade gliomas relative to non-neoplastic brains, as well as in GBMs versus AAs, respectively. Additionally, high-miR-196a and low-miR-367 expression, alone or in combination, statistically correlated with aggressive clinicopathological features of gliomas. Furthermore, overall survivals of glioma patients with high-miR-196a, low-miR-367 and high-miR-196a/low-miR-367 expression tended to be shorter than the corresponding control groups (all P ? 0.001). Moreover, multivariate analysis indicated high-miR-196a/low-miR-367 as an independent prognostic indicator for glioma patients (P = 0.005, risk ratio = 1.8). Our results suggested that both high-miR-196a and low-miR-367 expression may be associated with aggressive progression and unfavorable clinical outcome in glioma patients. And combination of high-miR-196a and low-miR-367 expression may be a novel biomarker in identifying a poor prognosis group of high-grade glioma."	0
"Title: Predicting response to preoperative chemotherapy agents by identifying drug action on modeled microRNA regulation networks. Abstract: Identifying patients most responsive to specific chemotherapy agents in neoadjuvant settings can help to maximize the benefits of treatment and minimize unnecessary side effects. Metagene approaches that predict response based on gene expression signatures derived from an associative analysis of clinical data can identify chance associations caused by the heterogeneity of a tumor, leading to reproducibility issues in independent validations. In this study, to incorporate information from drug mechanisms of action, we explore the potential of microRNA regulation networks as a new feature space for identifying predictive markers. We introduce a measure we term the CoMi (Context-specific-miRNA-regulation) pattern to represent a descriptive feature of the miRNA regulation network in the transcriptome. We examine whether the modifications to the CoMi pattern on specific biological processes are a useful representation of drug action by predicting the response to neoadjuvant Paclitaxel treatment in breast cancer and show that the drug counteracts the CoMi network dysregulation induced by tumorigenesis. We then generate a quantitative testbed to investigate the ability of the CoMi pattern to distinguish FDA approved breast cancer drugs from other FDA approved drugs not related to breast cancer. We also compare the ability of the CoMi and metagene methods to predict response to neoadjuvant Paclitaxel treatment in clinical cohorts. We find the CoMi method outperforms the metagene method, achieving area under curve (AUC) values of 0.78 and 0.66 respectively. Furthermore, several of the predicted CoMi features highlight the network-based mechanism of drug resistance. Thus, our study suggests that explicitly modeling the drug action using network biology provides a promising approach for predictive marker discovery."	0
"Title: Tumor suppressive function of mir-205 in breast cancer is linked to HMGB3 regulation. Abstract: Identifying targets of dysregulated microRNAs (miRNAs) will enhance our understanding of how altered miRNA expression contributes to the malignant phenotype of breast cancer. The expression of miR-205 was reduced in four breast cancer cell lines compared to the normal-like epithelial cell line MCF10A and in tumor and metastatic tissues compared to adjacent benign breast tissue. Two predicted binding sites for miR-205 were identified in the 3' untranslated region of the high mobility group box 3 gene, HMGB3. Both dual-luciferase reporter assay and Western blotting confirmed that miR-205 binds to and regulates HMGB3. To further explore miR-205 targeting of HMGB3, WST-1 proliferation and in vitro invasion assays were performed in MDA-MB-231 and BT549 cells transiently transfected with precursor miR-205 oligonucleotide or HMGB3 small interfering RNA (siRNA). Both treatments reduced the proliferation and invasion of the cancer cells. The mRNA and protein levels of HMGB3 were higher in the tumor compared to adjacent benign specimens and there was an indirect correlation between the expression of HMGB3 mRNA and patient survival. Treatment of breast cancer cells with 5-Aza/TSA derepressed miR-205 and reduced HMGB3 mRNA while knockdown of the transcriptional repressor NRSF/REST, reduced miR-205 and increased HMGB3. In conclusion, regulation of HMGB3 by miR-205 reduced both proliferation and invasion of breast cancer cells. Our findings suggest that modulating miR-205 and/or targeting HMGB3 are potential therapies for advanced breast cancer."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs as stable blood-based markers for cancer detection. Abstract: Improved approaches for the detection of common epithelial malignancies are urgently needed to reduce the worldwide morbidity and mortality caused by cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small ( approximately 22 nt) regulatory RNAs that are frequently dysregulated in cancer and have shown promise as tissue-based markers for cancer classification and prognostication. We show here that miRNAs are present in human plasma in a remarkably stable form that is protected from endogenous RNase activity. miRNAs originating from human prostate cancer xenografts enter the circulation, are readily measured in plasma, and can robustly distinguish xenografted mice from controls. This concept extends to cancer in humans, where serum levels of miR-141 (a miRNA expressed in prostate cancer) can distinguish patients with prostate cancer from healthy controls. Our results establish the measurement of tumor-derived miRNAs in serum or plasma as an important approach for the blood-based detection of human cancer."	0
"Title: Identification of non-coding RNAs embracing microRNA-143/145 cluster. Abstract: In a variety of cancers, altered patterns of microRNA (miRNA) expression are reported and may affect the cell cycle and cell survival. Recent studies suggest that the expression level of miRNAs that act as tumor suppressors is frequently reduced in cancers because of chromosome deletions, epigenetical changes, aberrant transcription and disturbances in miRNA processing. miR-143 and -145, which are located approximately 1.3 kb from each other at chromosome 5q33, are highly expressed in several tissues, but down-regulated in most cancers. However, the mechanism of this down-regulation has not been investigated in detail. Here, we show that both miRNAs were expressed well under the same control program in human tissues, but were down-regulated equally in the most of the cancer cell lines tested. Then we identified the host gene encoding both miRNAs. The transcripts of this gene were approximately 11, 7.5, and 5.5 kb long; and the expression of these transcripts was coordinated with that of its resident miRNAs and down-regulated in the cancer cell lines tested as well as in colorectal cancer tissue samples. These data demonstrate that the host gene can function as a primary miRNA transcript and suggest that the down-regulation of host gene expression caused the low-expression of its encoded microRNAs-143 and -145 in human cancer cell lines and in cancer tissues."	0
"Title: Exosomes: extracellular organelles important in intercellular communication. Abstract: In addition to intracellular organelles, eukaryotic cells also contain extracellular organelles that are released, or shed, into the microenvironment. These membranous extracellular organelles include exosomes, shedding microvesicles (SMVs) and apoptotic blebs (ABs), many of which exhibit pleiotropic biological functions. Because extracellular organelle terminology is often confounding, with many preparations reported in the literature being mixtures of extracellular vesicles, there is a growing need to clarify nomenclature and to improve purification strategies in order to discriminate the biochemical and functional activities of these moieties. Exosomes are formed by the inward budding of multivesicular bodies (MVBs) and are released from the cell into the microenvironment following the fusion of MVBs with the plasma membrane (PM). In this review we focus on various strategies for purifying exosomes and discuss their biophysical and biochemical properties. An update on proteomic analysis of exosomes from various cell types and body fluids is provided and host-cell specific proteomic signatures are also discussed. Because the ectodomain of ~42% of exosomal integral membrane proteins are also found in the secretome, these vesicles provide a potential source of serum-based membrane protein biomarkers that are reflective of the host cell. ExoCarta, an exosomal protein and RNA database (http://exocarta.ludwig.edu.au), is described."	0
"Title: LincRNA-ROR promotes metastasis and invasion of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma by regulating miR-145/FSCN1. Abstract: In an attempt to discover a new biomarker for early diagnosis and prognosis of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), the regulation mechanism of large intergenic non-coding RNA-regulator of reprogramming (lincRNA-ROR) as a microRNA (miRNA) sponge was studied. Patients and methods: ROR expression in 91 pairs of ESCC tissue samples and matched adjacent tissues was quantified with real-time fluorescent quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The ROR-miRNA-mRNA regulatory network was built with 161 esophageal cancer (EC) tissues and 11 adjacent tumor tissues from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database. A total of 96 cases of ESCC from TCGA database were collected for analysis on survival rates. The regulatory relationship between ROR, miR-145 and FSCN1 was verified in ESCC cells via qRT-PCR, dual luciferase reporter (DLR) assay, RNA immunoprecipitation (RIP) and Western blotting. The transwell method was used to detect cell migration and invasion. Results: ROR expression in ESCC tumor tissues was significantly higher than in the adjacent tissues, p <0.001. The survival rate of ESCC patients with high ROR expression levels was lower than that of patients with low ROR expression levels ( p <0.001). ROR overexpression could downregulate miR-145 by up to 50% was proven by RIP, DLR assay, and qRT-PCR. Two effective binding sites of ROR to miR-145 were verified by DLR assay. One of the sites has never been cited in the literature. The Western blotting results showed that FSCN1 was a downstream target of ROR/miR-145 ( p <0.05). Transwell assays were used to show that overexpression of ROR enhanced migration and invasion behavior of ESCC and miR-145 hindered these effects. Conclusion: ROR acted as a competitive endogenous RNA (ceRNA) of miR-145 in ESCC. A novel, effective miR-145 binding site of ROR was discovered. The ROR/miR-145/FSCN1 pathway was shown to take part in the metastasis of ESCC. ROR is likely an oncogene biomarker for ESCC early diagnosis and prognosis."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs trigger dissociation of eIF4AI and eIF4AII from target mRNAs in humans. Abstract: In animals, key functions of microRNA-induced silencing complex (miRISC) are translational repression and deadenylation followed by mRNA decay. While miRISC represses translation initiation, it is poorly understood how miRISC exerts this function. Here we assessed the effect of miRISC on synergistic recruitment of translation initiation factors to target mRNAs by using direct biochemical assays. We show that miRISC promotes eIF4AI and eIF4AII release from target mRNAs prior to dissociation of eIF4E and eIF4G in a deadenylation-independent manner. Strikingly, miRISC-induced release of eIF4AI and eIF4AII from target mRNAs and miRISC-induced inhibition of cap-dependent translation can both be counteracted by the RNA-binding protein HuD via a direct interaction of HuD with eIF4A. Furthermore, the pharmacological eIF4A inhibitor silvestrol, which locks eIF4A on mRNAs, conferred resistance to miRNA-mediated translational repression. In summary, we propose that both eIF4AI and eIF4AII are functionally important targets in miRISC-mediated translation control."	0
"Title: Target mRNAs are repressed as efficiently by microRNA-binding sites in the 5' UTR as in the 3' UTR. Abstract: In animals, microRNAs (miRNAs) bind to the 3' UTRs of their target mRNAs and interfere with translation, although the exact mechanism of inhibition of protein synthesis remains unclear. Functional miRNA-binding sites in the coding regions or 5' UTRs of endogenous mRNAs have not been identified. We studied the effect of introducing miRNA target sites into the 5' UTR of luciferase reporter mRNAs containing internal ribosome entry sites (IRESs), so that potential steric hindrance by a microribonucleoprotein complex would not interfere with the initiation of translation. In human HeLa cells, which express endogenous let-7a miRNA, the translational efficiency of these IRES-containing reporters with 5' let-7 complementary sites from the Caenorhabditis elegans lin-41 3' UTR was repressed. Similarly, the IRES-containing reporters were translationally repressed when human Ago2 was tethered to either the 5' or 3' UTR. Interestingly, the method of DNA transfection affected our ability to observe miRNA-mediated repression. Our results suggest that association with any position on a target mRNA is mechanistically sufficient for a microribonucleoprotein to exert repression of translation at some step downstream of initiation."	0
"Title: miR-122 activates hepatitis C virus translation by a specialized mechanism requiring particular RNA components. Abstract: In animals, microRNAs (miRNAs) generally repress gene expression by binding to sites in the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of target mRNAs. miRNAs have also been reported to repress or activate gene expression by binding to 5'-UTR sites, but the extent of such regulation and the factors that govern these different responses are unknown. Liver-specific miR-122 binds to sites in the 5'-UTR of hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA and positively regulates the viral life cycle, in part by stimulating HCV translation. Here, we characterize the features that allow miR-122 to activate translation via the HCV 5'-UTR. We find that this regulation is a highly specialized process that requires uncapped RNA, the HCV internal ribosome entry site (IRES) and the 3' region of miR-122. Translation activation does not involve a previously proposed structural transition in the HCV IRES and is mediated by Argonaute proteins. This study provides an important insight into the requirements for the miR-122-HCV interaction, and the broader consequences of miRNAs binding to 5'-UTR sites."	0
"Title: Multivesicular bodies associate with components of miRNA effector complexes and modulate miRNA activity. Abstract: In animals, P-bodies or GW-bodies appear to cause the congregation of proteins involved in microRNA (miRNA)-mediated post-transcriptional silencing. The localization of P-bodies does not overlap with that of known organelles and are thus considered independent of lipid bilayers. Nonetheless, an miRNA effector protein, argonaute 2 (AGO2), was initially identified as membrane-associated, and some miRNAs have been found in secreted vesicles (exosomes) that derive from endo-lysosomal compartments called multivesicular bodies (MVBs). Proteins can be sorted in a ubiquitin-dependent manner into MVBs by three heteromeric subcomplexes, collectively termed ESCRT (endosomal sorting complex required for transport), to be further secreted in exosomes and/or degraded by the lysosome. Here we show that GW-bodies containing GW182 and AGO2, two main components of the RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC), are distinct from P-bodies due to their congregation with endosomes and MVBs. Moreover, miRNAs and miRNA-repressible mRNAs are enriched at these cellular membranes, suggesting that endosomes and/or MVBs are sites of miRNA-loaded RISC (miRISC) accumulation and, possibly, action. We further show that purified exosome-like vesicles secreted by MVBs are considerably enriched in GW182, but not P-body components, AGO2 or miRNA-repressible mRNA. Moreover, cells depleted of some ESCRT components show compromised miRNA-mediated gene silencing and over-accumulate GW182, which associates with ubiquitylated proteins. Therefore, GW182, possibly in association with a fraction of miRNA-loaded AGO2, is sorted into MVBs for secretion and/or lysosomal degradation. We propose that this process promotes continuous assembly or disassembly of membrane-associated miRISCs, which is possibly required for miRNA loading or target recognition and subsequent silencing."	0
"Title: PIWI-interacting RNAs: small RNAs with big functions. Abstract: In animals, PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) of 21-35 nucleotides in length silence transposable elements, regulate gene expression and fight viral infection. piRNAs guide PIWI proteins to cleave target RNA, promote heterochromatin assembly and methylate DNA. The architecture of the piRNA pathway allows it both to provide adaptive, sequence-based immunity to rapidly evolving viruses and transposons and to regulate conserved host genes. piRNAs silence transposons in the germ line of most animals, whereas somatic piRNA functions have been lost, gained and lost again across evolution. Moreover, most piRNA pathway proteins are deeply conserved, but different animals employ remarkably divergent strategies to produce piRNA precursor transcripts. Here, we discuss how a common piRNA pathway allows animals to recognize diverse targets, ranging from selfish genetic elements to genes essential for gametogenesis."	0
"Title: A microRNA in a multiple-turnover RNAi enzyme complex. Abstract: In animals, the double-stranded RNA-specific endonuclease Dicer produces two classes of functionally distinct, tiny RNAs: microRNAs (miRNAs) and small interfering RNAs (siRNAs). miRNAs regulate mRNA translation, whereas siRNAs direct RNA destruction via the RNA interference (RNAi) pathway. Here we show that, in human cell extracts, the miRNA let-7 naturally enters the RNAi pathway, which suggests that only the degree of complementarity between a miRNA and its RNA target determines its function. Human let-7 is a component of a previously identified, miRNA-containing ribonucleoprotein particle, which we show is an RNAi enzyme complex. Each let-7-containing complex directs multiple rounds of RNA cleavage, which explains the remarkable efficiency of the RNAi pathway in human cells."	0
"Title: Identification of novel genes coding for small expressed RNAs. Abstract: In Caenorhabditis elegans, lin-4 and let-7 encode 22- and 21-nucleotide (nt) RNAs, respectively, which function as key regulators of developmental timing. Because the appearance of these short RNAs is regulated during development, they are also referred to as small temporal RNAs (stRNAs). We show that many 21- and 22-nt expressed RNAs, termed microRNAs, exist in invertebrates and vertebrates and that some of these novel RNAs, similar to let-7 stRNA, are highly conserved. This suggests that sequence-specific, posttranscriptional regulatory mechanisms mediated by small RNAs are more general than previously appreciated."	0
"Title: Specific association of Piwi with rasiRNAs derived from retrotransposon and heterochromatic regions in the Drosophila genome. Abstract: In Drosophila, Piwi (P-element-induced wimpy testis), which encodes a protein of the Argonaute family, is essential for germ stem cell self-renewal. Piwi has recently been shown to be a nuclear protein involved in gene silencing of retrotransposons and controlling their mobilization in the male germline. However, little is known about the molecular mechanisms of Piwi-dependent gene silencing. Here we show that endogenous Piwi immunopurified from ovary specifically associates with small RNAs of 25-29 nucleotides in length. Piwi-associated small RNAs were identified by cloning and sequencing as repeat-associated small interfering RNAs (rasiRNAs) derived from repetitive regions, such as retrotransposon and heterochromatic regions, in the Drosophila genome. Northern blot analyses revealed that in vivo Piwi does not associate with microRNAs (miRNAs) and that guide siRNA was not loaded onto Piwi when siRNA duplex was added to ovary lysate. In vitro, recombinant Piwi exhibits target RNA cleavage activity. These data together imply that Piwi functions in nuclear RNA silencing as Slicer by associating specifically with rasiRNAs originating from repetitive targets."	0
"Title: Induction of cell proliferation and survival genes by estradiol-repressed microRNAs in breast cancer cells. Abstract: In estrogen responsive MCF-7 cells, estradiol (E?) binding to ER? leads to transcriptional regulation of genes involved in the control of cell proliferation and survival. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as key post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression. The aim of this study was to explore whether miRNAs were involved in hormonally regulated expression of estrogen responsive genes. Methods: Western blot and QPCR were used to determine the expression of estrogen responsive genes and miRNAs respectively. Target gene expression regulated by miRNAs was validated by luciferase reporter assays and transfection of miRNA mimics or inhibitors. Cell proliferation was evaluated by MTS assay. Results: E? significantly induced bcl-2, cyclin D1 and survivin expression by suppressing the levels of a panel of miRNAs (miR-16, miR-143, miR-203) in MCF-7 cells. MiRNA transfection and luciferase assay confirmed that bcl-2 was regulated by miR-16 and miR-143, cyclinD1 was modulated by miR-16. Importantly, survivin was found to be targeted by miR-16, miR-143, miR-203. The regulatory effect of E? can be either abrogated by anti-estrogen ICI 182, 780 and raloxifene pretreatment, or impaired by ER? siRNA, indicating the regulation is dependent on ER?. In order to investigate the functional significance of these miRNAs in estrogen responsive cells, miRNAs mimics were transfected into MCF-7 cells. It revealed that overexpression of these miRNAs significantly inhibited E?-induced cell proliferation. Further study of the expression of the miRNAs indicated that miR-16, miR-143 and miR-203 were highly expressed in triple positive breast cancer tissues, suggesting a potential tumor suppressing effect of these miRNAs in ER positive breast cancer. Conclusions: These results demonstrate that E? induces bcl-2, cyclin D1 and survivin by orchestrating the coordinate downregulation of a panel of miRNAs. In turn, the miRNAs manifest growth suppressive effects and control cell proliferation in response to E?. This sheds a new insight into the integral post-transcriptional regulation of cell proliferation and survival genes by miRNAs, a potential therapeutic option for breast cancer."	0
"Title: Restoration of tumour suppressor hsa-miR-145 inhibits cancer cell growth in lung adenocarcinoma patients with epidermal growth factor receptor mutation. Abstract: In Hong Kong, about 30% of non-small cell lung cancer patients have never smoked tobacco. Among women, 83% are never-smokers and their histological type is invariably adenocarcinoma with 70% incidence of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutation. The present study focuses on the microRNA (miRNA) expression profiles of this important subset of lung cancer. Methods: Paired samples collected from the lung cancer tissue and adjacent normal lung parenchyma of 10 non-smoking patients with lung adenocarcinoma were profiled by miRNA microarray. Results were validated by quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. Transfected cell viability assays were applied to determine the effects of candidate miRNAs on lung cancer cells. Results: Comparing paired lung cancer tissue with adjacent normal lung parenchyma, hsa-miR-126*, hsa-miR-145, hsa-miR-21, hsa-miR-182, hsa-miR-183 and hsa-miR-210 were found to be the most differentially expressed miRNAs. Most interestingly, an obvious inhibition of cell growth was observed in the EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma after transfection of hsa-pre-miR-145. Conclusions: Our study is the first report to connect miR-182 to lung cancer. Our results also show that restoration of tumour suppressor hsa-miR-145 inhibits cancer cell growth in EGFR mutant lung adenocarcinoma. Further study on these specific differentially expressed miRNAs may provide important information on peculiar tumourigenetic pathways and may identify useful biomarkers."	0
"Title: Long non-coding RNAs: insights into functions. Abstract: In mammals and other eukaryotes most of the genome is transcribed in a developmentally regulated manner to produce large numbers of long non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs). Here we review the rapidly advancing field of long ncRNAs, describing their conservation, their organization in the genome and their roles in gene regulation. We also consider the medical implications, and the emerging recognition that any transcript, regardless of coding potential, can have an intrinsic function as an RNA."	0
"Title: Functional interactions among microRNAs and long noncoding RNAs. Abstract: In mammals, the vast majority of transcripts expressed are noncoding RNAs, ranging from short RNAs (including microRNAs) to long RNAs spanning up to hundreds of kb. While the actions of microRNAs as destabilizers and repressors of the translation of protein-coding transcripts (mRNAs) have been studied in detail, the influence of microRNAs on long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) function is only now coming into view. Conversely, the influence of lncRNAs upon microRNA function is also rapidly emerging. In some cases, lncRNA stability is reduced through the interaction of specific miRNAs. In other cases, lncRNAs can act as microRNA decoys, with the sequestration of microRNAs favoring expression of repressed target mRNAs. Other lncRNAs derepress gene expression by competing with miRNAs for interaction with shared target mRNAs. Finally, some lncRNAs can produce miRNAs, leading to repression of target mRNAs. These microRNA-lncRNA regulatory paradigms modulate gene expression patterns that drive major cellular processes (such as cell differentiation, proliferation, and cell death) which are central to mammalian physiologic and pathologic processes. We review and summarize the types of microRNA-lncRNA crosstalk identified to-date and discuss their influence on gene expression programs."	0
"Title: Non?invasive prostate cancer detection by measuring miRNA variants (isomiRs) in urine extracellular vesicles. Abstract: In many cancer types, the expression and function of ~22 nucleotide-long microRNAs (miRNA) is deregulated. Mature miRNAs can be stably detected in extracellular vesicles (EVs) in biofluids, therefore they are considered to have great potential as biomarkers. In the present study, we investigated whether miRNAs have a distinct expression pattern in urine-EVs of prostate cancer (PCa) patients compared to control males. By next generation sequencing, we determined the miRNA expression in a discovery cohort of 4 control men and 9 PCa patients. miRNAs were validated by using a stemloop RT-PCR in an independent cohort of 74 patients (26 control and 48 PCa-patients). Whereas standard mapping protocols identified > 10 PCa associated miRNAs in urinary EVs, miR-21, miR-375 and miR-204 failed to robustly discriminate for disease in a validation study with RT-PCR-detection of mature miRNA sequences. In contrast, we observed that miRNA isoforms (isomiRs) with 3' end modifications were highly discriminatory between samples from control men and PCa patients. Highly differentially expressed isomiRs of miR-21, miR-204 and miR-375 were subsequently validated in an independent group of 74 patients. Receiver-operating characteristic analysis was performed to evaluate the diagnostic performance of three isomiRs, resulting in a 72.9% sensitivity with a high (88%) specificity and an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.866. In comparison, prostate specific antigen had an AUC of 0.707 and measuring the mature form of these miRNAs yielded a lower 70.8% sensitivity and 72% specificity (AUC 0.766). We propose that isomiRs may carry discriminatory information which is useful to generate stronger biomarkers."	0
"Title: PRG-1 and 21U-RNAs interact to form the piRNA complex required for fertility in C. elegans. Abstract: In metazoans, Piwi-related Argonaute proteins have been linked to germline maintenance, and to a class of germline-enriched small RNAs termed piRNAs. Here we show that an abundant class of 21 nucleotide small RNAs (21U-RNAs) are expressed in the C. elegans germline, interact with the C. elegans Piwi family member PRG-1, and depend on PRG-1 activity for their accumulation. The PRG-1 protein is expressed throughout development and localizes to nuage-like structures called P granules. Although 21U-RNA loci share a conserved upstream sequence motif, the mature 21U-RNAs are not conserved and, with few exceptions, fail to exhibit complementarity or evidence for direct regulation of other expressed sequences. Our findings demonstrate that 21U-RNAs are the piRNAs of C. elegans and link this class of small RNAs and their associated Piwi Argonaute to the maintenance of temperature-dependent fertility."	0
"Title: Female sterile mutations on the second chromosome of Drosophila melanogaster. II. Mutations blocking oogenesis or altering egg morphology. Abstract: In mutagenesis screens for recessive female sterile mutations on the second chromosome of Drosophila melanogaster 528 lines were isolated which allow the homozygous females to survive but cause sterility. In 62 of these lines early stages of oogenesis are affected, and these females usually do not lay any eggs. In 333 lines oogenesis proceeds apparently normally to stage 8 of oogenesis, but morphological defects become often apparent during later stages of oogenesis, and are visible in the defective eggs produced by these females whereas 133 lay eggs that appear morphologically normal, but do not support normal embryonic development. Of the lines 341 have been genetically characterized and define a total of 140 loci on the second chromosome. Not all the loci are specific for oogenesis. From the numbers obtained we estimate that the second chromosome of Drosophila contains about 13 loci that are relatively specific for early oogenesis, 70 loci that are specifically required in mid to late oogenesis, and around 30 maternal-effect lethals."	0
"Title: Epigenetics and genetics. MicroRNAs en route to the clinic: progress in validating and targeting microRNAs for cancer therapy. Abstract: In normal cells multiple microRNAs (miRNAs) converge to maintain a proper balance of various processes, including proliferation, differentiation and cell death. miRNA dysregulation can have profound cellular consequences, especially because individual miRNAs can bind to and regulate multiple mRNAs. In cancer, the loss of tumour-suppressive miRNAs enhances the expression of target oncogenes, whereas increased expression of oncogenic miRNAs (known as oncomirs) can repress target tumour suppressor genes. This realization has resulted in a quest to understand the pathways that are regulated by these miRNAs using in vivo model systems, and to comprehend the feasibility of targeting oncogenic miRNAs and restoring tumour-suppressive miRNAs for cancer therapy. Here we discuss progress in using mouse models to understand the roles of miRNAs in cancer and the potential for manipulating miRNAs for cancer therapy as these molecules make their way towards clinical trials."	0
"Title: Five microRNAs in plasma as novel biomarkers for screening of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: In order to find novel noninvasive biomarkers with high accuracy for the screening of early-stage non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), we investigate the predictive power of 5 microRNAs (miR-20a, miR-145, miR-21, miR223 and miR-221) as potential biomarkers in early-stage NSCLC. Methods: In training set, 25 early-stage NSCLC patients and 25 matched healthy controls are included to assess the miRNA expression profile between early-stage NSCLC patients and healthy controls by real-time RT-PCR. We found that five of these miRNAs (miR-20a, miR-223, miR-21, miR-221 and miR-145) levels in NSCLC patients were significantly dysregulated compared with the healthy groups and thus were selected to validation set. Therefore, a validation experiment was further performed to investigate the potential predictive power of these five miRNAs based on 126 early-stage NSCLC patients, 42 NCPD patients and 60 healthy controls. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves were generated for the five miRNAs. Results: ROC curve analyses suggested that these five plasma miRNAs could be promising biomarkers for NSCLC, with relatively high AUC values as follows: miR-20a, 0.89 with 95% CI of [0.85-0.93]; miR-223, 0.94 with 95% CI of [0.91-0.96]; miR-21, 0.77 with 95% CI of [0.71-0.83]; miR-155, 0.92 with 95% CI of [0.89-0.96]; miR-145, 0.77 with 95% CI of [0.71-0.83]. Stratified analyses indicated that plasma miR-20a, miR-223, miR-21 and miR-145 showed better predictive value in smokers than in non-smokers, while miR-155 might be more suitable for non-smokers. In addition, all of these five miRNAs could differentiate NSCLC from controls with a higher accuracy in advanced stage and squamous carcinoma subgroups. Conclusions: In conclusion, our study suggested that five plasma miRNAs (miR-20a, miR-145, miR-21, miR-223 and miR-221) can be used as promising biomarkers in early screening of NSCLC. Nevertheless, further validation and optimizing improvement should be performed on larger sample to confirm our results."	0
"Title: Annexin-I overexpression is associated with tumour progression and independently predicts inferior disease-specific and metastasis-free survival in urinary bladder urothelial carcinoma. Abstract: In our previous studies, comparative proteomics and immunohistochemistry (IHC) demonstrated that annexin-I (ANXA1) is up-regulated in high grade urinary bladder urothelial carcinoma (UBUC) as compared to non-high grade carcinomas. However, the small sample size prohibited further correlation of ANXA1 expression to tumour progression. Therefore, in the present study, 81 primary localised UBUC specimens of various grades and primary tumour (pT) status were examined for ANXA1 expression to further confirm the proteomics data and to clarify the relevance of ANXA1 expression level to the prognosis of UBUC. Methods: IHC was implemented to investigate ANXA1 protein expression in 81 primary localised UBUC specimens. The association of ANXA1 expression with tumour progression and prognosis was analysed. Results: Our data demonstrated that the ANXA1 expression level was strongly associated with an escalated pT status (p < 0.001) and a higher histological grade (p < 0.001), suggesting that ANXA1 might be related to tumour progression. Moreover, at the univariate level, ANXA1 overexpression, along with higher pT status and histological grade, significantly predicted disease-specific survival (DSS) and metastasis-free survival (MFS). More importantly, multivariate analyses revealed that the association of ANXA1 overexpression and prognosis remained significant for both DSS and MFS. Conclusion: The above results reinforced the comparative proteomics results and confirmed the prognostic role of ANXA1 in UBUC."	0
"Title: Activation of p53 in cervical carcinoma cells by small molecules. Abstract: In over 90% of cervical cancers and cancer-derived cell lines, the p53 tumor suppressor pathway is disrupted by human papillomavirus (HPV). The HPV E6 protein promotes the degradation of p53 and thus inhibits the stabilization and activation of p53 that would normally occur in response to HPV E7 oncogene expression. Restoration of p53 function in these cells by blocking this pathway should promote a selective therapeutic affect. Here we show that treatment with the small molecule nuclear export inhibitor, leptomycin B, and actinomycin D leads to the accumulation of transcriptionally active p53 in the nucleus of HeLa, CaSki, and SiHa cells. Northern blot analyses showed that both actinomycin D and leptomycin B reduced the amount of HPV E6-E7 mRNA whereas combined treatment with the drugs showed almost complete disappearance of the viral mRNA. The combined treatment activated p53-dependant transcription, and increases in both p21(WAF1/CIP1) and Hdm2 mRNA were seen. The combined treatment resulted in apoptotic death in the cells, as evidenced by nuclear fragmentation and PARP-cleavage indicative of caspase 3 activity. These effects were greatly reduced by expressing a dominant negative p53 protein. The present study shows that small molecules can reactivate p53 in cervical carcinoma cells, and this reactivation is associated with an extensive biological response, including the induction of the apoptotic death of the cells."	0
"Title: LINC01410/miR-23c/CHD7 functions as a ceRNA network to affect the prognosis of patients with endometrial cancer and strengthen the malignant properties of endometrial cancer cells. Abstract: In previous studies, long non-coding RNA LINC01410 (LINC01410) has been found to promote cells proliferation and invasion in colon and gastric cancers. However, the function of LINC01410 in endometrial cancer (EC) is still elusive. The expression patterns of LINC01410/miR-23c/Chromodomain Helicase DNA-Binding Protein 7 (CHD7) in EC tissues and the prognosis of patients with different expression of LINC01410/miR-23c/CHD7 were determined by consulting TCGA database. EC patients with complete clinical data were applied for clinicopathological correlation analysis. The biological characteristics of EC cells were analyzed with the support of CCK-8 and transwell assays. CHD7 expression was assessed by qRT-PCR and western blot assays. Targeted associations between LINC01410 and miR-23c, as well as miR-23c and CHD7 were speculated by prediction website and verified by dual-luciferase assay. Rescue assays were performed to explore the interrelation among LINC01410, miR-23c and CHD7. Our data illustrated that LINC01410 high expression was presented in EC tissues and was positively related to the poor prognosis of patients in EC, as well as the malignant behaviors of EC cells. Through bioinformatics analysis, we surmised that LINC01410/miR-23c/CHD7 may play a role through the formation of competing endogenous RNA (ceRNA) mechanism. CHD7 expression was positively regulated by LINC01410, and inversely controlled by miR-23c. Furthermore, the promoting effects of miR-23c inhibitor or CHD7 upregulation on EC cell growth and aggressiveness were attenuated by LINC01410 silencing. Our results indicated that high expression of LINC01410 promoted EC cell progression through modulating miR-23c/CHD7 axis, providing a new direction for revealing the molecular mechanism of EC."	0
"Title: CircRNA hsa_circRNA_101996 increases cervical cancer proliferation and invasion through activating TPX2 expression by restraining miR-8075. Abstract: In recent years, circular RNAs have been shown to serve as essential regulators in several human cancers. Nevertheless, the function and mechanism of CircRNA in cervical cancer remain elusive. In the present study, we showed that hsa_circRNA_101996 was highly expressed in cervical cancer tissues compared with matched normal tissues by bioinformatics analysis. We showed that the expression level of hsa_circRNA_101996 in cervical cancer tissues was positively correlated with TNM stage, tumor size, and lymph node metastasis. Moreover, higher levels of hsa_circRNA_101996 were related to poor outcomes of cervical cancer patients. We found that knockdown of hsa_circRNA_101996 significantly inhibited the proliferation, cell cycle, migration, and invasion of cervical cancer cells. Mechanistically, we demonstrated that hsa_circRNA_101996 served as a sponge of miR-8075, which targeted TPX2 in cervical cancer cells. We showed that miR-8075 that was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues repressed cervical cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Furthermore, we validated that upregulation of TPX2 by hsa_circRNA_101996-mediated inhibition of miR-8075 contributed to cervical cancer proliferation, migration, and invasion. Taken together, our findings revealed a novel mechanism that hsa_circRNA_101996-miR-8075-TPX2 network promoted cervical cancer progression."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs in plasma as early detection markers for breast cancer. Abstract: In recent years, circulating miRNAs have attracted a great deal of attention as promising novel markers for various diseases. Here, we investigated their potential to serve as minimally invasive, early detection markers for breast cancer in blood plasma. We profiled miRNAs extracted from the plasma of early stage breast cancer patients (taken at the time-point of diagnosis) and healthy control individuals using TaqMan low-density arrays (TLDA). Selected candidates identified in the initial screen were further validated in an extended study cohort of 207 individuals including 127 sporadic breast cancer cases and 80 healthy controls via RT-qPCR. Four miRNAs (miR-148b, miR-376c, miR-409-3p and miR-801) were shown to be significantly upregulated in the plasma of breast cancer patients. ROC curve analysis showed that the combination of only three miRNAs (miR-148b, miR-409-3p and miR-801) had an equal discriminatory power between breast cancer cases and healthy controls as all four miRNAs together (AUC = 0.69). In conclusion, the identified miRNAs might be of potential use in the development of a multimarker blood-based test to complement and improve early detection of breast cancer. Such a multimarker blood test might for instance provide a prescreening tool, especially for younger women, to facilitate decisions about which individuals to recommend for further diagnostic tests."	0
"Title: A Novel Long Non-Coding RNA, SOX21-AS1, Indicates a Poor Prognosis and Promotes Lung Adenocarcinoma Proliferation. Abstract: In recent years, long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been shown to be a novel class of regulators of cancer biological processes. Although lncRNAs are dysregulated in numerous cancer types, limited data are available on the expression profiles and potential functions of lncRNAs in lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD). This study evaluated the expression and biological roles of lncRNA SOX21 antisense RNA 1 (SOX21-AS1) in LUAD. Methods: Quantitative reverse transcription PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to detect the expression levels of SOX21-AS1 in 68 pairs of LUAD tissues and corresponding non-tumor tissues. The effect of SOX21-AS1 on proliferation was evaluated by MTT, colony formation, EdU assays, flow-cytometric analysis and in vivo tumor formation assays. Real-time PCR, western-blot and immunohistochemistry were used to evaluate the mRNA and protein expression of p57. Results: Higher expression levels of SOX21-AS1 positively correlated with tumor size and advanced tumor-node-metastasis (TNM) stage. Multivariate analyses indicated that SOX21-AS1 expression could serve as an independent prognostic factor for overall survival of LUAD. Furthermore, knockdown of SOX21-AS1 significantly inhibited LUAD cell proliferation both in vitro and in vivo and induced cell cycle phase arrest and cell apoptosis. Importantly, through qRT-PCR and western blot analysis, we found that inhibition of SOX21-AS1 remarkably induced p57 expression. Conclusions: Collectively, our study demonstrates that SOX21-AS1 is involved in the development and progression of LUAD and that SOX21-AS1 may be a potential diagnostic factor as well as a target for new therapies for patients with LUAD."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 modulates the interleukin-1 signaling pathway in activated human monocyte-derived dendritic cells. Abstract: In response to inflammatory stimulation, dendritic cells (DCs) have a remarkable pattern of differentiation (maturation) that exhibits specific mechanisms to control immunity. Here, we show that in response to Lipopolysaccharides (LPS), several microRNAs (miRNAs) are regulated in human monocyte-derived dendritic cells. Among these miRNAs, miR-155 is highly up-regulated during maturation. Using LNA silencing combined to microarray technology, we have identified the Toll-like receptor/interleukin-1 (TLR/IL-1) inflammatory pathway as a general target of miR-155. We further demonstrate that miR-155 directly controls the level of TAB2, an important signal transduction molecule. Our observations suggest, therefore, that in mature human DCs, miR-155 is part of a negative feedback loop, which down-modulates inflammatory cytokine production in response to microbial stimuli."	0
"Title: p53-mediated activation of miRNA34 candidate tumor-suppressor genes. Abstract: In response to varied cell stress signals, the p53 tumor-suppressor protein activates a multitude of genes encoding proteins with functions in cell-cycle control, DNA repair, senescence, and apoptosis. The role of p53 in transcription of other types of RNAs, such as microRNAs (miRNAs) is essentially unknown. Results: Using gene-expression analyses, reporter gene assays, and chromatin-immunoprecipitation approaches, we present definitive evidence that the abundance of the three-member miRNA34 family is directly regulated by p53 in cell lines and tissues. Using array-based approaches and algorithm predictions, we define genes likely to be directly regulated by miRNA34, with cell-cycle regulatory genes being the most prominent class. In addition, we provide functional evidence, obtained via antisense oligonucleotide transfection and the use of mouse embryonic stem cells with loss of miRNA34a function, that the BCL2 protein is regulated directly by miRNA34. Finally, we demonstrate that the expression of two miRNA34s is dramatically reduced in 6 of 14 (43%) non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) and that the restoration of miRNA34 expression inhibits growth of NSCLC cells. Conclusions: Taken together, the data suggest the miRNA34s might be key effectors of p53 tumor-suppressor function, and their inactivation might contribute to certain cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) regulates cellular proliferation, invasion, migration, and apoptosis by targeting PTEN, RECK and Bcl-2 in lung squamous carcinoma, Gejiu City, China. Abstract: In South China (Gejiu City, Yunnan Province), lung cancer incidence and associated mortality rate is the most prevalent and observed forms of cancer. Lung cancer in this area is called Gejiu squamous cell lung carcinoma (GSQCLC). Research has demonstrated that overexpression of miR-21 occurs in many cancers. However, the unique relationship between miR-21 and its target genes in GSQCLC has never been investigated. The molecular mechanism involved in GSQCLC must be compared to other non-small cell lung cancers in order to establish a relation and identify potential therapeutic targets. Methodology/principal findings: In the current study, we initially found overexpression of miR-21 occurring in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines when compared to the immortalized lung epithelial cell line BEAS-2B. We also demonstrated that high expression of miR-21 could increase tumor cell proliferation, invasion, viability, and migration in GSQCLC cell line (YTMLC-90) and NSCLC cell line (NCI-H157). Additionally, our results revealed that miR-21 could suppress YTMLC-90 and NCI-H157 cell apoptosis through arresting cell-cycle at G2/M phase. Furthermore, we demonstrated that PTEN, RECK and Bcl-2 are common target genes of miR-21 in NSCLC. Finally, our studies showed that down-regulation of miR-21 could lead to a significant increase in PTEN and RECK and decrease in Bcl-2 at the mRNA and protein level in YTMLC-90 and NCI-H157 cell lines. However, we have not observed any remarkable difference in the levels of miR-21 and its targets in YTMLC-90 cells when compared with NCI-H157 cells. Conclusions/significance: miR-21 simultaneously regulates multiple programs that enhance cell proliferation, apoptosis and tumor invasiveness by targeting PTEN, RECK and Bcl-2 in GSQCLC. Our results demonstrated that miR-21 may play a vital role in tumorigenesis and progression of lung squamous cell carcinoma and suppression of miR-21 may be a novel approach for the treatment of lung squamous cell carcinoma."	0
"Title: A distinct small RNA pathway silences selfish genetic elements in the germline. Abstract: In the Drosophila germline, repeat-associated small interfering RNAs (rasiRNAs) ensure genomic stability by silencing endogenous selfish genetic elements such as retrotransposons and repetitive sequences. Whereas small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) derive from both the sense and antisense strands of their double-stranded RNA precursors, rasiRNAs arise mainly from the antisense strand. rasiRNA production appears not to require Dicer-1, which makes microRNAs (miRNAs), or Dicer-2, which makes siRNAs, and rasiRNAs lack the 2',3' hydroxy termini characteristic of animal siRNA and miRNA. Unlike siRNAs and miRNAs, rasiRNAs function through the Piwi, rather than the Ago, Argonaute protein subfamily. Our data suggest that rasiRNAs protect the fly germline through a silencing mechanism distinct from both the miRNA and RNA interference pathways."	0
"Title: Putative roles as oncogene or tumour suppressor of the Mid-clustered microRNAs in Gallid alphaherpesvirus 2 (GaHV2) induced Marek's disease lymphomagenesis. Abstract: In the last decade, numerous microRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified in diverse virus families, particularly in herpesviruses. Gallid alphaherpesvirus 2 (GaHV2) is a representative oncogenic alphaherpesvirus that induces rapid-onset T-cell lymphomas in its natural hosts, namely Marek's disease (MD). In the GaHV2 genome there are 26 mature miRNAs derived from 14 precursors assembled into three clusters, namely the Meq-cluster, Mid-cluster and LAT-cluster. Several GaHV2 miRNAs, especially those in the Meq-cluster (e.g. miR-M4-5p), have been demonstrated to be critical in MD pathogenesis and/or tumorigenesis. Interestingly the downstream Mid-cluster is regulated and transcribed by the same promoter as the Meq-cluster in the latent phase of the infection, but the role of these Mid-clustered miRNAs in GaHV2 biology remains unclear. We have generated the deletion mutants of the Mid-cluster and of its associated individual miRNAs in GX0101 virus, a very virulent GaHV2 strain, and demonstrated that the Mid-clustered miRNAs are not essential for virus replication. Using GaHV2-infected chickens as an animal model, we found that, compared with parental GX0101 virus, the individual deletion of miR-M31 decreased the mortality and gross tumour incidence of infected chickens while the deletion individually of miR-M1 or miR-M11 unexpectedly increased viral pathogenicity or oncogenicity, similarly to the deletion of the entire Mid-cluster region. More importantly, our data further confirm that miR-M11-5p, the miR-M11-derived mature miRNA, targets the viral oncogene meq and suppresses its expression in GaHV2 infection. We report here that members of the Mid-clustered miRNAs, miR-M31-3p and miR-M11-5p, potentially act either as oncogene or tumour suppressor in MD lymphomagenesis."	0
"Title: CpG island hypermethylation of tumor suppressor microRNAs in human cancer. Abstract: In the last few years, microRNAs have started a revolution in molecular biology and emerged as key players in the cancer process. For these reasons, it is extremely important to understand the physiological and disease-associated mechanisms underlying the regulation of these small, single-stranded RNAs. Thus, it was merely a matter of time before microRNAs and epigenetics coincided. In cancer, aberrant DNA hypermethylation of tumor suppressor genes, global genomic DNA hypomethylation, and disruption of the histone modification patterns are the main epigenetic alterations, and have consequently been widely studied. Some microRNAs are downregulated in cancer and act as bona fide tumor suppressor genes, and this knowledge led to the proposal of the hypothesis that miRNAs could be silenced by epigenetic mechanisms. It has recently been shown that miR-127 and miR-124a, two putative tumor suppressor miRNAs, are methylated in tumor cells. Epigenomic tools can be effectively used in the search for new methylated tumor suppressor microRNAs. Furthermore, this aberrant methylation can be reversed by epigenetic drugs, such as DNA demethylating agents and histone deacetylase inhibitors, restoring microRNA expression levels and reverting the tumoral phenotype. In the coming years we will come to realize more fully the relevance of this expected encounter between two forces-epigenetics and microRNAs-that are currently at the forefront of biology."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-127-3p acts as a tumor suppressor in epithelial ovarian cancer by regulating the BAG5 gene. Abstract: In the present study, the tumor-suppressive role of microRNA-127-3p (miR-127-3p) in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) was elucidated. Expression of miR-127-3p was examined by quantitative RT-PCR (qRT-PCR) in 9 EOC cell lines and clinical samples from 13 EOC patients. EOC cell lines, OVCAR-3 and Caov-3, were transduced with a lentivirus to overexpress endogenous miR-127-3p. The tumor-suppressive effects of miR-127-3p on EOC proliferation, bufalin sensitivity, invasion and in vivo growth were investigated through proliferation, bufalin sensitivity wound-closure and in vivo tumorigenicity assays, respectively. In addition, luciferase reporter assay and qRT-PCR were conducted to verify whether the Bcl-2-associated athanogene 5 (BAG5) gene was the downstream target of miR-127-3p in EOC. BAG5 was subsequently upregulated in the OVCAR-3 and Caov-3 cells to examine its functional correlation with miR?127-3p regulation in EOC. The results revealed that in both EOC cell lines and EOC tumor tissues, miR-127-3p was downregulated. Lentiviral-mediated miR-127-3p overexpression exerted tumor-suppressive effects in OVCAR-3 and Caov-3 cells by reducing in vitro proliferation and invasion, increasing bufalin sensitivity, and inhibiting in vivo tumor growth. miR?127-3p directly regulated the BAG5 gene in EOC. Subsequent BAG5 upregulation ameliorated the tumor-suppressive effects of miR-127-3p overexpression in EOC. In conclusion, miR-127-3p functions as a tumor suppressor in EOC, and its influence on EOC is directly through regulation of BAG5."	0
"Title: Circulating Cell-Free miR-373, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c in Patients with Epithelial Ovarian Cancer. Abstract: In the present study, we investigated whether circulating cell-free microRNAs serve as potential biomarkers in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) patients. Circulating miR-373, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c were quantified in a cohort of 60 EOC patients, 20 patients with benign ovarian diseases and 32 healthy women using quantitative TaqMan MicroRNA assays. The serum concentrations of cell-free miR-373, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c were significantly higher in EOC patients than in healthy women (p = 0.0001). With a sensitivity of 83 % and a specificity of 100 %, the combination of miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c could differ between malignant and benign ovarian tumors (p = 0.0001). Elevated levels of these cell-free microRNAs could be detected in FIGO I-II and FIGO III-IV stages, grading G1-2 and G3 and lymph node-negative and -positive EOC. In conclusion, the increased serum levels of this microRNA panel have diagnostic value for distinguishing healthy controls and benign tumors from EOC."	0
"Title: Silica-based nanoparticles for biomedical applications. Abstract: In this short review we highlight novel uses of silica-based nanoparticles (NPs) in the biomedical sector. Silica NPs are widely used in nanotechnology because they are easy to prepare and inexpensive to produce. Their specific surface characteristics, porosity and capacity for functionalization make them good tools for biomolecule detection and separation, providing solid media for drug delivery systems and acting as contrast agent protectors. In addition, they are used as safety and biocompatible pharmaceutical additives. Here, we focus on novel techniques based on silica NPs for the most important biomedical applications."	0
"Title: MiRNA-29a regulates the expression of numerous proteins and reduces the invasiveness and proliferation of human carcinoma cell lines. Abstract: In this study we have identified a functional role for miR-29a in cancer cell invasion and proliferation. MiRNA expression profiling of human NSCLC cell lines indicated that miR-29a levels were reduced in more invasive cell lines. Exogenous overexpression of miR-29a in both lung and pancreatic cancer cell lines resulted in a significant reduction in the invasion phenotype, as well as in proliferation. 2D DIGE proteomic profiling of cells transfected with pre-miR-29a or anti-miR-29a resulted in the identification of over 100 differentially regulated proteins. The fold change of protein expression was generally modest--in the range 1.2-1.7-fold. Only 14 were predicted computationally to have miR-29a seed sequences in their 3' UTR region. Subsequent studies using siRNA to knock down several candidate proteins from the 2D DIGE experiment identified RAN (a member of the RAS oncogene family) which significantly reduced the invasive capability of a model lung cancer cell line. We conclude that miR-29a has a significant anti-invasive and anti-proliferative effect on lung cancer cells in vitro and functions as an anti-oncomir. This function is likely mediated through the post-transcriptional fine tuning of the cellular levels of several proteins, both directly and indirectly, and in particular we provide some evidence that RAN represents one of these."	0
"Title: Promoting detachment of neutrophils adherent to murine postcapillary venules to control inflammation: effect of lipocortin 1. Abstract: In this study we investigated, using intravital microscopy, how neutrophil extravasation across mouse mesenteric postcapillary venules is inhibited by the glucocorticoid-regulated protein lipocortin (LC; also termed annexin) 1. Intraperitoneal injection of 1 mg of zymosan into mice induced neutrophil rolling on the activated mesenteric endothelium followed by adhesion (maximal at 2 hr: 5-6 cells per 100-micrometers of vessel length) and emigration (maximal at 4 hr: 8-10 cells per high-powered field). Treatment of mice with human recombinant LC1 (2 mg/kg s.c.) or its mimetic peptide Ac2-26 (13 mg/kg s.c.) did not modify cell rolling but markedly reduced (>/=50%) the degree of neutrophil adhesion and emigration (P < 0.05). Intravenous treatment with peptide Ac2-26 (13 mg/kg) or recombinant human LC1 (0.7-2 mg/kg) promoted detachment of neutrophils adherent to the endothelium 2 hr after zymosan administration, with adherent cells detaching within 4.12 +/- 0.75 min and 2.36 +/- 0.31 min, respectively (n = 20-25 cells). Recruitment of newly adherent cells to the endothelium was unaffected. The structurally related protein LC5 was inactive in this assay, whereas a chimeric molecule constructed from the N terminus of LC1 (49 aa) attached to the core region of LC5 produced cell detachment with kinetics similar to LC1. Removal of adherent neutrophils from activated postcapillary endothelium is a novel pharmacological action, and it is at this site where LC1 and its mimetics operate to down-regulate this aspect of the host inflammatory response."	0
"Title: Reduced expression of the let-7 microRNAs in human lung cancers in association with shortened postoperative survival. Abstract: In this study, we report for the first time reduced expression of the let-7 microRNA in human lung cancers. Interestingly, 143 lung cancer cases that had undergone potentially curative resection could be classified into two major groups according to let-7 expression in unsupervised hierarchical analysis, showing significantly shorter survival after potentially curative resection in cases with reduced let-7 expression (P = 0.0003). Multivariate COX regression analysis showed this prognostic impact to be independent of disease stage (hazard ratio = 2.17; P = 0.009). In addition, overexpression of let-7 in A549 lung adenocarcinoma cell line inhibited lung cancer cell growth in vitro. This study represents the first report of reduced expression of let-7 and the potential clinical and biological effects of such a microRNA alteration."	0
"Title: Electrochemical based detection of microRNA, mir21 in breast cancer cells. Abstract: In this work, a novel electrochemical microRNA (miRNA) detection method based on enzyme amplified biosensing of mir21 from cell lysate of total RNA was demonstrated. The proposed enzymatic detection method was detailed and compared with the conventional guanine oxidation based assay in terms of detection limit and specificity. For the detection of mir21, capture probes and/or cell lysates were covalently attached onto the pencil graphite electrode (PGE) by coupling agents of N-(dimethylamino)propyl-N'-ethylcarbodiimide hydrochloride (EDC) and N-hydroxysulfosuccinimide (NHS). Having immobilized the capture probe onto the surface of PGE, hybridization was achieved with a biotinylated (from its 3' end) complementary target. Extravidin labeled alkaline phosphatase (Ex-Ap) binds to the biotinylated target due to the interaction between biotin-avidin and the enzyme converts electro-inactive alpha naphtyl phosphate (the substrate) to electro-active alpha naphtol (?-NAP, the product). ?-NAP was oxidized at +0.23 V vs Ag/AgCl and this signal was measured by Differential Pulse Voltammetry (DPV). The signals obtained from ?-NAP oxidation were compared for the probe and hybrid DNA. The specificity of the designed biosensor was proved by using non-complementary sequences instead of complementary sequences and the detection limit of the assay was calculated to be 6 pmol for cell lysates."	0
"Title: DDX6 post-transcriptionally down-regulates miR-143/145 expression through host gene NCR143/145 in cancer cells. Abstract: In various human malignancies, widespread dysregulation of microRNA (miRNA) expression is reported to occur and affects various cell growth programs. Recent studies suggest that the expression levels of miRNAs that act as tumor suppressors are frequently reduced in cancers because of chromosome deletions, epigenetical changes, aberrant transcription, and disturbances in miRNA processing. MiR-143 and -145 are well-recognized miRNAs that are highly expressed in several tissues, but down-regulated in most types of cancers. However, the mechanism of this down-regulation has not been investigated in detail. Here, we show that DEAD-box RNA helicase 6, DDX6 (p54/RCK), post-transcriptionally down-regulated miR-143/145 expression by prompting the degradation of its host gene product, NCR143/145 RNA. In human gastric cancer cell line MKN45, DDX6 protein was abundantly expressed and accumulated in processing bodies (P-bodies). DDX6 preferentially increased the instability of non-coding RNA, NCR143/145, which encompasses the miR-143/145 cluster, and down-regulated the expression of mature miR-143/145. In human monocytic cell line THP-1, lipopolysaccharide treatment promoted the assembly of P-bodies and down-regulated the expression of NCR143/145 and its miR-143/145 rapidly. In these cells, cycloheximide treatment led to a loss of P-bodies and to an increase in NCR143/145 RNA stability, thus resulting in up-regulation of miR-143/145 expression. These data demonstrate that DDX6 contributed to the control of NCR143/145 RNA stability in P-bodies and post-transcriptionally regulated miR-143/145 expression in cancer cells."	0
"Title: 5'-tRNA Halves are Dysregulated in Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma. Abstract: In various malignancies RNA fragments are dysregulated. Our study was designed to determine the expression of 4, 5'-tRNA halves in the tissue and serum of patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma. Materials and methods: Tissue and serum samples of patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma and nonmalignant disease were collected prospectively in our biobank. We isolated total RNA from 95 clear cell renal cell carcinomas and 50 normal renal tissues as well as serum RNA from 27 patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma and 13 with nonmalignant urological disease. To specifically determine the expression of 5'-tRNA halves we dephosphorylated and ligated an adaptor nucleotide to the 3' end of the tRNA halves. The expression levels of 4, 5'-tRNA halves (5'-tRNA-Arg-CCT, 5'-tRNA-Glu-CTC, 5'-tRNA-Leu-CAG and 5'-tRNA-Lys-TTT) were then measured by TaqMan® based quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Results: All studied 5'-tRNA halves were down-regulated in clear cell renal cell carcinoma tissues, indicating a potential role as a tumor suppressor. Furthermore, we noted decreased expression of 5'-tRNA halves in patients with adverse clinicopathological parameters. All 5'-tRNA halves were expressed at lower levels in nonorgan confined clear cell renal cell carcinoma. The 5'-tRNA-Lys-TTT halves inversely correlated with ISUP (International Society of Urological Pathology) grade. In patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma 5'-tRNA-Arg-CCT, 5'-tRNA-Glu-CTC and 5'-tRNA-Lys-TTT halves circulated at lower levels than in control subjects, indicating relevance as noninvasive biomarkers. Conclusions: In patients with clear cell renal cell carcinoma 5'-tRNA halves have potential as diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers. The 5'-tRNA halves may act in a tumor suppressive manner, which requires further research to confirm."	0
"Title: Comparative analysis of annexin-1 in neuroepithelial tumors shows altered expression with the grade of malignancy but is not associated with survival. Abstract: In various types of cancer, the expression of members of the annexin family of calcium- and phospholipid-binding anti-inflammatory proteins is dysregulated. Annexin-1 (ANXA1, lipocortin-1) is involved in proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis. It serves as a substrate for the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), which is frequently amplified in primary gliomas. It is unclear how annexin-1 is expressed in various neuroepithelial tumors, and whether there is any association with tumor malignancy or survival. We studied annexin-1 expression in 394 glial neoplasms of all grades of malignancy and 81 normal brain samples by immunohistochemistry using tissue microarrays. The results were validated using western blot and reverse transcription-PCR (RT-PCR). In the normal human brain, the expression of annexin-1 is limited to ependymal cells and subependymal astrocytes, but is also upregulated in reactive astrocytes. Ependymomas and astrocytomas showed significantly higher mean annexin-1 expression levels in the cytoplasm compared with oligodendrogliomas (both: P<0.0001). In addition, nuclear staining of annexin-1 in oligodendroglial tumor cells was significantly reduced (P=0.0002), which may be used as a diagnostic tool for differentiating between astrocytomas and oligodendrogliomas. Although annexin-1 expression in ependymomas decreased with the grade of malignancy, diffuse astrocytomas showed a significant increase in cytoplasmic annexin-1-positive tumor cells. However, survival analysis showed that the expression of annexin-1 is not associated with patient survival. Similar to the EGFR amplification profile, primary glioblastomas had a higher annexin-1 expression level compared with secondary glioblastomas. Thus, annexin-1 upregulation in astrocytomas may contribute to tumor progression and its expression profile is similar to its substrate, EGFR, suggesting a possible regulation thereof."	0
"Title: The interactions between MicroRNA-200c and BRD7 in endometrial carcinoma. Abstract: Increased expression of miR-200c was recently reported in endometrial carcinoma compared with normal tissues. In this study, we evaluated the role of miR-200c in cell growth and drug sensitivity in endometrial carcinoma and investigated the underlying mechanisms. Methods: The expression of miR-200c in human endometrial tissues was detected by quantitative RT-PCR. The transfection with anti-miRNA (anti-miR) or the premature form of miRNA (pre-miR) was performed to regulate the level of expression of miRNA-200c in endometrial carcinoma cells, HEC-1A and Ishikawa. To identify the target genes for miR-200c, we performed mRNA microarray after pre-miR-200c transfection in HEC-1A cells. Results: We found that miR-200c expression was increased in endometrial carcinoma compared with normal endometrial tissues. Anti-miR or pre-miR-200c could regulate cell survival, proliferation, and apoptosis and affect cytotoxicity in endometrial cancer cells. Through mRNA microarray analysis, we found that miR-200c inhibits the expression of BRD7, which was recently reported as a potential tumor suppressor gene. MiR-200c regulated the translocation of ?-catenin from the cytoplasm to the nucleus via inhibition of BRD7, resulting in increased expression of its transcriptional target genes, cyclinD1 and c-myc. Conclusion: The interaction between miR-200c and BRD7 might have important roles in controlling growth of endometrial of cancer cells and suggest a novel target pathway for treatment of this cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-106a promotes cell migration and invasion by targeting tissue inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinase 2 in cervical cancer. Abstract: Increasing evidence has demonstrated that miRNAs play a critical role in tumor development and progression. Previous studies have revealed that miR-106a is abnormally expressed in various cancers. However, its function and underlying mechanism in cervical cancer (CC) remains unknown. In this study, we confirmed that the expression of miR-106a was significantly upregulated in both CC cell lines and tissues by qRT-PCR. The increased expression of miR-106a was obviously associated with adverse prognostic features. Moreover, we demonstrated that miR-106a was a novel independent prognostic marker for predicting the 5-year survival of CC patients. The ectopic overexpression of miR?106a promoted cell migration, invasion and invasion-related gene expression, while downregulated miR-106a reversed the effect. In addition, miR-106a regulated tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase (TIMP)2 by directly binding to its 3'-UTR, leading to the indution of the expression of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs). In clinical samples of CC, miR-106a was inversely correlated with TIMP2, which was downregulated in CC. Alteration of TIMP2 expression at least partially abolished the migration, invasion and MMP expression of miR-106a in CC cells. In conclusion, our data indicated that miR-106a promoted the migration, invasion and MMP expression of CC by targeting TIMP2, and may represent a novel potential therapeutic target and prognostic marker for CC."	0
"Title: Downregulation of miR-1294 associates with prognosis and tumor progression in epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Increasing evidence has revealed that microRNAs (miRNAs) act as key players in the regulation of tumor growth and metastasis in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). However, the clinical role and functional effects of miR-1294 in EOC remain unknown. Patients and methods: We examined the expression of miR-1294 in 69 cases of EOC tissues and cell lines by quantitative Real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). The associations of miR-1294 expression with clinicopathologic features and overall survival of EOC patients were analyzed. Biological functional effects of miR-1294 expression on cell growth were analyzed using Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK8) assays and flow cytometry assays in vitro. Results: In the present study, we identified that miR-1294 expression was lower in 76 specimens of EOC compared to adjacent normal tissues. Lower miR-1294 expression was related to FIGO stage, lymph node metastasis and shorter overall survival rate in EOC patients. Multivariate Cox analysis demonstrated that miR-1294 expression was an independent prognostic indicator of EOC patients. Gain function assays showed that miR-1294 overexpression inhibited cell proliferation and cell cycle progression in EOC. Conclusions: Our results indicated that miR-1294 acted as a prognostic biomarker and potential target of EOC treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-497 is a potential prognostic marker in human cervical cancer and functions as a tumor suppressor by targeting the insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor. Abstract: Increasing evidence has shown that microRNAs function as oncogenes or tumor suppressors in human malignancies, but the roles of microRNA (miR)-497 in human cervical cancer still remain unclear. Our aim was to analyze the clinicopathologic and prognostic significance of miR-497 in human cervical cancer and to investigate the effects of miR-497 on the malignant phenotype of cervical cancer cells. Methods: First, we detected miR-497 expression in the HPV-16-immortalized cervical epithelial cell lines and 4 other cervical cancer cell lines (HeLa, Caski, SiHa, and HeLa-S3). Then the expression of miR-497 was analyzed in cervical cancer tissues and paired nontumor tissues, and its correlation with clinicopathologic features and survival was analyzed. Finally, the roles of miR-497 in regulation of tumor proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion, and target gene expression were further investigated. Results: MiR-497 was downregulated in cervical cancer cells or tissues compared with HPV-16-immortalized cervical epithelial cell lines or the paired nontumor tissues. Also, the decrease in miR-497 correlated closely with the criteria of the International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics stage and lymph node metastases in patients with cervical cancer. Multivariate Cox analysis showed that low miR-497 expression appeared to be an unfavorable prognostic factor. Transient forced expression of miR-497 decreased the growth and colony-formation capacity of HeLa and SiHa cells by inducing Caspase-3-dependent apoptosis. Forced expression of miR-497 suppressed the migration and invasiveness of cervical cancer cells. By computational miRNA target prediction and functional analysis, miR-497 was demonstrated to bind to the 3' untranslated regions of IGF-1R mRNA, and upregulation of miR-497 downregulated IGF-1R protein expression. Further investigation showed that small interfering RNA-mediated IGF-1R knockdown could mimic the effect of enforced miR-497 expression on the malignant phenotypes of cervical cancer cells. Conclusion: MiR-497 may be a potential prognostic marker and functions as a tumor suppressor in human cervical cancer by post-transcriptionally targeting IGF-1R."	0
"Title: Genomic loss of tumor suppressor miRNA-204 promotes cancer cell migration and invasion by activating AKT/mTOR/Rac1 signaling and actin reorganization. Abstract: Increasing evidence suggests that chromosomal regions containing microRNAs are functionally important in cancers. Here, we show that genomic loci encoding miR-204 are frequently lost in multiple cancers, including ovarian cancers, pediatric renal tumors, and breast cancers. MiR-204 shows drastically reduced expression in several cancers and acts as a potent tumor suppressor, inhibiting tumor metastasis in vivo when systemically delivered. We demonstrated that miR-204 exerts its function by targeting genes involved in tumorigenesis including brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a neurotrophin family member which is known to promote tumor angiogenesis and invasiveness. Analysis of primary tumors shows that increased expression of BDNF or its receptor tropomyosin-related kinase B (TrkB) parallel a markedly reduced expression of miR-204. Our results reveal that loss of miR-204 results in BDNF overexpression and subsequent activation of the small GTPase Rac1 and actin reorganization through the AKT/mTOR signaling pathway leading to cancer cell migration and invasion. These results suggest that microdeletion of genomic loci containing miR-204 is directly linked with the deregulation of key oncogenic pathways that provide crucial stimulus for tumor growth and metastasis. Our findings provide a strong rationale for manipulating miR-204 levels therapeutically to suppress tumor metastasis."	0
"Title: Catenin-?1, negatively regulated by miR-145, promotes tumour aggressiveness in gastric cancer. Abstract: Increasing evidence supports the association of catenin-?1 (CTNND1, p120ctn) with tumour development and progression. However, the mechanism and clinical significance of CTNND1 deregulation in gastric cancer remain unknown. The expression level and cellular localization of CTNND1 were determined by immunohistochemistry in 126 human gastric cancer and 50 non-tumourous tissues. The cellular localization of CTNND1 and epithelial cadherin (E-cadherin) were detected by immunofluorescence. Cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration and invasion assays were performed to assess the effect of CTNND1 cDNA or CTNND1 siRNA transfection on gastric cancer cells. Luciferase assay, western blot analysis and in vivo assays were used to determine whether CTNND1 could be regulated by miR-145. The results demonstrate that the cytoplasmic localization of CTNND1 protein, rather than expression level, was indicative of higher clinical stage, positive lymph node metastasis and poorer prognosis in gastric cancers. CTNND1 could promote gastric cancer cell migration and invasion with little effect on cellular proliferation and apoptosis. CTNND1 was proved to be a direct target gene for miR-145. Besides suppressing cytoplasmic CTNND1 expression, miR-145 could recover the membranous localization of CTNND1 and E-cadherin. We conclude that cytoplasmic CTNND1 can serve as an independent prognostic factor for patients with gastric cancers. MiR-145 inhibits invasion of gastric cancer cells not only by down-regulating cytoplasmic CTNND1 expression but also by inducing the translocation of CTNND1 and E-cadherin from the cytoplasm to the cell membrane through down-regulating N-cadherin."	0
"Title: TP53 oncomorphic mutations predict resistance to platinum? and taxane?based standard chemotherapy in patients diagnosed with advanced serous ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: Individual mutations in the tumor suppressor TP53 alter p53 protein function. Some mutations create a non-functional protein, whereas others confer oncogenic activity, which we term 'oncomorphic'. Since mutations in TP53 occur in nearly all ovarian tumors, the objective of this study was to determine the relationship of oncomorphic TP53 mutations with patient outcomes in advanced serous ovarian cancer patients. Clinical and molecular data from 264 high-grade serous ovarian cancer patients uniformly treated with standard platinum- and taxane-based adjuvant chemotherapy were downloaded from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) portal. Additionally, patient samples were obtained from the University of Iowa and individual mutations were analyzed in ovarian cancer cell lines. Mutations in the TP53 were annotated and categorized as oncomorphic, loss of function (LOF), or unclassified. Associations between mutation types, chemoresistance, recurrence, and progression-free survival (PFS) were calculated. Oncomorphic TP53 mutations were present in 21.3% of ovarian cancers in the TCGA dataset. Patients with oncomorphic TP53 mutations demonstrated significantly worse PFS, a 60% higher risk of recurrence (HR=1.60, 95% confidence intervals 1.09, 2.33, p=0.015), and higher rates of platinum resistance (?(2) test p=0.0024) when compared with single nucleotide mutations not categorized as oncomorphic. Furthermore, tumors containing oncomorphic TP53 mutations displayed unique protein expression profiles, and some mutations conferred increased clonogenic capacity in ovarian cancer cell models. Our study reveals that oncomorphic TP53 mutations are associated with worse patient outcome. These data suggest that future studies should take into consideration the functional consequences of TP53 mutations when determining treatment options."	0
"Title: Inflammation as ""common soil"" of the multifactorial diseases. Abstract: Inflammation is classically recognized as an essential step for the control of microbial invasion or tissue injury as well as for the maintenance of tissue homeostasis under a variety of noxious conditions. One of the most intriguing aspect of studying inflammation is the plurality of the inflammatory mediators that are continuously discovered (microRNAs, adipokines, inflammasomes and the danger signals, etc.) and their effects on target tissues. Several studies have demonstrated that inflammatory response represents the ""common soil"" of the multifactorial diseases, encompassing both chronic inflammatory rheumatic disorders and a wide variety of conditions including type 2 diabetes, cardiovascular and neurodegenerative diseases, obesity, cancer, asthma, and ageing. While the inflammatory response observed in the rheumatic disorders seems to be triggered by infection and injury, i.e. the main inducers of inflammation, in the other conditions mentioned it appears to be supported by tissue malfunction or homeostatic imbalance. In the present review, we discuss the data emerged from research on inflammatory mediators sustaining multifactorial diseases."	0
"Title: Membrane type-1 matrix metalloproteinase (MT1-MMP) correlates with the expression and activation of matrix metalloproteinase-2 (MMP-2) in inflammatory breast cancer. Abstract: Inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) represents the most aggressive form of breast cancer, characterized by rapid progression, involvement of dermal lymphatic emboli and extensive metastatic lymph nodes. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) are proteolytic enzymes that play an important role in cancer invasion and metastasis. Although the role of MMPs in non-IBC is well studied, little is known about its role in IBC. Thus the goal of the present study was to 1) investigate the expression and activity levels of membrane type matrix metalloproteinase-1 (MT1-MMP) and matrix metalloproteinase-2 and-9 (MMP-2 and MMP-9) in IBC versus non-IBC tissue samples and; 2) test correlation between expression of MT1-MMP and pro- and active forms of MMP-2 and MMP-9. We enrolled 51 breast cancer patients, 21 were diagnosed as IBC and 30 as non-IBC. Level of expression of MT1-MMP in carcinoma tissue was assessed by immunoblot and immunohistochemistry techniques. The expression and activation of MMP-2 and MMP-9 was measured by gelatin zymography. Our results revealed that MT1-MMP, pro-MMP-2, pro-MMP-9 and active MMP-2 were more expressed in IBC tissue versus non-IBC. Furthermore, we found that MT1-MMP expression correlates with expression of pro-MMP-2, pro-MMP-9 and active MMP-2 in IBC tissue samples and with MMP-9 in non-IBC tissue sample. In conclusion, our study suggests a role of MT1-MMP in inflammatory breast cancer disease progression."	0
"Title: RNA interference in the clinic: challenges and future directions. Abstract: Inherent difficulties with blocking many desirable targets using conventional approaches have prompted many to consider using RNA interference (RNAi) as a therapeutic approach. Although exploitation of RNAi has immense potential as a cancer therapeutic, many physiological obstacles stand in the way of successful and efficient delivery. This Review explores current challenges to the development of synthetic RNAi-based therapies and considers new approaches to circumvent biological barriers, to avoid intolerable side effects and to achieve controlled and sustained release."	0
"Title: Integrated analyses identify a master microRNA regulatory network for the mesenchymal subtype in serous ovarian cancer. Abstract: Integrated genomic analyses revealed a miRNA-regulatory network that further defined a robust integrated mesenchymal subtype associated with poor overall survival in 459 cases of serous ovarian cancer (OvCa) from The Cancer Genome Atlas and 560 cases from independent cohorts. Eight key miRNAs, including miR-506, miR-141, and miR-200a, were predicted to regulate 89% of the targets in this network. Follow-up functional experiments illustrate that miR-506 augmented E-cadherin expression, inhibited cell migration and invasion, and prevented TGF?-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition by targeting SNAI2, a transcriptional repressor of E-cadherin. In human OvCa, miR-506 expression was correlated with decreased SNAI2 and VIM, elevated E-cadherin, and beneficial prognosis. Nanoparticle delivery of miR-506 in orthotopic OvCa mouse models led to E-cadherin induction and reduced tumor growth."	0
"Title: Total Extracellular Small RNA Profiles from Plasma, Saliva, and Urine of Healthy Subjects. Abstract: Interest in circulating RNAs for monitoring and diagnosing human health has grown significantly. There are few datasets describing baseline expression levels for total cell-free circulating RNA from healthy control subjects. In this study, total extracellular RNA (exRNA) was isolated and sequenced from 183 plasma samples, 204 urine samples and 46 saliva samples from 55 male college athletes ages 18-25 years. Many participants provided more than one sample, allowing us to investigate variability in an individual's exRNA expression levels over time. Here we provide a systematic analysis of small exRNAs present in each biofluid, as well as an analysis of exogenous RNAs. The small RNA profile of each biofluid is distinct. We find that a large number of RNA fragments in plasma (63%) and urine (54%) have sequences that are assigned to YRNA and tRNA fragments respectively. Surprisingly, while many miRNAs can be detected, there are few miRNAs that are consistently detected in all samples from a single biofluid, and profiles of miRNA are different for each biofluid. Not unexpectedly, saliva samples have high levels of exogenous sequence that can be traced to bacteria. These data significantly contribute to the current number of sequenced exRNA samples from normal healthy individuals."	0
"Title: Interferon alpha-inducible protein 27 promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition and induces ovarian tumorigenicity and stemness. Abstract: Interferon alpha-inducible protein 27 (IFI27) is an interferon alpha-inducible protein, which was found to be upregulated in some cancers, such as breast cancer, squamous cell carcinoma, hepatocellular carcinoma, and serous ovarian carcinoma. However, the role of IFI27 in ovarian cancer remains to be elucidated. This study was designed to investigate the role of IFI27 in ovarian cancer tumorigenicity. Materials and methods: The expression of IFI27 was examined in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines by real time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and immunohistochemistry. The cell migration and invasion was investigated by wound healing and transwell invasion assay. The epithelial-mesenchymal transition markers were detected by Western blotting and the stemness was evaluated by sphere formation. The tumor growth was examined in the athymic mice model. Results: We found that IFI27 is overexpressed in ovarian cancer and associated with patients' survival. Interestingly, we further observed that the expression of IFI27 was associated with the expression of mesenchymal marker vimentin in ovarian cancer. Overexpression of IFI27 induces epithelial-mesenchymal transition and promotes epithelial ovarian cancer cells migration and invasion, tumorigenicity, stemness, and drug resistance. Moreover, overexpression of IFI27 is associated with loss of miR-502 in ovarian cancer. Reexpression of miR-502 inhibits IFI27-induced tumorigenicity, migration, and drug resistance. Conclusions: These data suggested that IFI27 may be a potential target for developing novel diagnosis strategies and therapeutic interventions."	0
"Title: MicroRNA miR-326 regulates TH-17 differentiation and is associated with the pathogenesis of multiple sclerosis. Abstract: Interleukin 17 (IL-17)-producing T helper cells (T(H)-17 cells) are increasingly recognized as key participants in various autoimmune diseases, including multiple sclerosis. Although sets of transcription factors and cytokines are known to regulate T(H)-17 differentiation, the role of noncoding RNA is poorly understood. Here we identify a T(H)-17 cell-associated microRNA, miR-326, whose expression was highly correlated with disease severity in patients with multiple sclerosis and mice with experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE). In vivo silencing of miR-326 resulted in fewer T(H)-17 cells and mild EAE, and its overexpression led to more T(H)-17 cells and severe EAE. We also found that miR-326 promoted T(H)-17 differentiation by targeting Ets-1, a negative regulator of T(H)-17 differentiation. Our data show a critical role for microRNA in T(H)-17 differentiation and the pathogenesis of multiple sclerosis."	0
"Title: IL-4 Up-Regulates MiR-21 and the MiRNAs Hosted in the CLCN5 Gene in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia. Abstract: Interleukin 4 (IL-4) induces B-cell differentiation and survival of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate mRNA and protein expression, and several miRNAs, deregulated in CLL, might play roles as oncogenes or tumor suppressors. We have studied the miRNA profile of CLL, and its response to IL-4, by oligonucleotide microarrays, resulting in the detection of a set of 129 mature miRNAs consistently expressed in CLL, which included 41 differentially expressed compared to normal B cells (NBC), and 6 significantly underexpressed in ZAP-70 positive patients. IL-4 stimulation brought about up-regulation of the 5p and 3p mature variants of the miR-21 gene, which maps immediately downstream to the VMP1 gene, and of the mature forms generated from the miR-362 (3p and 5p), miR-500a (3p), miR-502 (3p), and miR-532 (3p and 5p) genes, which map within the third intron of the CLCN5 gene. Both genes are in turn regulated by IL-4, suggesting that these miRNAs were regulated by IL-4 as passengers from their carrier genes. Their levels of up-regulation by IL-4 significantly correlated with cytoprotection. MiR-21 has been reported to be leukemogenic, associated to bad prognosis in CLL, and the miRNA more frequently overexpressed in human cancer. Up-regulation by IL-4 of miR-21 and the miRNAs hosted in the CLCN5 locus may contribute to evasion of apoptosis of CLL cells. These findings indicate that the IL-4 pathway and the miRNAs induced by IL-4 are promising targets for the development of novel therapies in CLL."	0
"Title: STAT3 induction of miR-146b forms a feedback loop to inhibit the NF-?B to IL-6 signaling axis and STAT3-driven cancer phenotypes. Abstract: Interleukin-6 (IL-6)-mediated activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) is a mechanism by which chronic inflammation can contribute to cancer and is a common oncogenic event. We discovered a pathway, the loss of which is associated with persistent STAT3 activation in human cancer. We found that the gene encoding the tumor suppressor microRNA miR-146b is a direct STAT3 target gene, and its expression was increased in normal breast epithelial cells but decreased in tumor cells. Methylation of the miR-146b promoter, which inhibited STAT3-mediated induction of expression, was increased in primary breast cancers. Moreover, we found that miR-146b inhibited nuclear factor ?B (NF-?B)-dependent production of IL-6, subsequent STAT3 activation, and IL-6/STAT3-driven migration and invasion in breast cancer cells, thereby establishing a negative feedback loop. In addition, higher expression of miR-146b was positively correlated with patient survival in breast cancer subtypes with increased IL6 expression and STAT3 phosphorylation. Our results identify an epigenetic mechanism of crosstalk between STAT3 and NF-?B relevant to constitutive STAT3 activation in malignancy and the role of inflammation in oncogenesis."	0
"Title: Intratumor heterogeneity and branched evolution revealed by multiregion sequencing. Abstract: Intratumor heterogeneity may foster tumor evolution and adaptation and hinder personalized-medicine strategies that depend on results from single tumor-biopsy samples. Methods: To examine intratumor heterogeneity, we performed exome sequencing, chromosome aberration analysis, and ploidy profiling on multiple spatially separated samples obtained from primary renal carcinomas and associated metastatic sites. We characterized the consequences of intratumor heterogeneity using immunohistochemical analysis, mutation functional analysis, and profiling of messenger RNA expression. Results: Phylogenetic reconstruction revealed branched evolutionary tumor growth, with 63 to 69% of all somatic mutations not detectable across every tumor region. Intratumor heterogeneity was observed for a mutation within an autoinhibitory domain of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) kinase, correlating with S6 and 4EBP phosphorylation in vivo and constitutive activation of mTOR kinase activity in vitro. Mutational intratumor heterogeneity was seen for multiple tumor-suppressor genes converging on loss of function; SETD2, PTEN, and KDM5C underwent multiple distinct and spatially separated inactivating mutations within a single tumor, suggesting convergent phenotypic evolution. Gene-expression signatures of good and poor prognosis were detected in different regions of the same tumor. Allelic composition and ploidy profiling analysis revealed extensive intratumor heterogeneity, with 26 of 30 tumor samples from four tumors harboring divergent allelic-imbalance profiles and with ploidy heterogeneity in two of four tumors. Conclusions: Intratumor heterogeneity can lead to underestimation of the tumor genomics landscape portrayed from single tumor-biopsy samples and may present major challenges to personalized-medicine and biomarker development. Intratumor heterogeneity, associated with heterogeneous protein function, may foster tumor adaptation and therapeutic failure through Darwinian selection. (Funded by the Medical Research Council and others.)."	0
"Title: The molecular mechanism of microRNA-145 to suppress invasion-metastasis cascade in gastric cancer. Abstract: Invasion and metastasis are the major features of malignant tumors that are responsible for 90% of cancer-related deaths. Recently, microRNAs have been discovered to have a role in suppressing tumor metastasis. This study's aim was to clarify the roles of miR-145 in gastric carcinomas and its underlying molecular mechanism in regulating tumor metastasis. Here, we demonstrate a stepwise downregulation of miR-145 level in nontumorous gastric mucosa, primary gastric cancers and their secondary metastases. In vitro analysis of miR-145's ectopic expression and loss-of-function suggests that it suppresses gastric cancer cell migration and invasion. In vivo spontaneous metastasis and experimental metastasis assay further confirm its function in suppressing the invasion-metastasis cascade, including impairing local invasion and inhibiting hematogenous metastasis in gastric cancers. Furthermore, we identified a novel mechanism of miR-145 to suppress metastasis. N-cadherin (CDH2) was proved to be a direct target of miR-145, using luciferase assay and western blot. Re-expressing N-cadherin in miR-145-transfected cells reverses their migration and invasion defects. Although not a direct target of miR-145, matrix metallopeptidase 9 (MMP9), but not MMP2, was also significantly decreased in miR-145-expressing cells. We suggest that miR-145 suppresses tumor metastasis by inhibiting N-cadherin protein translation, and then indirectly downregulates its downstream effector MMP9."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs as markers of progression in cervical cancer: a systematic review. Abstract: Invasive cervical cancer (ICC) is caused by high-risk human papillomavirus types (HR-HPVs) and is usually preceded by a long phase of intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN). Before invasion, (epi) genetic changes, potentially applicable as molecular markers within cervical screening, occur in HPV host cells. Epigenetic alterations, such as dysregulation of microRNA (miRNA) expression, are frequently observed in ICC. The mechanisms and role of miRNA dysregulation in cervical carcinogenesis are still largely unknown. Methods: We provide an overview of the studies investigating miRNA expression in relation to ICC progression, highlighting their common outcomes and their weaknesses/strengths. To achieve this, we systematically searched through Pubmed database all articles between January 2010 and December 2017. Results: From the 24 studies retrieved, miR-29a and miR-21 are the most frequently down- and up-regulated in ICC progression, respectively. Microarray-based studies show a small overlap, with miR-10a, miR-20b, miR-9, miR-16 and miR-106 found repeatedly dysregulated. miR-34a, miR-125 and miR-375 were also found dysregulated in cervical exfoliated cells in relation to cancer progression. Conclusions: The pivotal role of miRNAs in ICC progression and initial development is becoming more and more relevant. Available studies are essentially based on convenience material, entailing possible selection bias, and frequently of small size: all these points still represent a limitation to a wide comprehension of miRNAs relevant for ICC. The targeted approach instead of a genome-wide investigation still precludes the identification of all the relevant miRNAs in the process. The implementation of deep sequencing on large scale population-based studies will help to discover and validate the relation between altered miRNA expression and CC progression for the identification of biomarkers. Optimally, once explored on a miRNome scale, small specific miRNA signatures maybe used in the context of screening."	0
"Title: Hsa-miR-375 is differentially expressed during breast lobular neoplasia and promotes loss of mammary acinar polarity. Abstract: Invasive lobular carcinoma (ILC) of the breast, characterized by loss of E-cadherin expression, accounts for 5-15% of invasive breast cancers and it is believed to arise via a linear histological progression. Genomic studies have identified a clonal relationship between ILC and concurrent lobular carcinoma in situ (LCIS) lesions, suggesting that LCIS may be a precursor lesion. It has been shown that an LCIS diagnosis confers a 15-20% risk of progression to ILC over a lifetime. Currently no molecular test or markers can identify LCIS lesions likely to progress to ILC. Since microRNA (miRNA) expression changes have been detected in a number of other cancer types, we explored whether their dysregulation might be detected during progression from LCIS to ILC. Using the Illumina miRNA profiling platform, designed for simultaneous analysis of 470 mature miRNAs, we analysed the profiles of archived normal breast epithelium, LCIS lesions found alone, LCIS lesions concurrent with ILC, and the concurrent ILCs as a model of linear histological progression towards ILC. We identified two sets of differentially expressed miRNAs, the first set highly expressed in normal epithelium, including hsa-miR-224, -139, -10b, -450, 140, and -365, and the second set up-regulated during lobular neoplasia progression, including hsa-miR-375, -203, -425-5p, -183, -565, and -182. Using quantitative RT-PCR, we validated a trend of increasing expression for hsa-miR-375, hsa-miR-182, and hsa-miR-183 correlating with ILC progression. As we detected increased expression of hsa-miR-375 in LCIS lesions synchronous with ILC, we sought to determine whether hsa-miR-375 might induce phenotypes reminiscent of lobular neoplasia by expressing it in the MCF-10A 3D culture model of mammary acinar morphogenesis. Increased expression of hsa-miR-375 resulted in loss of cellular organization and acquisition of a hyperplastic phenotype. These data suggest that dysregulated miRNA expression contributes to lobular neoplastic progression."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs in breast cancer and healthy subjects. Abstract: It has been demonstrated that extracellular mRNA can be detected in the circulation. Our hypothesis was that circulating miRNAs are also present and differentially expressed in the serum of breast cancer patients compared to controls. Findings: We measured miRNA in the serum of samples with and without the addition of miRNA prior to analysis. To test our RNA extraction efficiency, we spiked-in serial dilutions of single-strand C elegens miR-39 (cel-miR-39) and human miR-145 (has-miR-145) into goat serum and a 10 year old human serum specimen. We next analyzed miR-16, -145, and -155 in archived serum specimens from 21 participants, 13 of whom did and 8 of whom did not have breast cancer. We were able to detect the miRNAs from all the serum samples to which the miRNAs had been added. We were also able to detect endogenous miR-16, -145, and -155 in all serum samples. While the expression of all three miRNAs was similar in samples from healthy women compared to those with breast cancer, women with progesterone receptor (PR, p = 0.016) positive tumors had higher miR-155 expression than tumors that were negative for these receptors. Conclusion: 1) RNA species can be detected in archived serum; 2) miR-155 may be differentially expressed in the serum of women with hormone sensitive compared to women with hormone insensitive breast cancer. Screening serum for miRNAs that predict the presence of breast cancer is feasible, and may be useful for breast cancer detection."	0
"Title: The Downregulation of MicroRNA-10b and its Role in Cervical Cancer. Abstract: It has been demonstrated that microRNAs (miRNAs) act as oncogenes or tumor suppressors in a variety of cancers. Our previous work suggested that miR-10a/b functioned as a tumor suppressor in gastric cancer, and miR-10b was also reported to be significantly downregulated in advanced stage cervical cancer tissues. However, the aberrant expression of miR-10b in cervical cancer and its possible role in cervical carcinogenesis was largely unknown. In this study, we investigated the expression of miR-10b in cervical cancer tissues, carcinoma in situ tissues, mild dysplasia, moderate dysplasia, severe dysplasia tissues, and normal controls. We found that miR-10b was significantly downregulated during cervical cancer progression, and the lower level of miR-10b in cervical cancer was significantly associated with a more aggressive tumor phenotype. Moreover, overexpression of miR-10b in cervical cancer cells could inhibit the cell proliferation and invasion, and the further mechanism study suggested that its role was possibly through directly targeting HOXA1. These results suggested that the downregulation of miR-10b and the resulting elevated HOXA1 level in cervical cancer tissues might play critical roles in cervical cancer progression."	0
"Title: MiR-23b targets cyclin G1 and suppresses ovarian cancer tumorigenesis and progression. Abstract: It has been proposed that cyclin G1 (CCNG1) participates in p53-dependent G1-S and G2 checkpoints and might function as an oncogenic protein in the initiation and metastasis of ovarian carcinoma. MicroRNA 23b (miR-23b) is a critical regulatory factor in the progression of many cancer cell types that targets the relevant genes. Methods: MiR-23b expression in ovarian tissues was quantified by quantitative reverse transcription-PCR. The ovarian cancer cell lines OVCAR3, HO8910-PM, and SKOV3/DDP were transfected with miR-23b, after we assayed the cell phenotype and expression of the relevant molecules. Dual-luciferase reporter assay and a xenograft mouse model were used to examine the expression of miR-23b and its target gene CCNG1. Results: MIR23B mRNA expression was significantly lower in epithelial ovarian carcinoma and borderline tumors than in normal ovarian tissues and benign tumors, and miR-23b expression among ages and pathological subtypes was significantly different. CCNG1 mRNA expression was significantly lower in normal ovarian tissues than in benign tumors, borderline tumors, and ovarian carcinomas, and expression among pathological subtypes was significantly different. MiR-23b overexpression inhibited ovarian cancer cell proliferation, invasion, and migration, and induced apoptosis. Dual-luciferase reporter assay showed that miR-23b bound with the 3' untranslated region of CCNG1. MiR-23b overexpression significantly downregulated CCNG1, urokinase, survivin, Bcl-xL, P70S6K, and matrix metallopeptidase-9 (MMP9) mRNA and protein expression. Furthermore, miR-23b inhibited tumor growth and suppressed CCNG1 expression in vitro. Conclusions: Our findings show that miR-23b may inhibit ovarian cancer tumorigenesis and progression by downregulating CCNG1 and the expression of the relevant genes. MiR-23b is a potentially novel application for regulating ovarian carcinoma progression."	0
"Title: MiR-142 inhibits the development of cervical cancer by targeting HMGB1. Abstract: It has been reported that miRNAs is deregulated in diverse human cancers, involving human cervical cancer. However, the clinical significances and potential mechanisms of miR-142 in the development and progression of cervical cancer were not elucidated completely till now. In this study, we found that the expression of miR- 142 was obviously down-regulated in human cervical cancer tissues and a panel of cell lines. According to statistics, the expression of miR-142 was negatively related to advanced FIGO stage and lymphatic metastasis (p < 0.001). Furthermore, our functional analysis revealed the overexpression of miR-142 affected cell proliferation and invasiveness, and enhanced cell apoptosis in representative SiHa and HeLa cells. Based on the molecular level, our findings showed the 3' untranslated region (3'-UTR) of high-mobility group box 1 protein (HMGB1) was a direct target of miR-142, and determined an inverse correlation with the expression of miR-142. Ectopic expression of HMGB1 could attenuate the inhibitory impact of miR-142 on the proliferation and invasiveness of cervical cancer cells. In conclusion, the present work suggested that miR-142 affects cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasiveness, and enhances cell apoptosis via directly targeting the expression of HMGB1, and these findings may lay a novel foundation for the promising therapy target of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-524-5p suppresses the growth of oncogenic BRAF melanoma by targeting BRAF and ERK2. Abstract: It has been well documented that miRNAs can modulate the effectiveness of cancer-associated signaling pathways. Mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK/ERK) signaling plays an essential role in the progression of many cancers, including melanoma and colon cancers. However, no single miRNA is reported to directly target multiple components of the MAPK/ERK pathway. We performed a miRNA PCR array screening with various MAPK/ERK signaling activities. The miRNA array data revealed that the expression of miR-524-5p was decreased in cells with an active MAPK/ERK pathway and confirmed that the expression of miR-524-5p is inversely associated with the activity of the MAPK/ERK pathway. We demonstrated that miR-524-5p directly binds to the 3'-untranslated regions of both BRAFandERK2 and suppresses the expression of these proteins. Because BRAF and ERK2 are the main components of MAPK signaling, the overexpression of miR-524-5p effectively inhibits MAPK/ERK signaling, tumor proliferation, and melanoma cell migration. Moreover, tumors overexpressing miR-524-5p were significantly smaller than those of the negative control mice. Our findings provide new insight into the role of miR-524-5p as an important miRNA that negatively regulates the MAPK/ERK signaling pathway, suggesting that miR-524-5p could be a potent therapeutic candidate for melanoma treatment."	0
"Title: miRNA regulates noncoding RNA: a noncanonical function model. Abstract: It has long been assumed that miRNAs can only target protein-coding mRNAs in the cytoplasm. Recent studies, however, reveal miRNAs are also transported from the cytoplasm to the nucleus, where they function in a noncanonical manner to regulate noncoding RNAs. Here, we highlight the working model of these noncanonical miRNAs."	0
"Title: Causes and consequences of microRNA dysregulation. Abstract: It is currently well recognized that microRNA deregulation is a hallmark of human cancer, and an aberrant expression of these tiny regulatory RNA molecules in several cell types is not just a random association, but it also plays a causal role in different steps of the tumorigenic process, from the initiation and development to progression toward the acquisition of a metastatic phenotype. Different regulatory mechanisms can control microRNA expression at a genetic or epigenetic level as well as involve the biogenesis machinery or the recruitment of specific transcription factors. The tumorigenic process implies a substantial alteration of these mechanisms, thus disrupting the equilibrium within the cell and leading to a global change in microRNA expression, with loss of oncosuppressor microRNAs and overexpression of oncomiRNAs. We review the main mechanisms regulating microRNAs and the consequences of their aberrant expression in cancer, with a glance at the possible implications at a clinical point of view."	0
"Title: MicroRNA markers for the diagnosis of pancreatic and biliary-tract cancers. Abstract: It is difficult to detect pancreatic cancer or biliary-tract cancer at an early stage using current diagnostic technology. Utilizing microRNA (miRNA) markers that are stably present in peripheral blood, we aimed to identify pancreatic and biliary-tract cancers in patients. With ""3D-Gene"", a highly sensitive microarray, we examined comprehensive miRNA expression profiles in 571 serum samples obtained from healthy patients, patients with pancreatic, biliary-tract, or other digestive cancers, and patients with non-malignant abnormalities in the pancreas or biliary tract. The samples were randomly divided into training and test cohorts, and candidate miRNA markers were independently evaluated. We found 81 miRNAs for pancreatic cancer and 66 miRNAs for biliary-tract cancer that showed statistically different expression compared with healthy controls. Among those markers, 55 miRNAs were common in both the pancreatic and biliary-tract cancer samples. The previously reported miR-125a-3p was one of the common markers; however, it was also expressed in other types of digestive-tract cancers, suggesting that it is not specific to cancer types. In order to discriminate the pancreato-biliary cancers from all other clinical conditions including the healthy controls, non-malignant abnormalities, and other types of cancers, we developed a diagnostic index using expression profiles of the 10 most significant miRNAs. A combination of eight miRNAs (miR-6075, miR-4294, miR-6880-5p, miR-6799-5p, miR-125a-3p, miR-4530, miR-6836-3p, and miR-4476) achieved a sensitivity, specificity, accuracy and AUC of 80.3%, 97.6%, 91.6% and 0.953, respectively. In contrast, CA19-9 and CEA gave sensitivities of 65.6% and 40.0%, specificities of 92.9% and 88.6%, and accuracies of 82.1% and 71.8%, respectively, in the same test cohort. This diagnostic index identified 18/21 operable pancreatic cancers and 38/48 operable biliary-tract cancers in the entire cohort. Our results suggest that the assessment of these miRNA markers is clinically valuable to identify patients with pancreato-biliary cancers who could benefit from surgical intervention."	0
"Title: microRNA-203 suppresses bladder cancer development by repressing bcl-w expression. Abstract: It is increasingly clear that microRNAs (miRNAs) play an important role in many diseases, including tumorigenesis. However, the mechanisms by which miRNAs regulate bladder cancer development remain poorly understood. Here, we evaluated the expression of microRNA-203 (miR-203) in bladder cancer tissues using real-time PCR, and defined the target genes and biologically functional effect using luciferase reporter assay, flow cytometry and western blot analysis. We first verified that the expression of miR-203 was decreased in bladder cancer tissues. Moreover, ectopic expression of miR-203 promoted the apoptosis of human bladder cancer cell lines and inhibited cell proliferation, whereas its depletion increased cell growth. We further verified that miR-203 directly targeted 3'-untranslated region of the bcl-w gene, and decreased its expression in vitro and in vivo. Western blot analysis also showed that the expression level of miR-203 was negatively correlated with bcl-w level in tumor tissues. These data suggest an important role for miR-203 in the molecular etiology of bladder cancer and implicate the potential application of miR-203 in bladder cancer therapy."	0
"Title: [Hypermethylation of miR-107, miR-130b, miR-203a, miR-1258 Genes Associated with Ovarian Cancer Development and Metastasis]. Abstract: It is known that microRNAs (miRNAs) are able to dynamically regulate gene expression. At the same time, methylation can reduce expression of miRNA encoding genes and, therefore, reduce their inhibitory effects on mRNAs of target genes, including those of oncogenes, that promoting the development of tumors of different localization. The role of miRNA hypermethylation in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer is not completely understood; so we conducted a search for new hypermethylated and potentially suppressor miRNA genes in ovarian tumors. Four new miRNA genes (MIR-107, MIR-130b, MIR-203a, MIR-1258) commonly hypermethylated (28-52%) in tumor tissues vs 4-7% in paired histologically normal tissues, p < 0.01, were identified in a representative set of 54 ovarian cancer samples using methylation-specific PCR. It was shown that hypermethylation of MIR-130b, MIR-203a, and MIR-1258 genes is significantly (p < 0.05) associated with metastasis of ovarian cancer. These results suggest the involvement of four miRNAs (miR-107, miR-130b, miR-203a, and miR-1258) and hypermethylation of their encoding genes in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA binding sites in the coding region of mRNAs: extending the repertoire of post-transcriptional gene regulation. Abstract: It is well established that microRNAs (miRNAs) induce mRNA degradation by binding to 3' untranslated regions (UTRs). The functionality of sites in the coding domain sequence (CDS), on the other hand, remains under discussion. Such sites have limited impact on target mRNA abundance and recent work suggests that miRNAs bind in the CDS to inhibit translation. What then could be the regulatory benefits of translation inhibition through CDS targeting compared to mRNA degradation following 3' UTR binding? We propose that these domain-dependent effects serve to diversify the functional repertoire of post-transcriptional gene expression control. Possible regulatory benefits may include tuning the time-scale and magnitude of post-transcriptional regulation, regulating protein abundance depending on or independently of the cellular state, and regulation of the protein abundance of alternative splice variants. Finally, we review emerging evidence that these ideas may generalize to RNA-binding proteins beyond miRNAs and Argonaute proteins."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs miR-17 and miR-20a inhibit T cell activation genes and are under-expressed in MS whole blood. Abstract: It is well established that Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is an immune mediated disease. Little is known about what drives the differential control of the immune system in MS patients compared to unaffected individuals. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding nucleic acids that are involved in the control of gene expression. Their potential role in T cell activation and neurodegenerative disease has recently been recognised and they are therefore excellent candidates for further studies in MS. We investigated the transcriptome of currently known miRNAs using miRNA microarray analysis in peripheral blood samples of 59 treatment naïve MS patients and 37 controls. Of these 59, 18 had a primary progressive, 17 a secondary progressive and 24 a relapsing remitting disease course. In all MS subtypes miR-17 and miR-20a were significantly under-expressed in MS, confirmed by RT-PCR. We demonstrate that these miRNAs modulate T cell activation genes in a knock-in and knock-down T cell model. The same T cell activation genes are also up-regulated in MS whole blood mRNA, suggesting these miRNAs or their analogues may provide useful targets for new therapeutic approaches."	0
"Title: miR-522 facilitates the prosperities of endometrial carcinoma cells by directly binding to monoamine oxidase B. Abstract: It is well known that microRNAs (miRNAs) are crucial regulatory factors in tumorigenesis, as tumor suppressors or cancer-promoting factors. However, the study of endometrial carcinoma relevance in miR-522 is rare, indicating an undefined molecular mechanism for its role. Therefore, we performed this study to examine the role of miR-522 on the biological behaviors of endometrial carcinoma. In this work, we found that miR-522 was highly expressed in endometrial carcinoma and negatively regulated monoamine oxidase B (MAOB) expression. They also have the opposite effect on prognosis of endometrial carcinoma patients. More importantly, miR-522 could decreased MAOB expression by binding to MAOB with a putative site, thereby promoting cell proliferation, migration, and invasion through in vitro functional analyses, including MTT assay, wound-healing and transwell invasion experiments. Upregulation of MAOB rescued the impacts of miR-522 mimic on cell behaviors. In conclusion, our observations demonstrated that miR-522 accelerated the progression of endometrial carcinoma by inhibiting MAOB, which might lead to a novel therapeutic therapy for endometrial carcinoma."	0
"Title: Transcriptional and epigenetic regulation of KIF14 overexpression in ovarian cancer. Abstract: KIF14 (kinesin family member 14) is a mitotic kinesin and an important oncogene in several cancers. Tumor KIF14 expression levels are independently predictive of poor outcome, and in cancer cells KIF14 can modulate metastatic behavior by maintaining appropriate levels of cell adhesion and migration proteins at the cell membrane. Thus KIF14 is an exciting potential therapeutic target. Understanding KIF14's regulation in cancer cells is crucial to the development of effective and selective therapies to block its tumorigenic function(s). We previously determined that close to 30% of serous ovarian cancers (OvCa tumors) exhibit low-level genomic gain, indicating one mechanism of KIF14 overexpression in tumors. We now report on transcriptional and epigenetic regulation of KIF14. Through promoter deletion analyses, we identified one cis-regulatory region containing binding sites for Sp1, HSF1 and YY1. siRNA-mediated knockdown of these transcription factors demonstrated endogenous regulation of KIF14 overexpression by Sp1 and YY1, but not HSF1. ChIP experiments confirmed an enrichment of both Sp1 and YY1 binding to the endogenous KIF14 promoter in OvCa cell lines with high KIF14 expression. A strong correlation was seen in primary serous OvCa tumors between Sp1, YY1 and KIF14 expression, further evidence that these transcription factors are important players in KIF14 overexpression. Hypomethylation patterns were observed in primary serous OvCa tumors, suggesting a minor role for promoter methylation in the control of KIF14 gene expression. miRNA expression analysis determined that miR-93, miR-144 and miR-382 had significantly lower levels of expression in primary serous OvCa tumors than normal tissues; treatment of an OvCa cell line with miRNA mimics and inhibitors specifically modulated KIF14 mRNA levels, pointing to potential novel mechanisms of KIF14 overexpression in primary tumors. Our findings reveal multiple mechanisms of KIF14 upregulation in cancer cells, offering new targets for therapeutic interventions to reduce KIF14 in tumors, aiming at improved prognosis."	0
"Title: A gold nanoparticle platform for the delivery of functional microRNAs into cancer cells. Abstract: Lack of affordable technologies for delivering microRNAs and siRNAs into cells on a large scale has hindered our efforts to rapidly parse through hundreds of dysregulated genes/microRNAs in order to identify drivers of complex diseases. The instability and polyanionic nature of naked microRNAs impede efficient cellular uptake and reduce half-life. Viral delivery requires cloning, microRNA mimics/inhibitors require costly modifications, and both require toxic lipofection or electroporation. To address these challenges, we developed a robust method for delivering unmodified microRNAs into cells on cysteamine-functionalized gold nanoparticles (AuNPs). We validated our method in two different tumor models and found that the best formulation of miR(1)-AuNP(10)-S-PEG(0.5) had the highest payload (10-20 fold higher than lipofection), lowest toxicity (98% of cell viability following treatment), efficient uptake (96% of cells took it), fastest endosomal escape and increased half-lives (at least 5 days) impacting cell proliferation and patterns of target gene expression."	0
"Title: The effects of lanthanum chloride on proliferation and apoptosis of cervical cancer cells: involvement of let-7a and miR-34a microRNAs. Abstract: Lanthanide elements have been documented to possess various biologic effects, and their compounds have been studied intensely for their anti-cancer potential. However, the underlying mechanisms remain largely unknown. In the present study, we propose that the levels of proliferation and apoptosis related microRNAs (miRNAs), let-7a and miR-34a, which mediate the apoptosis of cervical cancer cells, can be affected by the lanthanum ion. Our data showed that LaCl3 inhibited the proliferation and induced the apoptosis of cervical cancer cells both in vivo and in vitro by regulating let-7a, miR-34a and their downstream genes. This study provides novel evidence demonstrating that the anticancer mechanism of lanthanum chloride is partially attributed to miRNAs regulation and establishes an experimental basis for the clinical application of lanthanum chloride as an anti-cancer drug."	0
"Title: Promoter Methylation-Regulated miR-145-5p Inhibits Laryngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma Progression by Targeting FSCN1. Abstract: Laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC) is a common form of head and neck cancer with poor prognosis. However, the mechanism underlying the pathogenesis of LSCC remains unclear. Here, we demonstrated increased expression of fascin actin-bundling protein 1 (FSCN1) and decreased expression of microRNA-145-5p (miR-145-5p) in a clinical cohort of LSCC. Luciferase assay revealed that miR-145-5p is a negative regulator of FSCN1. Importantly, low miR-145-5p expression was correlated with TNM (tumor, node, metastasis) status and metastasis. Moreover, cases with low miR-145-5p/high FSCN1 expression showed poor prognosis, and these characteristics together served as independent prognostic indicators of survival. Gain- and loss-of-function studies showed that miR-145-5p overexpression or FSCN1 knockdown inhibited LSCC migration, invasion, and growth by suppressing the epithelial-mesenchymal transition along with inducing cell-cycle arrest and apoptosis. Additionally, hypermethylation of the miR-145-5p promoter suggested that repression of miR-145-5p arises through epigenetic inactivation. LSCC tumor growth in vivo could be inhibited by using miR-145-5p agomir or FSCN1 small interfering RNA (siRNA), which highlights the potential for clinical translation. Collectively, our findings indicate that miR-145-5p plays critical roles in inhibiting the progression of LSCC by suppressing FSCN1. Both miR-145-5p and FSCN1 are important potential prognostic markers and therapeutic targets for LSCC."	0
"Title: Prognostic significance of let-7b expression in breast cancer and correlation to its target gene of BSG expression. Abstract: Let-7 microRNAs (miRNAs) are found in a wide range of species, and alterations of let-7 miRNA family member expression levels in humans are associated with various types of cancer. However, few researchers have reported alterations in let-7b levels in breast cancer (BC). Specifically, the use of altered let-7 expression as a prognostic biomarker is of particular interest and significance. The aim of this study was to investigate whether let-7b could be used as a biomarker of tumor progression and patient prognosis in BC and to determine the target gene of let-7b. We retrospectively analyzed the clinical pathological characteristics of 80 BC. We utilized digoxigenin-labeled locked nucleic acid-miRNA probes to detect let-7b expression in 80 BC and 22 benign breast disease (BBD) histologic specimens by in situ hybridization, and also detect the expression of BSG-a potential target gene of let-7b-by immunohistochemistry. We observed that the levels of let-7b expression in BBD were higher than in BC specimens (P < 0.05), indicating that let-7b could inhibit growth and facilitate differentiation of BBD. Also, loss of let-7b expression on BC tissue specimens raised the possibility that let-7b could play a crucial role in the pathogenesis of BC. Furthermore, let-7b expression in breast cancer patients was inversely associated with tumor lymph node metastasis (P = 0.001), patient overall survival (P = 0.027), relapse-free survival (P = 0.016), and BSG protein expression (P = 0.001). Breast cancer patients with low let-7b expression had poor prognoses, indicating let-7b might act as cancer suppressor gene in BC development and progression by inhibiting the expression of BSG."	0
"Title: LIN28B promotes colon cancer progression and metastasis. Abstract: LIN28B is a homologue of LIN28 that induces pluripotency when expressed in conjunction with OCT4, SOX2, and KLF4 in somatic fibroblasts. LIN28B represses biogenesis of let-7 microRNAs and is implicated in both development and tumorigenesis. Recently, we have determined that LIN28B overexpression occurs in colon tumors. We conducted a comprehensive analysis of LIN28B protein expression in human colon adenocarcinomas. We found that LIN28B overexpression correlates with reduced patient survival and increased probability of tumor recurrence. To elucidate tumorigenic functions of LIN28B, we constitutively expressed LIN28B in colon cancer cells and evaluated tumor formation in vivo. Tumors with constitutive LIN28B expression exhibit increased expression of colonic stem cell markers LGR5 and PROM1, mucinous differentiation, and metastasis. Together, our findings point to a function for LIN28B in promoting colon tumor pathogenesis, especially metastasis."	0
"Title: The lin-4 regulatory RNA controls developmental timing in Caenorhabditis elegans by blocking LIN-14 protein synthesis after the initiation of translation. Abstract: lin-4 encodes a small RNA that is complementary to sequences in the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of lin-14 mRNA and that acts to developmentally repress the accumulation of LIN-14 protein. This repression is essential for the proper timing of numerous events of Caenorhabditis elegans larval development. We have investigated the mechanism of lin-4 RNA action by examining the fate of lin-14 mRNA in vivo during the time that lin-4 RNA is expressed. Our results indicate that the rate of synthesis of lin-14 mRNA, its state of polyadenylation, its abundance in the cytoplasmic fraction, and its polysomal sedimentation profile do not change in response to the accumulation of lin-4 RNA. Our results indicate that association of lin-4 RNA with the 3' UTR of lin-14 mRNA permits normal biogenesis of lin-14 mRNA, and normal translational initiation, but inhibits step(s) thereafter, such as translational elongation and/or the release of stable LIN-14 protein."	0
"Title: The C. elegans heterochronic gene lin-4 encodes small RNAs with antisense complementarity to lin-14. Abstract: lin-4 is essential for the normal temporal control of diverse postembryonic developmental events in C. elegans. lin-4 acts by negatively regulating the level of LIN-14 protein, creating a temporal decrease in LIN-14 protein starting in the first larval stage (L1). We have cloned the C. elegans lin-4 locus by chromosomal walking and transformation rescue. We used the C. elegans clone to isolate the gene from three other Caenorhabditis species; all four Caenorhabditis clones functionally rescue the lin-4 null allele of C. elegans. Comparison of the lin-4 genomic sequence from these four species and site-directed mutagenesis of potential open reading frames indicated that lin-4 does not encode a protein. Two small lin-4 transcripts of approximately 22 and 61 nt were identified in C. elegans and found to contain sequences complementary to a repeated sequence element in the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of lin-14 mRNA, suggesting that lin-4 regulates lin-14 translation via an antisense RNA-RNA interaction."	0
"Title: A LINE-1-encoded reverse transcriptase-dependent regulatory mechanism is active in embryogenesis and tumorigenesis. Abstract: LINE-1 (long interspersed nuclear elements) retrotransposons constitute a large family of retrotransposable elements, accounting for 17% of the human genome. They encode proteins required for their own mobilization, including a reverse transcriptase (RT) enzyme highly expressed in mouse embryos and mouse and human cancer cells and repressed in somatic differentiated healthy cells. We have found that reverse transcription takes place in early murine embryos, yielding an increase in LINE-1 copy number during preimplantation development, which also occurs in tumor progression. RT inhibition irreversibly arrests embryo development, reduces cancer cell proliferation, promotes differentiation, antagonizes tumor growth, and causes a global reprogramming of transcription profiles. These results strongly suggest that a previously unrecognized RT-dependent regulatory mechanism operates during preimplantation development, is repressed during differentiation to normal tissues, and, when erroneously reactivated in adult life, promotes cell transformation and cancer progression by ""resurrecting"" embryonic transcriptional pathways. The RT-dependent mechanism emerges as a major source of genetic and epigenetic changes with physiological, pathological, and evolutionary implications."	0
"Title: Epidermal growth factor-dependent phosphorylation of lipocortin. Abstract: Lipocortin-like proteins are a family of steroid-induced inhibitors of phospholipase activity with potential anti-inflammatory activity. Related proteins have been detected in a variety of tissues and species. The best characterized form is a protein of relative molecular mass (Mr) approximately 40,000 (40K), which is phosphorylated in vivo by protein tyrosine kinases and by protein serine-threonine kinases. It has been proposed that the phospholipase inhibitory activity of lipocortin can be regulated by its phosphorylation. In the A431 cell line, a protein of approximately 35K is phosphorylated by the protein tyrosine kinase activity of the epidermal growth factor (EGF) receptor. Here we report that human lipocortin is phosphorylated near its amino terminus by the EGF receptor/kinase. By peptide mapping and immunological analyses, we show that lipocortin and the endogenous 35K substrate for the EGF receptor/kinase from A431 cells are the same protein."	0
"Title: Long noncoding RNA HOTAIR mediates the estrogen-induced metastasis of endometrial cancer cells via the miR-646/NPM1 axis. Abstract: LncRNA homeobox (HOX) transcript antisense intergenic RNA (HOTAIR) has been confirmed to be involved in the tumorigenic progression of endometrial carcinoma (EC). However, the molecular mechanisms of HOTAIR in EC are not fully elucidated. The expression of HOTAIR and miR-646 in human EC tissues was determined by qRT-PCR. The effect of miR-646 on EC cells was assessed by the cell viability, migration, and invasion using CCK-8 assays and transwell assays. RNA-binding protein immunoprecipitation assays and RNA pull-down assays were performed to explore the interaction between HOTAIR and miR-646. The regulation of miR-646 on nucleophosmin 1 (NPM1) was tested using luciferase reporter assays. MiR-646 expression was significantly decreased both in human EC tissues ( n = 23) and cell lines (Ishikawa and HEC-1-A) compared with the control. Moreover, miR-646 expression was negatively related to HOTAIR in human EC tissues ( n = 23). Our results also showed that miR-646 overexpression considerably attenuated the E2-promoted viability, migration, and invasion of Ishikawa and HEC-1-A cells in vitro. In addition, HOTAIR was confirmed to regulate the viability, migration, and invasion of EC cells through negative regulating miR-646. More importantly, we also demonstrated that NPM1 was the target of miR-646, and HOTAIR promoted NPM1 expression through interacting with miR-646 in EC cells. Taken together, our findings presented that HOTAIR could regulate NPM1 via interacting with miR-646, thereby governing the viability, migration, and invasion of EC cells."	0
"Title: A novel biomarker Linc00974 interacting with KRT19 promotes proliferation and metastasis in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Location-associated long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) was reported to interact with target protein via a cis-regulatory process especially for the Flank10kb class lncRNA. Based on this theory, we aimed to explore the regulatory mechanisms of Linc00974 and KRT19 (an lncRNA beyond the Flank10kb class with protein) when we first confirmed the aberrant expression in hepatocellular carcinoma in a previous study. Knockdown of Linc00974 resulted in an inhibition of cell proliferation and invasion with an activation of apoptosis and cell cycle arrest in vitro, which was also validated by a subcutaneous and tail vein/intraperitoneal injection xenotransplantation model in vivo. We further investigated the interaction pattern of Linc00974 and KRT19. MiR-642 was identified, by acting as the competing endogenous RNA in regulating Linc00974 and KRT19. Linc00974 was increased owing to an abnormal hypomethylation promoter, which induced the upregulation of KRT19 via ceRNA interaction, resulting in the activation of the Notch and TGF-? pathways as detected by cDNA microarray. We also discovered Linc00974F-1 stably expressed in the plasma. By the combined analysis of Linc00974F-1 with CYFRA21-1, we found that these joint indicators predicted growth and metastasis of tumor in HCC patients. In conclusion, the combination of Linc00974 and KRT19 may be novel indices for clinical diagnosis of tumor growth and metastasis in HCC, while Linc00974 may become a potential therapeutic target for the prevention of HCC progression."	0
"Title: LNA (locked nucleic acid): high-affinity targeting of complementary RNA and DNA. Abstract: Locked nucleic acid (LNA) is a nucleic acid analogue containing one or more LNA nucleotide monomers with a bicyclic furanose unit locked in an RNA mimicking sugar conformation. LNA oligonucleotides display unprecedented hybridization affinity toward complementary single-stranded RNA and complementary single- or double-stranded DNA. Structural studies have shown that LNA oligonucleotides induce A-type (RNA-like) duplex conformations. The wide applicability of LNA oligonucleotides for gene silencing and their use for research and diagnostic purposes are documented in a number of recent reports, some of which are described herein."	0
"Title: LncRNA NOC2L-4.1 functions as a tumor oncogene in cervical cancer progression by regulating the miR-630/YAP1 pathway. Abstract: Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) is a new class of noncoding RNA playing an indispensable role in different diseases by regulating miRNA. Our previous studies have suggested that miR-630 was decreased in patients with cervical cancer. Recently, studies have shown that lncRNA NOC2L-4.1 was abnormally expressed in patients with cervical cancer and can target miR-630. Therefore, we wanted to identify the integrated relationship between lncRNA NOC2L-4.1 and miR-630 in the pathological processes regarding cervical cancer either in vitro or in vivo. Quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction detection shows that compared with human normal cervical epithelial cell, the expression of lncRNA NOC2L-4.1 was significantly increased and the expression of miR-630 was decreased in cell lines of cervical cancer. Moreover, luciferase reporter assay showed that miR-630 was a target of lncRNA NOC2L-4.1. The in vitro study found that downregulation of lncRNA NOC2L-4.1 suppressed cervical cancer cell migration (transwell assays) and proliferation (cell counting kit-8 and cloning formation assays). miR-630 specific inhibitor treatment reversed the inhibitory effect of lncRNA NOC2L-4.1 on cell proliferation and migration. Further studies also found that yes-associated protein 1 (YAP1) was the target of miR-630. Overexpression YAP1 suppressed miR-630 overexpression induced cell proliferation and inhibition of migration. Tumors induced by implantation of lncRNA NOC2L-4.1-knockdown Hela cells in nude mice showed that lncRNA NOC2L-4.1 silencing decreased the growth of tumors in both volume and weight by regulation of miR-630/YAP1. Taken together, our study reveals the important role of lncRNA NOC2L-4.1/miR-630/YAP1 regulatory network in cervical cancer, which provides new insights concerning the pathogenesis of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Long Noncoding RNA Taurine-Upregulated Gene 1 Promotes Cell Proliferation and Invasion in Gastric Cancer via Negatively Modulating miRNA-145-5p. Abstract: Long noncoding RNA (lncRNA) taurine-upregulated gene 1 (TUG1) is involved in the development and carcinogenesis of various tumors, suggesting the diagnostic potential of TUG1 in these cancers. However, the exact role of TUG1 and its underlying mechanism in gastric cancer (GC) remain unknown. In this study, the expression of TUG1 and miR-145-5p in GC cell lines and nonmalignant gastric epithelial cell lines was detected by qRT-PCR. BGC-823 and SGC-7901 cells were transfected with si-TUG1, pcDNA 3.1-TUG1, miR-145-5p mimics, or matched controls. The biological function of TUG1 and miR-145-5p in GC cell proliferation and invasion in vitro and tumor growth in vivo was investigated by MTT assay, Transwell invasion assay, and tumor xenograft experiments. The regulating relationship between TUG1 and miR-145-5 was confirmed by luciferase reporter assay. The results showed that TUG1 was significantly overexpressed and miR-145-5p was dramatically downregulated in GC cell lines. TUG1 knockdown strikingly inhibited cell proliferation and invasion in vitro and markedly suppressed tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore, TUG1 could directly bind to miR-145-5p and repress miR-145-5p expression. TUG1 overexpression significantly relieved the inhibition on GC cell proliferation and invasion in vitro and tumor growth in vivo, mediated by miR-145-5p overexpression. In conclusion, TUG1 promotes cell proliferation and invasion in GC via negatively modulating miRNA-145-5p, which undoubtedly contributes to understanding the mechanism of GC occurrence and development."	0
"Title: Silencing of long non-coding RNA NCK1-AS1 inhibits cell proliferation and migration via inhibition of microRNA-134 in cervical cancer. Abstract: Long non-coding RNA NCK1-antisense 1 (AS1) has recently been demonstrated to promote cell proliferation and induce cell cycle progression through the crosstalk NCK1-AS1/microRNA (miR)-6857/cyclin dependent kinase 1 pathway in cervical cancer. However, the regulatory mechanism of NCK1-AS1 in cervical cancer growth and metastasis remains largely unclear. In the present study, it was identified that NCK1-AS1 was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer tissues compared with the levels in adjacent non-tumour tissues. High expression levels of NCK1-AS1 were associated with tumour progression and poor prognosis in patients with cervical cancer. Silencing of NCK1-AS1 expression significantly decreased the levels of proliferation and migration of cervical cancer cells, and decreased the protein expression levels of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-2 and MMP-9. The results of the luciferase reporter gene assay indicated that there was an miR-134 binding site within the NCK1-AS1 gene in cervical cancer cells. miR-134 was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer tissues compared with the miR-134 levels in adjacent non-tumour tissues, and the expression level of miR-134 was inversely correlated with the NCK1-AS1 expression levels in cervical cancer tissues. Knockdown of miR-134 attenuated the inhibitory effects of NCK1-AS1 downregulation on the proliferation and migration of cervical cancer cells. Therefore, the data from the present study suggested that NCK1-AS1 serves a promotive role in cervical cancer cell proliferation and migration by functioning as a molecular sponge for miR-134. NCK1-AS1 may become a novel therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Aberrant DNA hypermethylation-silenced SOX21-AS1 gene expression and its clinical importance in oral cancer. Abstract: Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are more than 200 nucleotides in length and lack transcriptional ability. The biological function of lncRNAs in oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to identify the dysfunction of lncRNA in OSCC. Results: We analyzed the transcriptome profiles of human OSCC tissues and paired adjacent normal tissues from two patients through a next-generation sequencing approach. A total of 14 lncRNAs were upregulated (fold change ?3) and 13 were downregulated (fold change ?-3) in OSCC tissues compared with the adjacent normal tissues. SOX21-AS1 was subjected to further analysis, revealing that the expression levels of SOX21-AS1 significantly decreased in OSCC compared with the adjacent normal tissue. The promoter activity of SOX21-AS1 was obviously suppressed by in vitro methylation. The DNA methylation status of the SOX21-AS1 promoter was analyzed using combined bisulfite restriction analysis, revealing that the aberrant promoter hypermethylation of SOX21-AS1 was observed frequently in OSCC tissues. The effects of SOX21-AS1 on cell proliferation and invasion were examined through transient transfection. Our data showed that SOX21-AS1 could significantly suppress oral cancer cell growth and invasion. Furthermore, the low expression level of SOX21-AS1 was significantly correlated with an advanced stage ( P = 0.047), large tumor size ( P = 0.033), and poor disease-specific survival in OSCC patients ( P = 0.002). Conclusions: SOX21-AS1 was identified as susceptible dysfunction correlated with promoter hypermethylation in OSCC. Low SOX21-AS1 expression may be an adverse prognostic biomarker for OSCC."	0
"Title: Long noncoding RNAs and prostate carcinogenesis: the missing 'linc'?. Abstract: Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) are rapidly becoming essential pieces in the cancer puzzle. Our understanding of their functional capabilities is in its infancy. One certain fact, however, is that their molecular interactions extend beyond chromatin complexes into diverse biological processes. In prostate cancer, aberrant expression of lncRNAs is associated with disease progression. Overexpression of oncogenic lncRNAs promotes tumor-cell proliferation and metastasis through chromatin looping and distal engagement with the androgen receptor, antisense gene regulation, alternative splicing, and impeding DNA repair. Several lncRNAs, such as prostate cancer antigen 3 (PCA3), prostate cancer gene expression marker 1 (PCGEM1), and prostate cancer associated ncRNA transcript 1 (PCAT1), are highly prostate-specific, posing as attractive biomarkers. Herein we review the mechanisms of action of lncRNAs in prostate carcinogenesis and their potential clinical utility for disease."	0
"Title: Long non-coding RNA MIR205HG function as a ceRNA to accelerate tumor growth and progression via sponging miR-122-5p in cervical cancer. Abstract: Long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) have been associated with cervical cancer (CC), but molecular mechanisms behind the specific correlation with cervical carcinogenesis have not been fully understood. In this study, the expression level of lncRNA MIR205HG in CC cells was determined by qRT-PCR. In vitro functional assays (CCK-8 assay, EdU incorporation assay, apoptotic assays, Transwell assay, wound-healing assay) were performed to investigate the biological effects of MIR205HG ectopic expression on CC cells. RNA Immunoprecipitation (RIP), RNA pulldown, and Dual-luciferase reporter assay were employed to examine the interaction among MIR205HG, miR-122-5p, and FOXP2. Rescue experiments were performed to explore whether MIR205HG regulates tumor development via upregulating FOXP2. Conclusively, we found that MIR205HG was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues supported by GEPIA database and in cell lines through qRT-PCR, and its depletion inhibited the proliferation and metastasis of CC cells. Furthermore, MIR205HG could sponge miR-16-5p to accelerate malignant progression of CC cells via upregulating FOXP2. Conclusively, these results demonstrated that MIR205HG could serve as a ceRNA in CC progression by modulating miR-122-5p/FOXP2 axis and exert a pro-tumorigenesis function, which may be a novel therapeutic target for diagnosis and the treatment of CC."	0
"Title: Long noncoding RNA SNHG1 promotes non-small cell lung cancer progression by up-regulating MTDH via sponging miR-145-5p. Abstract: Long noncoding RNAs participate in the progression and initiation of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), although the mechanism remains unknown. The lncRNA identified as small nucleolar RNA host gene 1 ( SNHG1) is a novel lncRNA that is increased in multiple human cancers; however, the regulatory mechanism requires further investigation. In this study, we discovered that SNHG1 was markedly up-regulated in NSCLC tissues and cells and that SNHG1 silencing decreased tumor volumes. Moreover, we explored its regulatory mechanism and found that SNHG1 directly bound to microRNA (miRNA)-145-5p, isolating miR-145-5p from its target gene MTDH. Inhibition of SNHG1 suppressed NSCLC cell viability, proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro, but its effect was rescued by miR-145-5p inhibition. These results demonstrate that SNHG1 contributes to NSCLC progression by modulating the miR-145-5p/ MTDH axis, and it could potentially be a therapeutic target as well as a diagnostic marker.-Lu, Q., Shan, S., Li, Y., Zhu, D., Jin, W., Ren, T. Long noncoding RNA SNHG1 promotes non-small cell lung cancer progression by up-regulating MTDH via sponging miR-145-5p."	0
"Title: Loss of E-cadherin promotes metastasis via multiple downstream transcriptional pathways. Abstract: Loss of the epithelial adhesion molecule E-cadherin is thought to enable metastasis by disrupting intercellular contacts-an early step in metastatic dissemination. To further investigate the molecular basis of this notion, we use two methods to inhibit E-cadherin function that distinguish between E-cadherin's cell-cell adhesion and intracellular signaling functions. Whereas the disruption of cell-cell contacts alone does not enable metastasis, the loss of E-cadherin protein does, through induction of an epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, invasiveness, and anoikis resistance. We find the E-cadherin binding partner beta-catenin to be necessary, but not sufficient, for induction of these phenotypes. In addition, gene expression analysis shows that E-cadherin loss results in the induction of multiple transcription factors, at least one of which, Twist, is necessary for E-cadherin loss-induced metastasis. These findings indicate that E-cadherin loss in tumors contributes to metastatic dissemination by inducing wide-ranging transcriptional and functional changes."	0
"Title: Low-molecular-weight polyethylenimine as a non-viral vector for DNA delivery: comparison of physicochemical properties, transfection efficiency and in vivo distribution with high-molecular-weight polyethylenimine. Abstract: Low-molecular-weight polyethylenimine (LMW-PEI) was synthesized by the acid-catalyzed, ring-opening polymerization of aziridine and compared with commercially available high-molecular-weight PEI (HMW-PEI) of 25 kDa. Molecular weights were determined by size-exclusion chromatography in combination with multi-angle laser light scattering. The weight average molecular weight (M(w)) of synthesized LMW-PEI was determined as 5.4+/-0.5 kDa, whereas commercial HMW-PEI showed a M(w) of 48+/-2 kDa. DNA polyplexes of LMW-PEI and HMW-PEI were characterized with regard to DNA condensation (ethidium bromide fluorescence quenching), size (photon correlation spectroscopy) and surface charge (laser Doppler anemometry). Compared with HMW-PEI, DNA condensation of LMW-PEI was slightly impaired at lower N/P ratios. Complexes with plasmid DNA at a N/P ratio of 6.7 showed significantly increased hydrodynamic diameters (590+/-140 vs. 160+/-10 nm), while the zeta-potential measurements were similar (23+/-2 vs. 30+/-3 mV). The cytotoxicity of LMW-PEI in L929 fibroblasts was reduced by more than one order of magnitude compared with HMW-PEI, as shown by MTT assay. LMW-PEI exhibited increased transfection efficiency in six different cell lines. Reporter gene expression was found to be increased by a factor of 2.1-110. The pharmacokinetics and biodistribution of 125I-PEI in mice were similar for both molecular weights with an AUC of ca. 330+/-100% ID/ml min. Approximately half of the injected dose accumulated in the liver. LMW-PEI proved to be an efficient gene delivery system in a broad range of cell lines. Due to differences in polyplex structure, as well as its relatively low cytotoxicity, which makes the application of high N/P ratios possible, LMW-PEI appears to possess advantageous qualities with regard to transfection efficiency over PEI of higher molecular weight."	0
"Title: miR-221&222 regulate TRAIL resistance and enhance tumorigenicity through PTEN and TIMP3 downregulation. Abstract: Lung and liver cancers are among the most deadly types of cancer. Despite improvements in treatment over the past few decades, patient survival remains poor, underlining the need for development of targeted therapies. MicroRNAs represent a class of small RNAs frequently deregulated in human malignancies. We now report that miR-221&222 are overexpressed in aggressive non-small cell lung cancer and hepatocarcinoma cells, as compared with less invasive and/or normal lung and liver cells. We show that miR-221&222, by targeting PTEN and TIMP3 tumor suppressors, induce TRAIL resistance and enhance cellular migration through the activation of the AKT pathway and metallopeptidases. Finally, we demonstrate that the MET oncogene is involved in miR-221&222 activation through the c-Jun transcription factor."	0
"Title: MicroRNA let-7: Regulation, single nucleotide polymorphism, and therapy in lung cancer. Abstract: Lung cancer (LC) is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths worldwide. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are highly evolutionarily conserved noncoding small RNAs, which were first identified in Caenorhabditis elegans. There are 1100 or more miRNAs have been identified in Homo sapiens. Let-7 miRNA is involved in the regulation of gene expression in cells. Several novel factors and feedback loops involved in the regulation of the synthesis of let-7 have been identified and additional let-7 target genes have been found. Let-7 has also been shown to be significantly correlated with the occurrence and development of cancer and the results of preliminary studies suggest that it is involved in the regulation of oncogenic pathways in numerous types of tumors, such as, LC. As let-7 is a potential molecular target for tumor therapy, a mass of studies have been conducted focus on the relationship between let-7 and LC. With the mechanism becoming revealed, more and more groups are looking for the anti-tumor role of let-7 family in anti-tumor therapy development. In this review, we summarize the newest investigations on let-7 and LC, the regulation of let-7 and its targets gene have been discussed, and the attempts for new therapy for LC have also been summarized."	0
"Title: Exosomal proteins as potential diagnostic markers in advanced non-small cell lung carcinoma. Abstract: Lung cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death. At the time of diagnosis, more than half of the patients will have disseminated disease and, yet, diagnosing can be challenging. New methods are desired to improve the diagnostic work-up. Exosomes are cell-derived vesicles displaying various proteins on their membrane surfaces. In addition, they are readily available in blood samples where they constitute potential biomarkers of human diseases, such as cancer. Here, we examine the potential of distinguishing non-small cell lung carcinoma (NSCLC) patients from control subjects based on the differential display of exosomal protein markers. Methods: Plasma was isolated from 109 NSCLC patients with advanced stage (IIIa-IV) disease and 110 matched control subjects initially suspected of having cancer, but diagnosed to be cancer free. The Extracellular Vesicle Array (EV Array) was used to phenotype exosomes directly from the plasma samples. The array contained 37 antibodies targeting lung cancer-related proteins and was used to capture exosomes, which were visualised with a cocktail of biotin-conjugated CD9, CD63 and CD81 antibodies. Results: The EV Array analysis was capable of detecting and phenotyping exosomes in all samples from only 10 µL of unpurified plasma. Multivariate analysis using the Random Forests method produced a combined 30-marker model separating the two patient groups with an area under the curve of 0.83, CI: 0.77-0.90. The 30-marker model has a sensitivity of 0.75 and a specificity of 0.76, and it classifies patients with 75.3% accuracy. Conclusion: The EV Array technique is a simple, minimal-invasive tool with potential to identify lung cancer patients."	0
"Title: MicroRNA delivery by cationic lipoplexes for lung cancer therapy. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths in western countries and carries a poor overall five year survival rate. Several studies demonstrate that microRNAs (miRNAs or miRs) are actively involved in tumor development by serving as tumor suppressors, oncogenes or both. In lung cancer, miRNAs may serve as both diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers as well as regulate in vitro and in vivo tumor progression. However, miRNA-based therapy is faced with several challenges including lack of tissue specificity, lack of optimal delivery systems, poor cellular uptake and risk of systemic toxicity. Here, we report a cationic lipid based miRNA delivery system to address some of these challenges. Among many lung cancer related miRNAs, miR-133b, a tumor suppressor, was selected as a therapeutic target because it directly targets the prosurvival gene MCL-1 thus regulating cell survival and sensitivity of lung cancer cells to chemotherapeutic agents. The efficacy of pre-miR-133b containing lipoplexes was evaluated in A549 non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells. Compared with siPORT NeoFX transfection agent, lipoplexes delivered pre-miR-133b in a more efficient manner with ~2.3-fold increase in mature miR-133b expression and ~1.8-fold difference in MCL-1 protein downregulation in vitro. In the in vivo biodistribution study, lipoplexes achieved ~30% accumulation in lung tissue, which was ~50-fold higher than siPORT NeoFX transfection agent. Mice treated with pre-miR-133b containing lipoplexes had mature miR-133b expression in lung ~52-fold higher than untreated mice. Our results demonstrated that cationic lipoplexes are a promising carrier system for the development of miRNA-based therapeutics in lung cancer treatment."	0
"Title: miRNA-34 prevents cancer initiation and progression in a therapeutically resistant K-ras and p53-induced mouse model of lung adenocarcinoma. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide, and current therapies fail to treat this disease in the vast majority of cases. The RAS and p53 pathways are two of the most frequently altered pathways in lung cancers, with such alterations resulting in loss of responsiveness to current therapies and decreased patient survival. The microRNA-34 (mir-34) gene family members are downstream transcriptional targets of p53, and miR-34 expression is reduced in p53 mutant tumors; thus, we hypothesized that treating mutant Kras;p53 tumors with miR-34 would represent a powerful new therapeutic to suppress lung tumorigenesis. To this end we examined the therapeutically resistant Kras(LSL-G12D)(/+);Trp53(LSL-R172H)(/+) mouse lung cancer model. We characterized tumor progression in these mice following lung-specific transgene activation and found tumors as early as 10 weeks postactivation, and severe lung inflammation by 22 weeks. Tumors harvested from these lungs have elevated levels of oncogenic miRNAs, miR-21 and miR-155; are deficient for p53-regulated miRNAs; and have heightened expression of miR-34 target genes, such as Met and Bcl-2. In the presence of exogenous miR-34, epithelial cells derived from these tumors show reduced proliferation and invasion. In vivo treatment with miR-34a prevented tumor formation and progression in Kras(LSL-G12D)(/+);Trp53(LSL-R172H)(/+) mice. Animals infected with mir-34a-expressing lentivirus at the same time as transgene activation had little to no evidence of tumorigenesis, and lentivirus-induced miR-34a also prevented further progression of preformed tumors. These data support the use of miR-34 as a lung tumor-preventative and tumor-static agent."	0
"Title: Epigenetic Therapy in Lung Cancer - Role of microRNAs. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths worldwide. microRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small non-coding RNA species that have been implicated in the control of many fundamental cellular and physiological processes such as cellular differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis, and stem cell maintenance. Some miRNAs have been categorized as ""oncomiRs"" as opposed to ""tumor suppressor miRs."" This review focuses on the role of miRNAs in the lung cancer carcinogenesis and their potential as diagnostic, prognostic, or predictive markers."	0
"Title: Modulation of K-Ras-dependent lung tumorigenesis by MicroRNA-21. Abstract: Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in the world, and non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) accounts for 80% of cases. MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) expression is increased and predicts poor survival in NSCLC. Although miR-21 function has been studied in vitro with cancer cell lines, the role of miR-21 in tumor development in vivo is unknown. We utilize transgenic mice with loss-of-function and gain-of-function miR-21 alleles combined with a model of NSCLC to determine the role of miR-21 in lung cancer. We show that overexpression of miR-21 enhances tumorigenesis and that genetic deletion of miR-21 partially protects against tumor formation. MiR-21 drives tumorigenesis through inhibition of negative regulators of the Ras/MEK/ERK pathway and inhibition of apoptosis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA as tools and therapeutics in lung cancer. Abstract: Lung cancer is the number one cause of cancer related deaths. The lack of specific and accurate tools for early diagnosis and minimal targeted therapeutics both contribute to poor outcomes. The recent discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) revealed a novel mechanism for post-transcriptional regulation in cancer and has created new opportunities for the development of diagnostics, prognostics and targeted therapeutics. In lung cancer, miRNA expression profiles distinguish histological subtypes, predict chemotherapeutic response and are associated with prognosis, metastasis and survival. Furthermore, miRNAs circulate in body fluids and hence may serve as important biomarkers for early diagnosis or stratify patients for personalized therapeutic strategies. Here, we provide an overview of the miRNAs implicated in lung cancer, with an emphasis on their clinical utility."	0
"Title: Combinatorial Action of MicroRNAs let-7 and miR-34 Effectively Synergizes with Erlotinib to Suppress Non-small Cell Lung Cancer Cell Proliferation. Abstract: Lung cancer represents the leading cause of cancer-related deaths in men and women worldwide. Targeted therapeutics, including the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) inhibitor erlotinib, have recently emerged as clinical alternatives for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). However, the development of therapeutic resistance is a major challenge, resulting in low 5-year survival rates. Due to their ability to act as tumor suppressors, microRNAs (miRNAs) are attractive candidates as adjuvant therapeutics for the treatment of NSCLC. In this study, we examine the ability of 2 tumor suppressor miRNAs, let-7b and miR-34a to sensitize KRAS;TP53 mutant non-small cell lung cancer cells to the action of erlotinib. Treatment with these miRNAs, individually or in combination, resulted in synergistic potentiation of the anti-proliferative effects of erlotinib. This effect was observed over a wide range of miRNA and erlotinib interactions, suggesting that let-7b and miR-34a target oncogenic pathways beyond those inhibited by EGFR. Combinatorial treatment with let-7b and miR-34a resulted in the strongest synergy with erlotinib, indicating that these miRNAs can effectively target multiple cellular pathways involved in cancer cell proliferation and resistance to erlotinib. Together, our findings indicate that NSCLC cells can be effectively sensitized to erlotinib by supplementation with tumor suppressor miRNAs, and suggest that the use of combinations of miRNAs as adjuvant therapeutics for the treatment of lung cancer is a viable clinical strategy."	0
"Title: Micro-RNA signature of lymphovascular space involvement in type 1 endometrial cancer. Abstract: Lymphovascular space involvement (LVSI) is a major prognostic factor in type 1 endometrial cancer (EC). However, its use has been criticized because of poor subjectivity. MicroRNA signatures have recently been linked to EC pathologic characteristics. The aim of this study was to evaluate whether microRNA profiles of type 1 EC can be related to LVSI status and used as a tool to adapt therapy. Study design: MicroRNA expression was assessed by chip analysis and qRT-PCR in 12 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded grade 2 EC specimens with positive LVSI and in 12 specimens with negative LVSI. Various statistical analyses, including enrichment analysis and a minimum p-value approach, were performed. Results: The expression levels of microRNAs 34c-5p, -23b-5p, and 23c were significantly lower in the EC with positive LVSI compared to those with negative LVSI. Women with a microRNA-34c-5p fold change <0.15 were more likely to have positive LVSI status (92.3%) compared with those with a microRNA-34c-5p fold change >0.15 (0.0%), p<0.001. Furthermore, women with a microRNA-23b-5p fold change <0.51 were more likely to have positive LVSI status (90.0%) compared with those with a microRNA-23b-5p fold change >0.51 (21.4%), p=0.003. Conclusion: This was the first study to investigate the relative expression of microRNA in type 1 EC according to LVSI status. This microRNA expression profile may provide a basis for further study of the microRNA function in EC, and be used as a diagnostic tool for LVSI status."	0
"Title: Annexin-A1 enhances breast cancer growth and migration by promoting alternative macrophage polarization in the tumour microenvironment. Abstract: Macrophages are potent immune cells with well-established roles in the response to stress, injury, infection and inflammation. The classically activated macrophages (M1) are induced by lipopolysaccharide (LPS) and express a wide range of pro-inflammatory genes. M2 macrophages are induced by T helper type 2 cytokines such as interleukin-4 (IL4) and express high levels of anti-inflammatory and tissue repair genes. The strong association between macrophages and tumour cells as well as the high incidences of leukocyte infiltration in solid tumours have contributed to the discovery that tumour-associated macrophages (TAMs) are key to tumour progression. Here, we investigated the role of Annexin A1 (ANXA1), a well characterized immunomodulatory protein on macrophage polarization and the interaction between macrophages and breast cancer cells. Our results demonstrate that ANXA1 regulates macrophage polarization and activation. ANXA1 can act dually as an endogenous signalling molecule or as a secreted mediator which acts via its receptor, FPR2, to promote macrophage polarization. Furthermore, ANXA1 deficient mice exhibit reduced tumour growth and enhanced survival in vivo, possibly due to increased M1 macrophages within the tumor microenvironment. These results provide new insights into the molecular mechanisms of macrophage polarization with therapeutic potential to suppress breast cancer growth and metastasis."	0
"Title: Diagnosis of lung cancer in individuals with solitary pulmonary nodules by plasma microRNA biomarkers. Abstract: Making a definitive preoperative diagnosis of solitary pulmonary nodules (SPNs) found by CT has been a clinical challenge. We previously demonstrated that microRNAs (miRNAs) could be used as biomarkers for lung cancer diagnosis. Here we investigate whether plasma microRNAs are useful in identifying lung cancer among individuals with CT-detected SPNs. Methods: By using quantitative reverse transcriptase PCR analysis, we first determine plasma expressions of five miRNAs in a training set of 32 patients with malignant SPNs, 33 subjects with benign SPNs, and 29 healthy smokers to define a panel of miRNAs that has high diagnostic efficiency for lung cancer. We then validate the miRNA panel in a testing set of 76 patients with malignant SPNs and 80 patients with benign SPNs. Results: In the training set, miR-21 and miR-210 display higher plasma expression levels, whereas miR-486-5p has lower expression level in patients with malignant SPNs, as compared to subjects with benign SPNs and healthy controls (all P ? 0.001). A logistic regression model with the best prediction was built on the basis of miR-21, miR-210, and miR-486-5p. The three miRNAs used in combination produced the area under receiver operating characteristic curve at 0.86 in distinguishing lung tumors from benign SPNs with 75.00% sensitivity and 84.95% specificity. Validation of the miRNA panel in the testing set confirms their diagnostic value that yields significant improvement over any single one. Conclusions: The plasma miRNAs provide potential circulating biomarkers for noninvasively diagnosing lung cancer among individuals with SPNs, and could be further evaluated in clinical trials."	0
"Title: ROCK1, a novel target of miR-145, promotes glioma cell invasion. Abstract: Malignant glioma is the most common type of cancer in the central nervous system, with highly invasive characteristics. The Rho-associated protein kinase (ROCK1) has been found to act as key regulator of actin cytoskeleton reorganization, a process closely associated with cancer cell invasion. microRNA-145 (miRNA-145) has been recently shown to act as a suppressor in several types of tumor, including glioma. However, the exact regulatory mechanism by which miR-145 inhibits glioma still remains to be uncovered. In this study, we report that the miR-145 level was significantly reduced in glioma tissues and in the human glioma cell lines U87 and U251, as compared to matched adjacent and normal brain tissues. We then identified the ROCK1 gene as a novel target of miR-145. The expression of ROCK1 was markedly upregulated in glioma tissues, as well as in U87 and U251 cells. Moreover, miR-145 significantly inhibited ROCK1 protein expression in U87 cells. We further show that miR-145 transfection considerably reduced the invasive ability of U87 cells, and was accompanied by the downregulation of matrix metalloproteinase 2 and 9, an effect which could be attenuated by overexpression of ROCK1. In conclusion, the present study suggests that miR-145 can inhibit U87 glioma cell invasion, at least partially via downregulation of the RhoA/ROCK1 pathway. In conclusion, this is the first study to report that ROCK1, as a novel target of miR-145, acts as a positive regulator of glioma cell invasion. Therefore, ROCK1 may constitute a promising target for glioma treatment."	0
"Title: microRNA-214 contributes to melanoma tumour progression through suppression of TFAP2C. Abstract: Malignant melanoma is fatal in its metastatic stage. It is therefore essential to unravel the molecular mechanisms that govern disease progression to metastasis. MicroRNAs (miRs) are endogenous non-coding RNAs involved in tumourigenesis. Using a melanoma progression model, we identified a novel pathway controlled by miR-214 that coordinates metastatic capability. Pathway components include TFAP2C, homologue of a well-established melanoma tumour suppressor, the adhesion receptor ITGA3 and multiple surface molecules. Modulation of miR-214 influences in vitro tumour cell movement and survival to anoikis as well as extravasation from blood vessels and lung metastasis formation in vivo. Considering that miR-214 is known to be highly expressed in human melanomas, our data suggest a critical role for this miRNA in disease progression and the establishment of distant metastases."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in mesothelioma: from tumour suppressors and biomarkers to therapeutic targets. Abstract: Malignant mesothelioma remains a difficult proposition in the clinic, with few accurate molecular markers available to guide diagnosis and patient management, and a dearth of effective treatments. Recent evidence implicates microRNAs-short non-coding RNAs involved in post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression-in mesothelioma biology. Emerging evidence suggests that exploring aberrant microRNA expression will not only improve our understanding of the disease, but will also lead to the identification of new molecular biomarkers and therapeutic targets."	0
"Title: Diagnostic potential of miR-126, miR-143, miR-145, and miR-652 in malignant pleural mesothelioma. Abstract: Malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) is difficult to distinguish from reactive mesothelial proliferations (RMPs). It is uncertain whether miRNAs are useful biomarkers for differentiating MPM from RMPs. Thus, we screened with a quantitative RT-PCR (RT-qPCR)-based platform the expression of 742 miRNAs in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded, preoperative diagnostic biopsy samples, surgically resected MPM specimens previously treated with chemotherapy, and corresponding non-neoplastic pleura (NNP), from five patients. miR-126, miR-143, miR-145, and miR-652 were significantly down-regulated (?twofold) in resected MPM and/or chemotherapy-naïve diagnostic tumor biopsy samples. The miRNA expression pattern was validated by RT-qPCR in a cohort of 40 independent MPMs. By performing binary logistic regression on the RT-qPCR data for the four miRNAs, the established four-miRNA classifier differentiated MPM from NNP with high sensitivity and specificity (area under the curve, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.92-1.00). The classifier's optimal logit(P) value of 0.62 separated NNP and MPM samples with a sensitivity of 0.95 (95% CI, 0.89-1.00), a specificity of 0.93 (95% CI, 0.87-0.99), and an overall accuracy of 0.94 (95% CI, 0.88-1.00). The level of miR-126 in MPM was inversely correlated with that of the known target, the large neutral amino acid transporter, small subunit 1 (r = -0.38; 95% CI, -0.63 to -0.06). Overall, these results indicate that these four miRNAs may be suitable biomarkers for distinguishing MPM from RMPs."	0
"Title: Restoring expression of miR-16: a novel approach to therapy for malignant pleural mesothelioma. Abstract: Malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) is recalcitrant to treatment and new approaches to therapy are needed. Reduced expression of miR-15/16 in a range of cancer types has suggested a tumour suppressor function for these microRNAs, and re-expression has been shown to inhibit tumour cell proliferation. The miR-15/16 status in MPM is largely unknown. Materials and methods: MicroRNA expression was analysed by TaqMan-based RT-qPCR in MPM tumour specimens and cell lines. MicroRNA expression was restored in vitro using microRNA mimics, and effects on proliferation, drug sensitivity and target gene expression were assessed. Xenograft-bearing mice were treated with miR-16 mimic packaged in minicells targeted with epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-specific antibodies. Results: Expression of the miR-15 family was consistently downregulated in MPM tumour specimens and cell lines. A decrease of 4- to 22-fold was found when tumour specimens were compared with normal pleura. When MPM cell lines were compared with the normal mesothelial cell line MeT-5A, the downregulation of miR-15/16 was 2- to 10-fold. Using synthetic mimics to restore miR-15/16 expression led to growth inhibition in MPM cell lines but not in MeT-5A cells. Growth inhibition caused by miR-16 correlated with downregulation of target genes including Bcl-2 and CCND1, and miR-16 re-expression sensitised MPM cells to pemetrexed and gemcitabine. In xenograft-bearing nude mice, intravenous administration of miR-16 mimics packaged in minicells led to consistent and dose-dependent inhibition of MPM tumour growth. Conclusions: The miR-15/16 family is downregulated and has tumour suppressor function in MPM. Restoring miR-16 expression represents a novel therapeutic approach for MPM."	0
"Title: Human TRBP and PACT directly interact with each other and associate with dicer to facilitate the production of small interfering RNA. Abstract: Mammalian Dicer interacts with double-stranded RNA-binding protein TRBP or PACT to mediate RNA interference and micro-RNA processing. TRBP and PACT are structurally related but exert opposite regulatory activities on PKR. It is not understood whether TRBP and PACT are simultaneously required for Dicer. Here we show that TRBP directly interacts with PACT in vitro and in mammalian cells. TRBP and PACT form a triple complex with Dicer and facilitate the production of small interfering RNA (siRNA) by Dicer. Knockdown of both TRBP and PACT in cultured cells leads to significant inhibition of gene silencing mediated by short hairpin RNA but not by siRNA, suggesting that TRBP and PACT function primarily at the step of siRNA production. Taken together, these findings indicate that human TRBP and PACT directly interact with each other and associate with Dicer to stimulate the cleavage of double-stranded or short hairpin RNA to siRNA. Our work significantly alters the current model for the assembly and function of the Dicer-containing complex that generates siRNA and micro-RNA in human."	0
"Title: Cationic microRNA-delivering nanocarriers for efficient treatment of colon carcinoma in xenograft model. Abstract: Manipulation of tumor microRNAs (miRNAs) may offer novel avenues for treatment of cancer. However, development of safe, robust, non-viral delivery methods remains a main challenge to obtain the promise of gene therapy. The miR-145 is dysregulated in many cancers, including colon carcer, and further in vitro investigation established antiproliferative and proapoptotic roles of miR-145. Herein, we study a PLGA/PEI (poly (d, l-lactide-co-glycolide)/polyethylenimine)-mediated miRNA vector delivery system; the validation of the method was carried out using a colon cancer xenograft model with miR-145 vector encoding for the expression of miR-145 (pDNA). First, high-molecular-weight PEI (25000 Da) was conjugated with cetyl to formulate reducible cetylated PEI (PEI-cet), and then PEI-cet was introduced to PLGA suspension. Next, PLGA/PEI-cet was crosslinked with hyaluronic acid (HA) to facilitate cellular uptake of miRNA plasmid vector via HA receptor-mediated endocytosis. After local administration of PLGA/PEI/HA complexes, intact miRNA plasmid vectors were delivered into HCT-116 colon cancer cells and xenograft tumor-bearing mice, and significant antitumor effects were achieved. The results show that the HA-based miR-145 nanocarrier could efficiently facilitate cellular uptake and significantly enhance miR-145 expression in HCT-116 cells. Consequently, the increased miR-145 induced G1 cell cycle arrest, reduced tumor proliferation and increased apoptosis, inhibited HCT-116 cell migration and suppressed c-MYC expressions, a regulatory target of miR-145. Of particular importance is the significant decrease in tumor growth in the mice model of colon cancer with the targeting miR-145 delivery system. The results in this work show that miR-145 has been effectively delivered to colon carcinomas through a PLGA/PEI/HA vehicle, indicating a promising miRNA replacement therapy strategy."	0
"Title: Enhanced hepatic delivery of siRNA and microRNA using oleic acid based lipid nanoparticle formulations. Abstract: Many cationic lipids have been developed for lipid-based nanoparticles (LNPs) for delivery of siRNA and microRNA (miRNA). However, less attention has been paid to ""helper lipids"". Here, we investigated several ""helper lipids"" and examined their effects on the physicochemical properties such as particle size and zeta potential, as well as cellular uptake and transfection efficiency. We found that inclusion of oleic acid (OA), an unsaturated fatty acid, into the LNP formulation significantly enhanced the delivery efficacy for siRNA and miRNA. For proof-of-concept, miR-122, a liver-specific microRNA associated with many liver diseases, was used as a model agent to demonstrate the hepatic delivery efficacy both in tumor cells and in animals. Compared to Lipofectamine 2000, a commercial transfection agent, LNPs containing OA delivered microRNA-122 in a more efficient manner with a 1.8-fold increase in mature miR-122 expression and a 20% decrease in Bcl-w, a target of microRNA-122. In comparison with Invivofectamine, a commercial transfection agent specifically designed for hepatic delivery, LNPs containing OA showed comparable liver accumulation and in vivo delivery efficiency. These findings demonstrated the importance of ""helper lipid"" components of the LNP formulation on the cellular uptake and transfection activity of siRNA and miRNA. LNPs containing OA is a promising nanocarrier system for the delivery of RNA-based therapeutics in liver diseases."	0
"Title: miR-340 reverses cisplatin resistance of hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines by targeting Nrf2-dependent antioxidant pathway. Abstract: Many chemotherapeutic agents have been successfully used to treat hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC); however, the development of chemoresistance in liver cancer cells usually results in a relapse and worsening of prognosis. It has been demonstrated that DNA methylation and histone modification play crucial roles in chemotherapy resistance. Currently, extensive research has shown that there is another potential mechanism of gene expression control, which is mediated through the function of short noncoding RNAs, especially for microRNAs (miRNAs), but little is known about their roles in cancer cell drug resistance. In present study, by taking advantage of miRNA effects on the resistance of human hepatocellular carcinoma cells line to cisplatin, it has been demonstrated that miR-340 were significantly downregulated whereas Nrf2 was upregulated in HepG2/ CDDP (cisplatin) cells, compared with parental HepG2 cells. Bioinformatics analysis and luciferase assays of Nrf2-3'-untranslated region-based reporter constructor indicated that Nrf2 was the direct target gene of miR- 340, miR-340 mimics suppressing Nrf2-dependent antioxidant pathway and enhancing the sensitivity of HepG2/ CDDP cells to cisplatin. Interestingly, transfection with miR-340 mimics combined with miR-340 inhibitors reactivated the Nrf2 related pathway and restored the resistance of HepG2/CDDP cells to CDDP. Collectively, the results first suggested that lower expression of miR-340 is involved in the development of CDDP resistance in hepatocellular carcinoma cell line, at least partly due to regulating Nrf2-dependent antioxidant pathway."	0
"Title: Involvement of microRNA-451 in resistance of the MCF-7 breast cancer cells to chemotherapeutic drug doxorubicin. Abstract: Many chemotherapy regiments are successfully used to treat breast cancer; however, often breast cancer cells develop drug resistance that usually leads to a relapse and worsening of prognosis. We have shown recently that epigenetic changes such as DNA methylation and histone modifications play an important role in breast cancer cell resistance to chemotherapeutic agents. Another mechanism of gene expression control is mediated via the function of small regulatory RNA, particularly microRNA (miRNA); its role in cancer cell drug resistance still remains unexplored. In the present study, we investigated the role of miRNA in the resistance of human MCF-7 breast adenocarcinoma cells to doxorubicin (DOX). Here, we for the first time show that DOX-resistant MCF-7 cells (MCF-7/DOX) exhibit a considerable dysregulation of the miRNAome profile and altered expression of miRNA processing enzymes Dicer and Argonaute 2. The mechanistic link of miRNAome deregulation and the multidrug-resistant phenotype of MCF-7/DOX cells was evidenced by a remarkable correlation between specific miRNA expression and corresponding changes in protein levels of their targets, specifically those ones that have a documented role in cancer drug resistance. Furthermore, we show that microRNA-451 regulates the expression of multidrug resistance 1 gene. More importantly, transfection of the MCF-7/DOX-resistant cells with microRNA-451 resulted in the increased sensitivity of cells to DOX, indicating that correction of altered expression of miRNA may have significant implications for therapeutic strategies aiming to overcome cancer cell resistance."	0
"Title: Suppression of non-small cell lung tumor development by the let-7 microRNA family. Abstract: Many microRNAs (miRNAs) target mRNAs involved in processes aberrant in tumorigenesis, such as proliferation, survival, and differentiation. In particular, the let-7 miRNA family has been proposed to function in tumor suppression, because reduced expression of let-7 family members is common in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Here, we show that let-7 functionally inhibits non-small cell tumor development. Ectopic expression of let-7g in K-Ras(G12D)-expressing murine lung cancer cells induced both cell cycle arrest and cell death. In tumor xenografts, we observed significant growth reduction of both murine and human non-small cell lung tumors when overexpression of let-7g was induced from lentiviral vectors. In let-7g expressing tumors, reductions in Ras family and HMGA2 protein levels were detected. Importantly, let-7g-mediated tumor suppression was more potent in lung cancer cell lines harboring oncogenic K-Ras mutations than in lines with other mutations. Ectopic expression of K-Ras(G12D) largely rescued let-7g mediated tumor suppression, whereas ectopic expression of HMGA2 was less effective. Finally, in an autochthonous model of NSCLC in the mouse, let-7g expression substantially reduced lung tumor burden."	0
"Title: Prognostic role of microRNA-21 in non-small cell lung cancer: a meta-analysis. Abstract: Many studies have reported that microRNA-21 (miR-21) mihght predict the survival outcome in non-small cell lung cancers (NSCLCs) but the opposite opinion has also been expressed. The aim of this study was to summarize the evidence for a prognostic role of miR-21. Materials and methods: All the eligible studies was searched by Medline and EMBASE and patients' clinical characteristics and survival outcome were extracted. Then a meta-analysis was performed to clarify the prognostic role of the miR-21 expression in different subgroups. Results: A total of 8 eligible articles were yielded covering survival outcomes or clinical characteristics. The combined hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) for overall survival (OS) was 2.19 [0.76, 6.30], while the combined HR (95% CI) of Asian group for OS had a significant result, 5.49 [2.46, 12.27]. The combined HR (95% CI) for recurrence free survival or disease free survival (RFS/DFS) was 2.31 [1.52, 3.49]. Odds ratios (ORs) showed that the miR-21 expression was associated with lymph node status and histological type. Conclusion: miR-21 expression could predict the prognostic outcome of NSCLC in Asians, despite some deficiencies in the study data."	0
"Title: Prognostic role of microRNA-210 in various carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Abstract: Many studies have shown that microRNAs (miRNAs) could play a potential role as prognostic biomarkers of tumors. The aim of this study is to summarize the global predicting role of microRNA-210 (miR-210) for survival in patients with a variety of carcinomas. Methods: Relevant literature was identified using PubMed and the information in eligible studies has been extracted. Then meta-analysis of hazard ratio (HR) was performed to evaluate the prognostic role of the miR-210 in different tumors. Results: This meta-analysis included 9 published studies dealing with various carcinomas. For recurrence free survival or disease free survival (RFS/DFS), the combined hazard ratio (HR) and 95% confidence interval (95% CI) of higher miR-210 expression were 2.47 [1.36, 4.46], which could significantly predict poor survival in general carcinomas. MicroRNA-210 was also a significant predictor for overall survival (OS), metastasis free survival or distant relapse free survival (MFS/DRFS), and disease specific survival (DSS). Importantly, subgroup analysis suggested that higher expression of miR-210 correlated with worse RFS/DFS, OS, and MFS/DRFS, especially in breast cancer, which were 3.36 [2.30, 4.93], 3.29 [1.65, 6.58], and 2.85 [1.76, 4.62] separately. Conclusion: Our studies suggested that microRNA-210 could predict the outcome of patients with varieties of tumors, especially in breast cancers."	0
"Title: Biodegradable nanoparticles for cytosolic delivery of therapeutics. Abstract: Many therapeutics require efficient cytosolic delivery either because the receptors for those drugs are located in the cytosol or their site of action is an intracellular organelle that requires transport through the cytosolic compartment. To achieve efficient cytosolic delivery of therapeutics, different nanomaterials have been developed that consider the diverse physicochemical nature of therapeutics (macromolecule to small molecule; water soluble to water insoluble) and various membrane associated and intracellular barriers that these systems need to overcome to efficiently deliver and retain therapeutics in the cytoplasmic compartment. Our interest is in investigating PLGA and PLA-based nanoparticles for intracellular delivery of drugs and genes. The present review discusses the various aspects of our studies and emphasizes the need for understanding of the molecular mechanisms of intracellular trafficking of nanoparticles in order to develop an efficient cytosolic delivery system."	0
"Title: microRNA-9 targets matrix metalloproteinase 14 to inhibit invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis of neuroblastoma cells. Abstract: Matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-14 is the only membrane-anchored MMP that plays a critical role in tumor metastasis and angiogenesis. However, the mechanisms underlying MMP-14 expression in tumors still remain largely unknown. In this study, MMP-14 immunostaining was identified in 29/42 neuroblastoma tissues, which was correlated with clinicopathologic features and shorter patients' survival. In subtotal 20 neuroblastoma cases, microRNA 9 (miR-9) was downregulated and inversely correlated with MMP-14 expression. Bioinformatics analysis revealed a putative miR-9-binding site in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of MMP-14 mRNA. Overexpression or knockdown of miR-9 responsively altered both the mRNA and protein levels of MMP-14 and its downstream gene, vascular endothelial growth factor, in cultured neuroblastoma cell lines SH-SY5Y and SK-N-SH. In an MMP-14 3'-UTR luciferase reporter system, miR-9 downregulated the luciferase activity, and these effects were abolished by a mutation in the putative miR-9-binding site. Overexpression of miR-9 suppressed the invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis of SH-SY5Y and SK-N-SH cells in vitro and in vivo. In addition, the effects of miR-9 on MMP-14 expression, adhesion, migration, invasion, and angiogenesis were rescued by overexpression of MMP-14 in these cells. Furthermore, anti-miR-9 inhibitor or knockdown of MMP-14 respectively increased or inhibited the migration, invasion, and angiogenesis of neuroblastoma cells. These data indicate that miR-9 suppresses MMP-14 expression via the binding site in the 3'-UTR, thus inhibiting the invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis of neuroblastoma."	0
"Title: Processing of primary microRNAs by the Microprocessor complex. Abstract: Mature microRNAs (miRNAs) are generated via a two-step processing pathway to yield approximately 22-nucleotide small RNAs that regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. Initial cleavage is catalysed by Drosha, a nuclease of the RNase III family, which acts on primary miRNA transcripts (pri-miRNAs) in the nucleus. Here we show that Drosha exists in a multiprotein complex, the Microprocessor, and begin the process of deconstructing that complex into its constituent components. Along with Drosha, the Microprocessor also contains Pasha (partner of Drosha), a double-stranded RNA binding protein. Suppression of Pasha expression in Drosophila cells or Caenorhabditis elegans interferes with pri-miRNA processing, leading to an accumulation of pri-miRNAs and a reduction in mature miRNAs. Finally, depletion or mutation of pash-1 in C. elegans causes de-repression of a let-7 reporter and the appearance of phenotypic defects overlapping those observed upon examination of worms with lesions in Dicer (dcr-1) or Drosha (drsh-1). Considered together, these results indicate a role for Pasha in miRNA maturation and miRNA-mediated gene regulation."	0
"Title: Relevance of sexual dimorphism to regulatory T cells: estradiol promotes IFN-gamma production by invariant natural killer T cells. Abstract: Mechanisms accounting for gender dimorphism during immune responses are still poorly understood. Since invariant natural killer T (iNKT) cells exert important regulatory functions through their capacity to produce both T helper 1 (Th1) and Th2 cytokines, we addressed the question of whether these activities could be modulated by sexual hormones. We found that in vivo challenge with the specific ligand of iNKT cells, alpha-galactosylceramide (alpha-GalCer), induced significantly higher concentrations of interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) in the serum of female than in that of male mice, while interleukin 4 (IL-4) production was not modified. In support of a crucial role of ovarian hormones in this phenomenon, a significant decrease of serum IFN-gamma concentrations occurred in ovariectomized females, in response to treatment with alpha-GalCer, while orchidectomy affected neither IFN-gamma nor IL-4 serum concentrations in males. The implication of estrogens in this selective enhancement of IFN-gamma production by iNKT cells was demonstrated by (1) the increased alpha-GalCer-induced IFN-gamma synthesis by iNKT cells upon both in vitro and in vivo exposure to estradiol and (2) the abolition of the sex-linked difference in alpha-GalCer-induced IFN-gamma release in estrogen receptor alpha-deficient mice. These results provide the first evidence that estrogens influence iNKT cells leading to this gender dimorphism in their cytokine production profile."	0
"Title: Serum miR-16: A Potential Biomarker for Predicting Melanoma Prognosis. Abstract: Melanoma is among the most malignant cancers with notorious aggressiveness, and its prognosis is greatly influenced by progression status. Serum microRNAs are small noncoding RNAs with high stability and easy accessibility in human blood. Their expression profiles are frequently dysregulated in cancers; hence, levels of serum microRNAs may reflect progression status and thus predict melanoma prognosis. In a hospital based case-control study, we found a significant reduction of serum miR-16 level in melanoma patients compared with cancer-free controls (P < 0.001). In addition, serum miR-16 level markedly decreased in melanoma patients with increased tumor thickness, occurrence of ulceration, and advanced American Joint Committee on Cancer stages, and was highly correlated with tissue Ki-67 expression (r = -0.521, P < 0.0001). Kaplan-Meier analysis and Cox proportional hazards regression analysis revealed a prognostic role of serum miR-16 (hazard ratio 2.49, 95% confidence interval 1.10-5.63, P = 0.028), which independently evaluated patients' survival outcome. Finally, the suppressive role of miR-16 in melanoma growth was validated both in vitro and in vivo. In conclusion, we demonstrated that serum miR-16 is a potential biomarker for predicting melanoma prognosis."	0
"Title: CD44, a therapeutic target for metastasising tumours. Abstract: Members of the CD44 family of transmembrane glycoproteins, in particular CD44v6 isoforms, were shown to be metastatic determinants of rat pancreatic tumour cells back in the early 1990s. Furthermore, the expression of several CD44 proteins correlates with aggressive stages of various human cancers. Because of the frequent and homogeneous expression of CD44v6 isoforms in squamous cell carcinoma, antibodies recognising these proteins were used in clinical trials for patients suffering from head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). Although the phase I clinical trials looked promising, the studies were abruptly ended after the death of a patient. Despite the termination of the trials, CD44 certainly remains a valid target for anti-cancer therapy. In this review, alternative strategies targeting CD44 functions are presented. These functions include the binding to hyaluronan (HA), the collaboration with osteopontin and the contribution of CD44 isoforms to receptor tyrosine kinase (RTKs) activation. These new attempts led to the development of peptides that interfere for example with HA binding and that might be used to induce apoptosis in mammary carcinoma or to prevent homing of leukaemia stem cells. Other peptides block RTK activation and thereby inhibit tumour angiogenesis and metastatic spread."	0
"Title: Stat3 regulates ErbB-2 expression and co-opts ErbB-2 nuclear function to induce miR-21 expression, PDCD4 downregulation and breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: Membrane overexpression of the receptor tyrosine kinase ErbB-2 (MErbB-2) accounts for a clinically aggressive breast cancer (BC) subtype (ErbB-2-positive) with increased incidence of metastases. We and others demonstrated that nuclear ErbB-2 (NErbB-2) also plays a key role in BC and is a poor prognostic factor in ErbB-2-positive tumors. The signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3), another player in BC, has been recognized as a downstream mediator of MErbB-2 action in BC metastasis. Here, we revealed an unanticipated novel direction of the ErbB-2 and Stat3 interaction underlying BC metastasis. We found that Stat3 binds to its response elements (GAS) at the ErbB-2 promoter to upregulate ErbB-2 transcription in metastatic, ErbB-2-positive BC. We validated these results in several BC subtypes displaying metastatic and non-metastatic ability, highlighting Stat3 general role as upstream regulator of ErbB-2 expression in BC. Moreover, we showed that Stat3 co-opts NErbB-2 function by recruiting ErbB-2 as its coactivator at the GAS sites in the promoter of microRNA-21 (miR-21), a metastasis-promoting microRNA (miRNA). Using an ErbB-2 nuclear localization domain mutant and a constitutively activated ErbB-2 variant, we found that NErbB-2 role as a Stat3 coactivator and also its direct role as transcription factor upregulate miR-21 in BC. This reveals a novel function of NErbB-2 as a regulator of miRNAs expression. Increased levels of miR-21, in turn, downregulate the expression of the metastasis-suppressor protein programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4), a validated miR-21 target. Using an in vivo model of metastatic ErbB-2-postive BC, in which we silenced Stat3 and reconstituted ErbB-2 or miR-21 expression, we showed that both are downstream mediators of Stat3-driven metastasis. Supporting the clinical relevance of our results, we found an inverse correlation between ErbB-2/Stat3 nuclear co-expression and PDCD4 expression in ErbB-2-positive primary invasive BCs. Our findings identify Stat3 and NErbB-2 as novel therapeutic targets to inhibit ErbB-2-positive BC metastasis."	0
"Title: Tumor metastasis: molecular insights and evolving paradigms. Abstract: Metastases represent the end products of a multistep cell-biological process termed the invasion-metastasis cascade, which involves dissemination of cancer cells to anatomically distant organ sites and their subsequent adaptation to foreign tissue microenvironments. Each of these events is driven by the acquisition of genetic and/or epigenetic alterations within tumor cells and the co-option of nonneoplastic stromal cells, which together endow incipient metastatic cells with traits needed to generate macroscopic metastases. Recent advances provide provocative insights into these cell-biological and molecular changes, which have implications regarding the steps of the invasion-metastasis cascade that appear amenable to therapeutic targeting."	0
"Title: Context-dependent differences in miR-10b breast oncogenesis can be targeted for the prevention and arrest of lymph node metastasis. Abstract: Metastases, and not the primary tumor from which they originate, are the main reason for mortality from carcinoma. Although the molecular mechanisms behind metastasis are poorly understood, it is clear that epigenetic dysregulation at the level of microRNA expression is a key characteristic of the metastatic process that can be exploited for therapy. Here, we describe an miRNA-targeted therapeutic approach for the prevention and arrest of lymph node metastasis. Therapy relies on the inhibition of the pro-metastatic microRNA-10b. It is delivered to primary and lymph node metastatic tumor cells using an imaging-capable nanodrug that is designed to specifically home to these tissues. Treatment of invasive human breast tumor cells (MDA-MB-231) with the nanodrug in vitro downregulates miR-10b and abolishes the invasion and migration of the tumor cells. After intravenous delivery to mice bearing orthotopic MDA-MB-231-luc-D3H2LN tumors, the nanodrug accumulates in the primary tumor and lymph nodes. When treatment is initiated before metastasis to lymph nodes, metastasis is prevented. Treatment after the formation of lymph node metastases arrests the metastatic process without a concomitant effect on primary tumor growth raising the possibility of a context-dependent variation in miR-10b breast oncogenesis."	0
"Title: Aptamer-Dendrimer Bioconjugates for Targeted Delivery of miR-34a Expressing Plasmid and Antitumor Effects in Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer Cells. Abstract: Metastasis and drug resistance are major barriers for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). To explore new therapeutic options, we successfully encapsulated MicroRNA-34a (miR-34a), a potent endogenous tumor suppressor in NSCLC into S6 aptamer-conjugated dendrimer to form lung cancer-targeted gene delivery nanoparticles (PAM-Ap/pMiR-34a NPs). PAM-Ap/pMiR-34a NPs had a diameter of 100-200 nm and Zeta potential of ~30 mV at applied N/P ratio. The aptamer conjugation significantly improved cellular uptake as well as gene transfection efficiency of PAM-Ap/pMiR-34a NPs in cultured NSCLC cells. We showed that PAM-Ap/pMiR-34a NPs enhanced the regulation of targeted genes, BCL-2 and p53 in vitro. In addition, we revealed PAM-Ap/pMiR-34a NPs significantly inhibited cell growth, migration, invasion and induced apoptosis of lung cancer cells compared with non-targeted NPs. The method provided a novel therapeutic strategy for the experimental treatment of NSCLC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-182 drives metastasis of primary sarcomas by targeting multiple genes. Abstract: Metastasis causes most cancer deaths, but is incompletely understood. MicroRNAs can regulate metastasis, but it is not known whether a single miRNA can regulate metastasis in primary cancer models in vivo. We compared the expression of miRNAs in metastatic and nonmetastatic primary mouse sarcomas and found that microRNA-182 (miR-182) was markedly overexpressed in some tumors that metastasized to the lungs. By utilizing genetically engineered mice with either deletion of or overexpression of miR-182 in primary sarcomas, we discovered that deletion of miR-182 substantially decreased, while overexpression of miR-182 considerably increased, the rate of lung metastasis after amputation of the tumor-bearing limb. Additionally, deletion of miR-182 decreased circulating tumor cells (CTCs), while overexpression of miR-182 increased CTCs, suggesting that miR-182 regulates intravasation of cancer cells into the circulation. We identified 4 miR-182 targets that inhibit either the migration of tumor cells or the degradation of the extracellular matrix. Notably, restoration of any of these targets in isolation did not alter the metastatic potential of sarcoma cells injected orthotopically, but the simultaneous restoration of all 4 targets together substantially decreased the number of metastases. These results demonstrate that a single miRNA can regulate metastasis of primary tumors in vivo by coordinated regulation of multiple genes."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 Suppresses Osteosarcoma Metastasis via Targeting MMP16. Abstract: Metastasis is a leading cause of mortality for osteosarcoma (OS) patients, and its molecular pathological mechanisms remain to be elucidated. Previous studies have suggested a significant role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in the control of cancel cell migration and invasion. Methods: Real-time PCR was used to screen the differentially expressed miRNAs between OS with or without metastasis, and miR-145 underexpression was observed in metastatic OS. Luciferase assay was performed to validate the target gene. Results: Further, we identified three genes, MMP16, ADAM17 and metadherin, as possible targets of miR-145. We identified MMP16 as a target gene of miR-145 and ruled out ADAM17 and metadherin as targets in OS using a dual luciferase reporter system. Subsequently, we determined and compared the expression level of MMP16 in human OS samples and showed that the mRNA and protein levels of MMP16 were significantly up-regulated in primary OS with metastasis compared with those without metastasis. We also altered miR-145 expression by transfecting OS cells with miR-145 mimics or inhibitors. MMP16 expression was similarly downregulated in the cells transfected with miR-145 mimics or MMP16-specific siRNA, and the invasive and migratory capability of those cells was significantly suppressed compared with negative controls. MMP16 expression was consistently significantly upregulated in the cells transfected with miR-145 inhibitors, and the invasive and migratory capability of those cells was significantly promoted compared with negative controls. Conclcusion: Our results suggest that miR-145 functions as a tumor metastasis suppressor gene by down-regulating MMP16 and may be a potential target in osteosarcoma treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-7 functions as an anti-metastatic microRNA in gastric cancer by targeting insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor. Abstract: Metastasis is a major clinical obstacle in the treatment of gastric cancer (GC) and it accounts for the majority of cancer-related mortality. MicroRNAs have recently emerged as regulators of metastasis by acting on multiple signaling pathways. In this study, we found that miR-7 is significantly downregulated in highly metastatic GC cell lines and metastatic tissues. Both gain-of-function and loss-of-function experiments showed that increased miR-7 expression significantly reduced GC cell migration and invasion, whereas decreased miR-7 expression dramatically enhanced cell migration and invasion. In vivo metastasis assays also demonstrated that overexpression of miR-7 markedly inhibited GC metastasis. Moreover, the insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF1R) oncogene, which is often mutated or amplified in human cancers and functions as an important regulator of cell growth and tumor invasion, was identified as a direct target of miR-7. Silencing of IGF1R using small interefering RNA (siRNA) recapitulated the anti-metastatic function of miR-7, whereas restoring the IGF1R expression attenuated the function of miR-7 in GC cells. Furthermore, we found that suppression of Snail by miR-7, through targeting IGF1R, increased E-cadherin expression and partially reversed the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Finally, analyses of miR-7 and IGF1R levels in human primary GC with matched lymph node metastasis tissue arrays revealed that miR-7 is inversely correlated with IGF1R expression. The present study provides insight into the specific biological behavior of miR-7 in EMT and tumor metastasis. Targeting this novel miR-7/IGF1R/Snail axis would be helpful as a therapeutic approach to block GC metastasis."	0
"Title: Overexpression of miR-21 promotes an in vitro metastatic phenotype by targeting the tumor suppressor RHOB. Abstract: Metastasis is a multistep process that involves the deregulation of oncogenes and tumor suppressors beyond changes required for primary tumor formation. RHOB is known to have tumor suppressor activity, and its knockdown is associated with more aggressive tumors as well as changes in cell shape, migration, and adhesion. This study shows that oncogenic microRNA, miR-21, represses RHOB expression by directly targeting the 3' untranslated region. Loss of miR-21 is associated with an elevation of RHOB in hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines Huh-7 and HepG2 and in the metastatic breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231. Using in vitro models of distinct stages of metastasis, we showed that loss of miR-21 also causes a reduction in migration, invasion, and cell elongation. The reduction in migration and cell elongation can be mimicked by overexpression of RHOB. Furthermore, changes in miR-21 expression lead to alterations in matrix metalloproteinase-9 activity. Therefore, we conclude that miR-21 promotes multiple components of the metastatic phenotype in vitro by regulating several important tumor suppressors, including RHOB."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 attenuates EMT and metastatic potential in breast cancer. Abstract: Metastasis is the major cause of carcinoma-induced death, but mechanisms involved are poorly understood. Metastasis crucially involves epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), causing loss of epithelial polarity. Here we identify Annexin A1 (AnxA1), a protein with important functions in intracellular vesicle trafficking, as an efficient suppressor of EMT and metastasis in breast cancer. AnxA1 levels were strongly reduced in EMT of mammary epithelial cells, in metastatic murine and human cell lines and in metastatic mouse and human carcinomas. RNAi-mediated AnxA1 knockdown cooperated with oncogenic Ras to induce TGF?-independent EMT and metastasis in non-metastatic cells. Strikingly, forced AnxA1 expression in metastatic mouse and human mammary carcinoma cells reversed EMT and abolished metastasis. AnxA1 knockdown stimulated multiple signalling pathways but only Tyk2/Stat3 and Erk1/2 signalling were essential for EMT."	0
"Title: miR-103/107 promote metastasis of colorectal cancer by targeting the metastasis suppressors DAPK and KLF4. Abstract: Metastasis is the major cause of poor prognosis in colorectal cancer (CRC), and increasing evidence supports the contribution of miRNAs to cancer progression. Here, we found that high expression of miR-103 and miR-107 (miR-103/107) was associated with metastasis potential of CRC cell lines and poor prognosis in patients with CRC. We showed that miR-103/107 targeted the known metastasis suppressors death-associated protein kinase (DAPK) and Krüppel-like factor 4 (KLF4) in CRC cells, resulting in increased cell motility and cell-matrix adhesion and decreased cell-cell adhesion and epithelial marker expression. miR-103/107 expression was increased in the presence of hypoxia, thereby potentiating DAPK and KLF4 downregulation and hypoxia-induced motility and invasiveness. In mouse models of CRC, miR-103/107 overexpression potentiated local invasion and liver metastasis effects, which were suppressed by reexpression of DAPK or KLF4. miR-103/107-mediated downregulation of DAPK and KLF4 also enabled the colonization of CRC cells at a metastatic site. Clinically, the signature of a miR-103/107 high, DAPK low, and KLF4 low expression profile correlated with the extent of lymph node and distant metastasis in patients with CRC and served as a prognostic marker for metastasis recurrence and poor survival. Our findings therefore indicate that miR-103/107-mediated repression of DAPK and KLF4 promotes metastasis in CRC, and this regulatory circuit may contribute in part to hypoxia-stimulated tumor metastasis. Strategies that disrupt this regulation might be developed to block CRC metastasis."	0
Title: Cancer metastasis: building a framework. Abstract: Metastasis occurs when genetically unstable cancer cells adapt to a tissue microenvironment that is distant from the primary tumor. This process involves both the selection of traits that are advantageous to cancer cells and the concomitant recruitment of traits in the tumor stroma that accommodate invasion by metastatic cells. Recent conceptual and technological advances promote our understanding of the origins and nature of cancer metastasis.	0
"Title: MALAT1-miR-124-RBG2 axis is involved in growth and invasion of HR-HPV-positive cervical cancer cells. Abstract: Metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (MALAT 1) is a large, infrequently spliced non-coding RNA aberrantly expressed in cervical cancer. But the molecular mechanisms of its oncogenic role are still not quite clear. The present study explored whether there is a competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs) mechanism involved in the oncogenic effect of MALAT1. MALAT1 expression was firstly verified in high-risk human papillomavirus (HR-HPV)-positive tumor tissues and cell lines. Its regulation over miR-124 and the downstream target of miR-124 in regulation of growth, invasion, and apoptosis of the cancer cells are also studied. Findings of this study confirmed higher MALAT1 expression in HR-HPV (+) cervical cancer. Knockdown of endogenous MALAT1 significantly reduced cell growth rate and invasion and increased cell apoptosis of Hela and siHa cells. Besides, knockdown of MALAT1 increased the expression of miRNA-124, while ectopic expression of miR-124 decreased MALAT1 expression. In addition, we also verified a direct interaction between miR-124 and 3'UTR of GRB2. MALAT1 can indirectly modulate GRB2 expression via competing miR-124. Knockdown of GRB2 reduced cell invasion and increased cell apoptosis. In conclusion, MALAT1 can promote HR-HPV (+) cancer cell growth and invasion at least partially through the MALAT1-miR-124-RBG2 axis. This finding might provide some useful evidence about the lncRNA interaction regulatory network in tumorigenesis cervical cancer."	0
"Title: ZEB1 drives prometastatic actin cytoskeletal remodeling by downregulating miR-34a expression. Abstract: Metastatic cancer is extremely difficult to treat, and the presence of metastases greatly reduces a cancer patient's likelihood of long-term survival. The ZEB1 transcriptional repressor promotes metastasis through downregulation of microRNAs (miRs) that are strong inducers of epithelial differentiation and inhibitors of stem cell factors. Given that each miR can target multiple genes with diverse functions, we posited that the prometastatic network controlled by ZEB1 extends beyond these processes. We tested this hypothesis using a mouse model of human lung adenocarcinoma metastasis driven by ZEB1, human lung carcinoma cells, and human breast carcinoma cells. Transcriptional profiling studies revealed that ZEB1 controls the expression of numerous oncogenic and tumor-suppressive miRs, including miR-34a. Ectopic expression of miR-34a decreased tumor cell invasion and metastasis, inhibited the formation of promigratory cytoskeletal structures, suppressed activation of the RHO GTPase family, and regulated a gene expression signature enriched in cytoskeletal functions and predictive of outcome in human lung adenocarcinomas. We identified several miR-34a target genes, including Arhgap1, which encodes a RHO GTPase activating protein that was required for tumor cell invasion. These findings demonstrate that ZEB1 drives prometastatic actin cytoskeletal remodeling by downregulating miR-34a expression and provide a compelling rationale to develop miR-34a as a therapeutic agent in lung cancer patients."	0
"Title: Contextual extracellular cues promote tumor cell EMT and metastasis by regulating miR-200 family expression. Abstract: Metastatic disease is a primary cause of cancer-related death, and factors governing tumor cell metastasis have not been fully elucidated. Here, we address this question by using tumor cell lines derived from mice that develop metastatic lung adenocarcinoma owing to expression of mutant K-ras and p53. Despite having widespread somatic genetic alterations, the metastasis-prone tumor cells retained a marked plasticity. They transited reversibly between epithelial and mesenchymal states, forming highly polarized epithelial spheres in three-dimensional culture that underwent epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) following treatment with transforming growth factor-beta or injection into syngeneic mice. This transition was entirely dependent on the microRNA (miR)-200 family, which decreased during EMT. Forced expression of miR-200 abrogated the capacity of these tumor cells to undergo EMT, invade, and metastasize, and conferred transcriptional features of metastasis-incompetent tumor cells. We conclude that tumor cell metastasis is regulated by miR-200 expression, which changes in response to contextual extracellular cues."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 in primary tumors promotes melanoma dissemination. Abstract: Metastatic melanoma is one of the most aggressive forms of skin cancer and has a poor prognosis. We have previously identified Annexin A1 (ANXA1) as a potential murine melanoma-spreading factor that may modulate cell invasion by binding to formyl peptide receptors (FPRs). Here, we report that (1) in a B16Bl6 spontaneous metastasis model, a siRNA-induced decrease in tumoral ANXA1 expression significantly reduced tumoral MMP2 activity and number of lung metastases; (2) in a retrospective study of 61 patients, metastasis-free survival was inversely related to ANXA1 expression levels in primary tumors (HR 3.15 [1.03-9.69], p = 0.045); (3) in human melanoma cell lines, ANXA1 level was positively correlated with in vitro invasion capacity whereas normal melanocytes contained low ANXA1 levels, and (4) the ANXA1 N-terminal peptide ANXA12-26 stimulated MMP2 activity after interaction with FPRs and significantly stimulated the in vitro invasion of melanomas by acting on FPRs. These findings identify ANXA1 as a proinvasive protein in melanoma that holds promise as a potential prognostic marker and therapeutic target."	0
"Title: A microRNA regulon that mediates endothelial recruitment and metastasis by cancer cells. Abstract: Metastatic progression of cancer is a complex and clinically daunting process. We previously identified a set of human microRNAs (miRNAs) that robustly suppress breast cancer metastasis to lung and bone and which display expression levels that predict human metastasis. Although these findings revealed miRNAs as suppressors of cell-autonomous metastatic phenotypes, the roles of non-coding RNAs in non-cell-autonomous cancer progression processes remain unknown. Here we reveal that endogenous miR-126, an miRNA silenced in a variety of common human cancers, non-cell-autonomously regulates endothelial cell recruitment to metastatic breast cancer cells, in vitro and in vivo. It suppresses metastatic endothelial recruitment, metastatic angiogenesis and metastatic colonization through coordinate targeting of IGFBP2, PITPNC1 and MERTK--novel pro-angiogenic genes and biomarkers of human metastasis. Insulin-like growth factor binding protein 2 (IGFBP2) secreted by metastatic cells recruits endothelia by modulating IGF1-mediated activation of the IGF type-I receptor on endothelial cells; whereas c-Mer tyrosine kinase (MERTK) receptor cleaved from metastatic cells promotes endothelial recruitment by competitively antagonizing the binding of its ligand GAS6 to endothelial MERTK receptors. Co-injection of endothelial cells with breast cancer cells non-cell-autonomously rescues their miR-126-induced metastatic defect, revealing a novel and important role for endothelial interactions in metastatic initiation. Through loss-of-function and epistasis experiments, we delineate an miRNA regulatory network's individual components as novel and cell-extrinsic regulators of endothelial recruitment, angiogenesis and metastatic colonization. We also identify the IGFBP2/IGF1/IGF1R and GAS6/MERTK signalling pathways as regulators of cancer-mediated endothelial recruitment. Our work further reveals endothelial recruitment and endothelial interactions in the tumour microenvironment to be critical features of metastatic breast cancer."	0
"Title: The interplay between transcription factors and microRNAs in genome-scale regulatory networks. Abstract: Metazoan genomes contain thousands of protein-coding and non-coding RNA genes, most of which are differentially expressed, i.e., at different locations, at different times during development, or in response to environmental signals. Differential gene expression is achieved through complex regulatory networks that are controlled in part by two types of trans-regulators: transcription factors (TFs) and microRNAs (miRNAs). TFs bind to cis-regulatory DNA elements that are often located in or near their target genes, while miRNAs hybridize to cis-regulatory RNA elements mostly located in the 3' untranslated region of their target mRNAs. Here, we describe how these trans-regulators interact with each other in the context of gene regulatory networks to coordinate gene expression at the genome-scale level, and discuss future challenges of integrating these networks with other types of functional networks."	0
"Title: Lentivirus-mediated antagomir expression for specific inhibition of miRNA function. Abstract: Micro RNAs (miRNA) regulate gene expression by hybridization and recruitment of multi-protein complexes to complementary mRNA target sequences. miRNA function can transiently be antagonized by antagomirs-chemically modified oligonucleotides complementary to individual miRNAs. Here, we describe the induction of stable loss-of-function phenotypes for specific miRNAs by lentivirus-mediated antagomir expression. Lentivirally expressed antagomirs are transcribed from a H1-promoter located within the lentiviral 3'LTR and were directed against miRNAs encoded on the polycistronic miR17-92 transcript. Functional silencing of miR-18a, miR-19b and miR-20a by the corresponding antagomirs specifically relieves miRNA-mediated reporter gene repression. Inhibition of miRNA function correlates to reduction of 'miRNA' amplification by miRNA-specific quantitative RT-PCR. Furthermore, protein expression of E2F-1, a known miR-20 target, is enhanced by lentivirally expressed anti-miR-20 antagomirs in a dose-dependent manner, whereas over-expression of miR-20a reduces E2F-1 levels. Finally, combined over-expression of specific miRNAs and antagomirs reveals individual and complementary functions of miR-18a and miR-20a and demonstrates specific miRNA impact on cell proliferation in a cell culture model."	0
"Title: Instability of miRNA and cDNAs derivatives in RNA preparations. Abstract: Micro RNAs (miRNAs) are small RNA molecules, which function as important regulators of gene expression. We found that RNA preparation methods commonly utilized for miRNA expression studies yield highly unstable miRNAs. We studied the stability of four miRNAs belonging to different miRNAs families. A significant degradation of these molecules may be observed already three days after RNA isolation. Moreover, the respective cDNAs are highly unstable as well. Our findings indicate that instability of miRNAs and their cDNAs should be considered when designing miRNA expression studies."	0
"Title: miR-145-dependent targeting of junctional adhesion molecule A and modulation of fascin expression are associated with reduced breast cancer cell motility and invasiveness. Abstract: Micro RNAs are small non-coding RNAs, which regulate fundamental cellular and developmental processes at the transcriptional and translational level. In breast cancer, miR-145 expression is downregulated compared with healthy control tissue. As several predicted targets of miR-145 potentially regulate cell motility, we aimed at investigating a potential role for miR-145 in breast cancer cell motility and invasiveness. Assisted by Affymetrix array technology, we demonstrate that overexpression of miR-145 in MDA-MB-231, MCF-7, MDA-MB-468 and SK-BR-3 breast cancer cells and in Ishikawa endometrial carcinoma cells leads to a downregulation of the cell-cell adhesion protein JAM-A and of the actin bundling protein fascin. Moreover, podocalyxin and Serpin E1 mRNA levels were downregulated, and gamma-actin, transgelin and MYL9 were upregulated upon miR-145 overexpression. These miR-145-dependent expression changes drastically decreased cancer cell motility, as revealed by time-lapse video microscopy, scratch wound closure assays and matrigel invasion assays. Immunofluorescence microscopy demonstrated restructuring of the actin cytoskeleton and a change in cell morphology by miR-145 overexpression, resulting in a more cortical actin distribution, and reduced actin stress fiber and filopodia formation. Nuclear rotation was observed in 10% of the pre-miR-145 transfected MDA-MB-231 cells, accompanied by a reduction of perinuclear actin. Luciferase activation assays confirmed direct miR-145-dependent regulation of the 3'UTR of JAM-A, whereas siRNA-mediated knockdown of JAM-A expression resulted in decreased motility and invasiveness of MDA-MB-231 and MCF-7 breast cancer cells. Our data identify JAM-A and fascin as novel targets of miR-145, firmly establishing a role for miR-145 in modulating breast cancer cell motility. Our data provide a rationale for future miR-145-targeted approaches of antimetastatic cancer therapy."	0
"Title: A non-canonical landscape of the microRNA system. Abstract: Microribonucleic acids, best known as microRNAs or miRNAs, are small, non-coding RNAs with important regulatory roles in eukaryotic cells. Here, I present a broad review on highly relevant but generally non-depicted features of miRNAs, among which stand out the non-conventional miRNA seed sites, the unusual messenger RNA (mRNA) target regions, the non-canonical miRNA-guided mechanisms of gene expression regulation, and the recently identified new class of miRNA ligands. Furthermore, I address the miRNA uncommon genomic location, transcription, and subcellular localization. Altogether, these unusual features and roles place the miRNA system as a very diverse, complex, and intriguing biological mechanism."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits migration and invasion via inhibition of fascin 1 protein expression in non-small-cell lung cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNA (miR)-145 has been shown to act as a suppressor in numerous cancer types, including non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Fascin 1 (FSCN1), an actin bundling protein, has been implicated in NSCLC. However, the detailed role of miR-145 as well as the association between miR-145 and FSCN1 in the regulation of migration and invasion in NSCLC cells has remained elusive. The present study revealed that miR-145 was downregulated and FSCN1 was upregulated in NSCLC tissues and cell lines. Further investigation showed that overexpression of miR-145 markedly inhibited the protein expression of FSCN1, while knockdown of miR-145 upregulated the protein (but not mRNA) levels of FSCN1 in the NSCLC cell line H129. Moreover, a luciferase reporter assay indicated that FSCN1 is a direct target of miR-145 in NSCLC H129 cells. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-145 markedly inhibited the migration and invasion of NSCLC cells, similar to the effect of small interfering RNA-mediated FSCN1 inhibition in H129 cells. In addition, the inhibitory effect of miR-145 overexpression on migration and invasion was reversed by FSCN1 upregulation in H129 cells. These findings suggested that miR-145 has an inhibitory effect on the migration and invasion in NSCLC cells, at least in part through suppressing the protein expression of its target FSCN1. Therefore, miR-145/FSCN1 may be used as a potential target for the treatment of NSCLC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145-5p inhibits gastric cancer invasiveness through targeting N-cadherin and ZEB2 to suppress epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: MicroRNA (miR)-145-5p has been reported to function as a suppressor of cancer and plays an important role in cancer invasiveness. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is an important process in cancer invasion and migration. However, the involvement of miR-145-5p in EMT in human gastric cancer (GC) remains unclear. In this study, we aimed to investigate the molecular mechanisms by which miR-145-5p regulates EMT in GC invasiveness. We used quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction to investigate the miR-145-5p expression level in GC and matched normal tissues. The effects of miR-145-5p on GC cell invasion and migration abilities were evaluated using Transwell models. The relationships among miR-145-5p and zinc-finger E-box binding homeobox 2 (ZEB2), E-cadherin, and N-cadherin were analyzed by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and Western blot analyses. miR-145-5p levels in primary GC tissues obtained from 60 patients were significantly downregulated, compared to those in paired normal tissues. Lauren classification, depth of tumor invasion, lymph node metastasis, lymphatic invasion, and tumor-node-metastasis stage were associated with miR-145-5p expression. miR-145-5p inhibits the expression of the candidate target gene ZEB2 to delay the invasion and migration of GC cells. ZEB2 acts as transcriptional repressor of E-cadherin, while miR-145-5p is known to suppress N-cadherin directly to regulate EMT. Therefore, we concluded that miR-145-5p may target N-cadherin and ZEB2 directly to influence EMT."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-150 predicts a favorable prognosis in patients with epithelial ovarian cancer, and inhibits cell invasion and metastasis by suppressing transcriptional repressor ZEB1. Abstract: MicroRNA (miR)-150 has been reported to be dramatically downregulated in human epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) tissues and patients' serum compared to normal controls. This study aimed to investigate clinical significance and molecular mechanisms of miR-150 in EOC. In the current study, quantitative real-time PCR analysis showed that miR-150 was significantly downregulated in human EOC tissues compared to normal tissue samples. Then, we demonstrated the significant associations of miR-150 downregulation with aggressive clinicopathological features of EOC patients, including high clinical stage and pathological grade, and shorter overall and progression-free survivals. More importantly, the multivariate analysis identified miR-150 expression as an independent prognostic biomarker in EOC. After that, luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that Zinc Finger E-Box Binding Homeobox 1 (ZEB1), a crucial regulator of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), was a direct target of miR-150 in EOC cells. Moreover, we found that the ectopic expression of miR-150 could efficiently inhibit cell proliferation, invasion and metastasis by suppressing the expression of ZEB1. Furthermore, we also observed a significantly negative correlation between miR-150 and ZEB1 mRNA expression in EOC tissues (rs = -0.45, P<0.001). In conclusion, these findings offer the convincing evidence that aberrant expression of miR-150 may play a role in tumor progression and prognosis in patients with EOC. Moreover, our data reveal that miR-150 may function as a tumor suppressor and modulate EOC cell proliferation, and invasion by directly and negatively regulating ZEB1, implying the re-expression of miR-150 might be a potential therapeutic strategy for EOC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA signatures in human cancers. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) alterations are involved in the initiation and progression of human cancer. The causes of the widespread differential expression of miRNA genes in malignant compared with normal cells can be explained by the location of these genes in cancer-associated genomic regions, by epigenetic mechanisms and by alterations in the miRNA processing machinery. MiRNA-expression profiling of human tumours has identified signatures associated with diagnosis, staging, progression, prognosis and response to treatment. In addition, profiling has been exploited to identify miRNA genes that might represent downstream targets of activated oncogenic pathways, or that target protein-coding genes involved in cancer."	0
"Title: Altered expression of miR-17-5p in CD4+ lymphocytes of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis patients. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) are a class of post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression targeting mRNA for translational repression and/or degradation. We analyzed the expression of 365 miRNA in lymphocytes in relapsing-remitting MS patients, and show the first evidence for distinct miRNA expression profiles in CD4(+), CD8(+) and B cells in MS when compared with those in healthy volunteers. MiR-17-5p, which is involved in autoimmunity, was up-regulated in CD4(+) cells from MS patients. This was correlated with alterations in the expression of potential target genes of miR-17-5p, i.e. phosphatase and tensin homology and phosphatidyl-inositol-3-kinase regulatory subunit 1, which were down-regulated upon stimulation of CD4(+) cells with anti-CD3/CD28 in vitro. Functional experiments with a synthetic inhibitor of miR-17 supported the link between miRNA expression and the altered target gene expression. Moreover, we found distinct responses of deregulated miRNA to stimulation, i.e. miR-17-5p and miR-193a were strongly up-regulated, in contrast to the down-regulation of miR-497, miR-1 and miR-126. Other deregulated miRNA did not respond to the stimulation probably due to other, non-T-cell activation related, mechanisms in their mode of action. Our findings support the role of miRNA-dependent regulatory mechanisms in the immunopathogenesis of MS."	0
"Title: Involvement of human micro-RNA in growth and response to chemotherapy in human cholangiocarcinoma cell lines. Abstract: Micro-RNA (miRNA) are endogenous regulatory RNA molecules that modulate gene expression. Alterations in miRNA expression can contribute to tumor growth by modulating the functional expression of critical genes involved in tumor cell proliferation or survival. Our aims were to identify specific miRNA involved in the regulation of cholangiocarcinoma growth and response to chemotherapy. Methods: miRNA expression in malignant and nonmalignant human cholangiocytes was assessed using a microarray. Expression of selected miRNA and their precursors was evaluated by Northern blots and real-time polymerase chain reaction, respectively. The effect of selected miRNA on cell growth and response to chemotherapy was assessed using miRNA-specific antisense oligonucleotides to decrease miRNA expression or with precursor miRNA to increase cellular expression. Results: miRNA expression was markedly different in malignant cholangiocytes, with decreased expression of many miRNA compared with nonmalignant cells. A cluster of miRNA, including miR-320, miR-200b, miR-21, miR-23a, miR-141, miR-27a, and miR-34a, were expressed in all cell lines. MiR-21, miR-141, and miR-200b were highly over-expressed in malignant cholangiocytes. Inhibition of miR-21 and miR-200b increased sensitivity to gemcitabine, whereas inhibition of miR-141 decreased cell growth. Treatment of tumor cell xenografts with systemic gemcitabine altered the expression of a significant number of miRNA. miR-21 modulates gemcitabine-induced apoptosis by phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN)-dependent activation of PI 3-kinase signaling. Potential target genes that were modulated by selected miRNA were identified. Conclusions: Alterations in miRNA expression contribute to tumor growth and response to chemotherapy. Aberrantly expressed miRNA or their targets will provide mechanistic insight and therapeutic targets for cholangiocarcinoma."	0
"Title: Altered expression of microRNA-203 in rheumatoid arthritis synovial fibroblasts and its role in fibroblast activation. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) are recognized as important regulators of a variety of fundamental biologic processes. Previously, we described increased expression of miR-155 and miR-146a in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and showed a repressive effect of miR-155 on matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) expression in RA synovial fibroblasts (RASFs). The present study was undertaken to examine alterations in expression of miR-203 in RASFs and analyze its role in fibroblast activation. Methods: Differentially expressed miRNA in RASFs versus osteoarthritis synovial fibroblasts (OASFs) were identified by real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR)-based screening of 260 individual miRNA. Transfection of miR-203 precursor was used to analyze the function of miR-203 in RASFs. Levels of interleukin-6 (IL-6) and MMPs were measured by real-time PCR and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. RASFs were stimulated with IL-1?, tumor necrosis factor ? (TNF?), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and 5-azacytidine (5-azaC). Activity of I?B kinase 2 was inhibited with SC-514. Results: Expression of miR-203 was higher in RASFs than in OASFs or fibroblasts from healthy donors. Levels of miR-203 did not change upon stimulation with IL-1?, TNF?, or LPS; however, DNA demethylation with 5-azaC increased the expression of miR-203. Enforced expression of miR-203 led to significantly increased levels of MMP-1 and IL-6. Induction of IL-6 by miR-203 overexpression was inhibited by blocking of the NF-?B pathway. Basal expression levels of IL-6 correlated with basal expression levels of miR-203. Conclusion: The current results demonstrate methylation-dependent regulation of miR-203 expression in RASFs. Importantly, they also show that elevated levels of miR-203 lead to increased secretion of MMP-1 and IL-6 via the NF-?B pathway and thereby contribute to the activated phenotype of synovial fibroblasts in RA."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in multiple sclerosis and experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) are small non-coding RNA molecules about 21-25 nucleotides long. They control gene regulation by translational repression and cleavage. Several studies have shown that many miRNA are associated with the etiology of different diseases. Recent developments in diverse miRNA profiling platforms like microarray and quantitative real-time PCR may enable the identification of specific miRNA as novel diagnostic and predictive markers for various diseases. MiRNAs could even be used as therapeutic drug targets. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic autoimmune disease affecting the central nervous system. Dysregulated immune system processes result in demyelination of neurons and consequently, electrical impulses that travel along the nerves are disrupted resulting in the impairment of organs. In the past three years, there has been an increased interest in establishing miRNA-based biomarkers for MS. So far, there are six studies on miRNA expression in MS patients in which first miRNAs were discovered as potential disease markers. For instance, one study showed that blood levels of miR-145 can discriminate MS patients from healthy controls, and another showed that active lesions in the brain are characterized by a strong up-regulation of miR-155. Studies on experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (EAE), the animal model of MS, further support the significance of miRNA as e.g. mice with miR-155 deletion are highly resistant to EAE. Such investigations help to understand the molecular processes involved in the disease. The identification of miRNA markers that are associated with type of MS, individual disease activity or clinical progression under treatment may open new avenues for early diagnosis and optimized therapy of MS."	0
"Title: Profiling analysis of circulating microRNA expression in cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) expression is altered in cancer cells and is associated with the development and progression of various types of cancer. Accordingly, miRNAs may serve as diagnostic or prognostic biomarkers in cancer patients. In this study, we attempted to analyze circulating exosomal miRNA in patients with cervical cancer. Total RNA was extracted from the serum of healthy subjects, subjects with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) and patients with cervical cancer. We first investigated miRNA expression profiles in 6 serum samples from healthy subjects and patients with cervical cancer using the miRCURY LNA microRNA array. miRNAs with significant differences in expression were validated in a larger sample set by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction, using TaqMan gene expression assays. The results of the miRCURY LNA microRNA array indicated that 6 of 1,223 miRNAs found in serum samples from cervical cancer patients and normal controls exhibited a >3.0-fold change in expression level in subjects with cervical cancer, with a P-value of <0.01. In a validation set (n=131) that investigated the expression of 4 of the 6 miRNAs (miR-483-5p, miR-1246, miR-1275 and miR-1290), miR-1290 was found to have significantly higher expression levels in cervical cancer samples (n=45) compared with control samples (n=31). We also found that the median levels of these miRNAs were significantly higher in subjects with cervical cancer (n=45) compared with those in subjects with CIN (n=55). Circulating miRNAs were not correlated with clinicopathological parameters. However, receiver operating characteristic curve analysis suggested that these serum miRNAs may be useful diagnostic markers in cervical cancer. The expression of circulating miR-1290 was significantly higher in the blood of cervical cancer patients compared with that in controls and may thus serve as a useful biomarker in cervical cancer diagnosis. However, larger studies are required to fully elucidate the role of circulating exosomal miRNAs in cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Altered expression of microRNA miR-21, miR-155, and let-7a and their roles in pulmonary neuroendocrine tumors. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) has a critical effect on tumorigenesis through post-transcriptional modification and is considered to be potential biomarkers for cancer diagnosis and treatment monitoring. We evaluated the expression pattern of three selected miRNAs (miR-21, miR-155, and let-7a) to evaluate their potential roles by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction using formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded tissues of 63 surgically resected pulmonary neuroendocrine (NE) tumors (19 typical carcinoids (TCs), 6 atypical carcinoids (ACs), 19 large cell NE carcinomas (LCNECs), and 19 small cell lung carcinomas (SCLCs). Control amplification for U6 small nuclear RNA (U6) was performed in all samples. Normalized Ct values were calculated (Ct(Experimental miRNA) -Ct(U6) ) for each case and recorded. The expression levels of miR-21 and miR-155 were significantly higher in high-grade NE carcinomas (LCNECs and SCLCs) than in carcinoid tumors (TCs and ACs) (each P < 0.001). The expression level of miR-21 in carcinoid tumors with lymph node metastasis was significantly higher than in carcinoid tumors without lymph node metastasis (P= 0.010). To the best of our knowledge, the present study is the first to examine the expression patterns of miR-21 and miR-155 as an adjunctive diagnostic tool or clinically relevant biomarkers for pulmonary NE tumors."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-125a contributes to elevated inflammatory chemokine RANTES levels via targeting KLF13 in systemic lupus erythematosus. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) have received increasing attention as posttranscriptional regulators that fine-tune the homeostasis of the inflammatory response. This study aimed to clarify whether miR-125a, which was identified in a pilot expression profiling step, is involved in the inflammatory chemokine pathway in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: Independent verification of miR-125a expression in amplified samples from SLE patients and normal controls was performed by TaqMan quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) analysis. A combination of 3 bioinformatic prediction techniques and reporter gene assays was used to identify miR-125a targets. In vitro systems of overexpression by transfection and inducible expression by stimulation were performed to investigate the function of miR-125a, which was followed by real-time quantitative PCR and enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: In SLE patients, the expression of miR-125a was reduced and the expression of its predicted target gene, KLF13, was increased. Bioinformatics predicted that miR-125a base-paired with sequences in the 3'-untranslated region of KLF13. Overexpression of miR-125a led to a significant reduction in the expression of RANTES and KLF13. MicroRNA-125a inhibited endogenous KLF13 expression in a dose-dependent manner, as determined using gain- and loss-of-function methods. A luciferase reporter system confirmed the miR-125a binding sites. Notably, miR-125a expression was induced in T cells in a dose- and time-dependent manner. Finally, the introduction of miR-125a into T cells from SLE patients alleviated the elevated RANTES expression. Conclusion: MicroRNA-125a negatively regulates RANTES expression by targeting KLF13 in activated T cells. The underexpression of miR-125a contributes to the elevated expression of RANTES in SLE. Our findings extend the role of miRNA in the pathogenesis of lupus and provide potential strategies for therapeutic intervention."	0
"Title: Detection of microRNA as novel biomarkers of epithelial ovarian cancer from the serum of ovarian cancer patients. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) is an abundant class of small noncoding RNAs that act as gene regulators. Recent studies have suggested that miRNA deregulation is associated with the initiation and progression of human cancer. However, information about cancer-related miRNA is mostly limited to tissue miRNA. The aim of this study was to find specific profiles of serum-derived miRNAs of ovarian cancer based on a comparative study using a miRNA microarray of serum, tissue, and ascites. Methods: From 2 ovarian cancer patients and a healthy control, total RNA was isolated from their serum, tissue, and ascites, respectively, and analyzed by a microarray. Under the comparative study of each miRNA microarray, we sorted out several miRNAs showing a consistent regulation tendency throughout all 3 specimens and the greatest range of alteration in serum as potential biomarkers. The availability of biomarkers was confirmed by qRT-PCR of 18 patients and 12 controls. Results: Out of 2222 kinds of total miRNAs that were identified in the microarray analysis, 95 miRNAs were down-regulated and 88 miRNAs were up-regulated, in the serum, tissue, and ascites of cancer patients. Among the miRNAs that showed a consistent regulation tendency through all specimens and showed more than a 2-fold difference in serum, 5 miRNAs (miR-132, miR-26a, let-7b, miR-145, and miR-143) were determined as the 5 most markedly down-regulated miRNAs in the serum from ovarian cancer patients with respect to those of controls. Four miRNAs (miR-132, miR-26a, let-7b, and miR-145) out of 5 selected miRNAs were significantly underexpressed in the serum of ovarian cancer patients in qRT-PCR. Conclusions: Serum miR-132, miR-26a, let-7b, and miR-145 could be considered as potential candidates as novel biomarkers in serous ovarian cancer. Also, serum miRNAs is a promising and useful tool for discriminating between controls and patients with serous ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-196a is a putative diagnostic biomarker and therapeutic target for laryngeal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) is an emerging subclass of small non-coding RNAs that regulates gene expression and has a pivotal role for many physiological processes including cancer development. Recent reports revealed the role of miRNAs as ideal biomarkers and therapeutic targets due to their tissue- or disease-specific nature. Head and neck cancer (HNC) is a major cause of cancer-related mortality and morbidity, and laryngeal cancer has the highest incidence in it. However, the molecular mechanisms involved in laryngeal cancer development remain to be known and highly sensitive biomarkers and novel promising therapy is necessary. Methodology/principal findings: To explore laryngeal cancer-specific miRNAs, RNA from 5 laryngeal surgical specimens including cancer and non-cancer tissues were hybridized to microarray carrying 723 human miRNAs. The resultant differentially expressed miRNAs were further tested by using quantitative real time PCR (qRT-PCR) on 43 laryngeal tissue samples including cancers, noncancerous counterparts, benign diseases and precancerous dysplasias. Significant expressional differences between matched pairs were reproduced in miR-133b, miR-455-5p, and miR-196a, among which miR-196a being the most promising cancer biomarker as validated by qRT-PCR analyses on additional 84 tissue samples. Deep sequencing analysis revealed both quantitative and qualitative deviation of miR-196a isomiR expression in laryngeal cancer. In situ hybridization confirmed laryngeal cancer-specific expression of miR-196a in both cancer and cancer stroma cells. Finally, inhibition of miR-196a counteracted cancer cell proliferation in both laryngeal cancer-derived cells and mouse xenograft model. Conclusions/significance: Our study provided the possibilities that miR-196a might be very useful in diagnosing and treating laryngeal cancer."	0
"Title: Profiles of miRNA Isoforms and tRNA Fragments in Prostate Cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) isoforms (""isomiRs"") and tRNA-derived fragments (""tRFs"") are powerful regulatory non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs). In human tissues, both types of molecules are abundant, with expression patterns that depend on a person's race, sex and population origin. Here, we present our analyses of the Prostate Cancer (PRAD) datasets of The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) from the standpoint of isomiRs and tRFs. This study represents the first simultaneous examination of isomiRs and tRFs in a large cohort of PRAD patients. We find that isomiRs and tRFs have extensive correlations with messenger RNAs (mRNAs). These correlations are disrupted in PRAD, which suggests disruptions of the regulatory network in the disease state. Notably, we find that the profiles of isomiRs and tRFs differ in patients belonging to different races. We hope that the presented findings can lay the groundwork for future research efforts aimed at elucidating the functional roles of the numerous and distinct members of these two categories of ncRNAs that are present in PRAD."	0
"Title: Plasma microRNAs are promising novel biomarkers for early detection of colorectal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) opens up a new field for molecular diagnosis of cancer. However, the role of circulating miRNAs in plasma/serum in cancer diagnosis is not clear. The aim of this study was to investigate whether plasma miRNAs can be used as biomarkers for the early detection of colorectal carcinoma (CRC). We measured the levels of 12 miRNAs (miR-134, -146a, -17-3p, -181d, -191, -221, -222, -223, -25, -29a, -320a and -92a) in plasma samples from patients with advanced colorectal neoplasia (carcinomas and advanced adenomas) and healthy controls using real-time RT-PCR. We found that plasma miR-29a and miR-92a have significant diagnostic value for advanced neoplasia. MiR-29a yielded an AUC (the areas under the ROC curve) of 0.844 and miR-92a yielded an AUC of 0.838 in discriminating CRC from controls. More importantly, these 2 miRNAs also could discriminate advanced adenomas from controls and yielded an AUC of 0.769 for miR-29a and 0.749 for miR-92a. Combined ROC analyses using these 2 miRNAs revealed an elevated AUC of 0.883 with 83.0% sensitivity and 84.7% specificity in discriminating CRC, and AUC of 0.773 with 73.0% sensitivity and 79.7% specificity in discriminating advanced adenomas. Collectively, these data suggest that plasma miR-29a and miR-92a have strong potential as novel noninvasive biomarkers for early detection of CRC."	0
"Title: Essential and overlapping functions for mammalian Argonautes in microRNA silencing. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA) silencing fine-tunes protein output and regulates diverse biological processes. Argonaute (Ago) proteins are the core effectors of the miRNA pathway. In lower organisms, multiple Agos have evolved specialized functions for distinct RNA silencing pathways. However, the roles of mammalian Agos have not been well characterized. Here we show that mouse embryonic stem (ES) cells deficient for Ago1-4 are completely defective in miRNA silencing and undergo apoptosis. In miRNA silencing-defective ES cells, the proapoptotic protein Bim, a miRNA target, is increased, and up-regulation of Bim is sufficient to induce ES cell apoptosis. Expression of activated Akt inhibits Bim expression and partially rescues the growth defect in Ago-deficient ES cells. Furthermore, reintroduction of any single Ago into Ago-deficient cells is able to rescue the endogenous miRNA silencing defect and apoptosis. Consistent with this, each Ago is functionally equivalent with bulged miRNA duplexes for translational repression, whereas Ago1 and Ago2 appear to be more effective at utilizing perfectly matched siRNAs. Thus, our results demonstrate that mammalian Agos all contribute to miRNA silencing, and individual Agos have largely overlapping functions in this process."	0
"Title: Novel combination of serum microRNA for detecting breast cancer in the early stage. Abstract: MicroRNA (miRNA), which are stably present in serum, have been reported to be potentially useful for detecting cancer. In the present study, we examined the expression profiles of serum miRNA in several large cohorts to identify novel miRNA that can be used to detect early stage breast cancer. We comprehensively evaluated the serum miRNA expression profiles using highly sensitive microarray analysis. A total of 1280 serum samples of breast cancer patients stored in the National Cancer Center Biobank were used. In addition, 2836 serum samples were obtained from non-cancer controls, 451 from patients with other types of cancers, and 63 from patients with non-breast benign diseases. The samples were divided into a training cohort including non-cancer controls, other cancers and breast cancer, and a test cohort including non-cancer controls and breast cancer. The training cohort was used to identify a combination of miRNA that could detect breast cancer, and the test cohort was used to validate that combination. miRNA expressions were compared between patients with breast cancer and non-breast cancer, and a combination of five miRNA (miR-1246, miR-1307-3p, miR-4634, miR-6861-5p and miR-6875-5p) was found to be able to detect breast cancer. This combination had a sensitivity of 97.3%, specificity of 82.9% and accuracy of 89.7% for breast cancer in the test cohort. In addition, this combination could detect early stage breast cancer (sensitivity of 98.0% for Tis)."	0
"Title: Mechanism of growth inhibition by MicroRNA 145: the role of the IGF-I receptor signaling pathway. Abstract: MicroRNA 145 (miR145) has been proposed as a tumor suppressor. It was previously shown that miR145 targets the 3' UTR of the insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1) and dramatically inhibits the growth of colon cancer cells. miR145 also targets the type 1 insulin-like growth factor receptor (IGF-IR). We show here that an IRS-1 lacking its 3' UTR is no longer down-regulated by miR145 and rescues colon cancer cells from miR145-induced inhibition of growth. An IGF-IR resistant to miR145 (again by elimination of its 3' UTR) is not down-regulated by miR145 but fails to rescue colon cancer cells from growth inhibition. These and other results, taken together, indicate that down-regulation of IRS-1 plays a significant role in the tumor suppressor activity of miR145."	0
"Title: Five Hypermethylated MicroRNA Genes as Potential Markers of Ovarian Cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA and methylation are important epigenetic mechanisms in the pathogenesis of cancer. The role of a group of microRNA hypermethylated genes in the pathogenesis of ovarian cancer was studied and their diagnostic and prognostic potential was evaluated. Studies on a representative sample of 54 ovarian cancer specimens with the use of methyl-specific PCR resulted in detection of five microRNA genes (MIR-9-1, MIR-9-3, MIR-107, MIR-1258, and MIR-130b) methylated in the majority of tumor specimens in comparison with paired specimens of histologically intact tissue (37-57% vs. 4-9%, p<0.01). Methylation of three genes (MIR-9-1, MIR-9-3, and MIR-130b) was significantly (p?0.05) associated with the parameters of ovarian cancer progress (clinical stage, differentiation degree, tumor size, and presence of metastases). These findings attest to oncosuppressive role of the studied microRNA genes (MIR-9-1, MIR-9-3, MIR-107, MIR-1258, and MIR-130b) in the pathogenesis and progress of ovarian cancer and indicated their prognostic potential."	0
"Title: MicroRNA replacement therapy for cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA are small noncoding RNAs that translationally repress their target messenger RNAs. Many microRNAs are expressed at reduced levels in tumors. microRNAs with reduced expression in cancer often regulate oncogenes, resulting in enhanced tumor growth. One therapeutic option is to restore microRNA levels in the tumor to that of the non-diseased tissue. This is possible by delivering microRNA to the tumor in the form of an oligonucleotide mimic or by expressing the microRNA in the cancer using a gene vector. This article surveys the field of oligonucleotide mimics and gene vector approaches to restore microRNA levels in tumors and reviews the literature on experimental and pre-clinical studies that have used these approaches to treat cancer."	0
"Title: Expression of mir-21 and mir-143 in cervical specimens ranging from histologically normal through to invasive cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA expression is severely disrupted in carcinogenesis, however limited evidence is available validating results from cell-line models in human clinical cancer specimens. MicroRNA-21 (mir-21) and microRNA-143 (mir-143) have previously been identified as significantly deregulated in a range of cancers including cervical cancer. Our goal was to investigate the expression patterns of several well-studied microRNA species in cervical samples and compare the results to cell line samples. Methodology/principal findings: We measured the expression of mir-21 and mir-143 in 142 formalin-fixed, paraffin embedded (FFPE) cervical biopsy tissue blocks, collected from Dantec Oncology Clinic, Dakar, Senegal. MicroRNA expression analysis was performed using Taqman-based real-time PCR assays. Protein immunohistochemical staining was also performed to investigate target protein expression on 72 samples. We found that mir-21 expression increased with worsening clinical diagnosis but that mir-143 was not correlated with histology. These observations were in stark contrast to previous reports involving cervical cancer cell lines in which mir-143 was consistently down-regulated but mir-21 largely unaffected. We also identified, for the first time, that cytoplasmic expression of Programmed Cell Death Protein 4 PDCD4; a known target of mir-21) was significantly lower in women with invasive cervical carcinoma (ICC) in comparison to those with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (2-3) or carcinoma in situ (CIN2-3/CIS), although there was no significant correlation between mir-21 and PDCD4 expression, despite previous studies identifying PDCD4 transcript as a known mir-21 target. Conclusions: Whilst microRNA biomarkers have a number of promising features, more studies on expression levels in histologically defined clinical specimens are required to investigate clinical relevance of discovery-based studies. Mir-21 may be of some utility in predictive screening, given that we observed a significant correlation between mir-21 expression level and worsening histological diagnosis of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Induction of apoptosis in the synovium of mice with autoantibody-mediated arthritis by the intraarticular injection of double-stranded MicroRNA-15a. Abstract: MicroRNA is a family of noncoding RNAs that exhibit tissue-specific or developmental stage-specific expression patterns and are associated with human diseases. MicroRNA-15a (miR-15a) is reported to induce cell apoptosis by negatively regulating the expression of Bcl-2, which suppresses the apoptotic processes. The purpose of this study was to investigate whether double-stranded miR-15a administered by intraarticular injection could be taken up by cells and could induce Bcl-2 dysfunction and cell apoptosis in the synovium of arthritic mice in vivo. Methods: Autoantibody-mediated arthritis was induced in male DBA/1J mice. In the experimental group, double-stranded miR-15a labeled with FAM-atelocollagen complex was injected into the knee joint. In the control group, control small interfering RNA-atelocollagen complex was injected into the knee joint. Synovial expression of miR-15a was analyzed by quantitative polymerase chain reaction, FAM by fluorescence microscopy, Bcl-2 by Western blotting, and Bcl-2 and caspase 3 by immunohistochemistry. Results: The expression of miR-15a in the synovium of the experimental group was significantly higher than that in the control group. Green fluorescence emission of FAM was observed in the synovium of the experimental group. Bcl-2 protein was down-regulated and the expression of caspase 3 was increased as compared with that in the control group. Conclusion: These results indicate that the induction of cell apoptosis after intraarticular injection of double-stranded miR-15a occurs through inhibition of the translation of Bcl-2 protein in arthritic synovium."	0
"Title: Overexpression of microRNA-21 regulating PDCD4 during tumorigenesis of liver fluke-associated cholangiocarcinoma contributes to tumor growth and metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNA, an endogenous noncoding RNA modulating gene expression, is a key molecule that by its dysregulation plays roles in inflammatory-driven carcinogenesis. This study aimed to investigate the role of oncomiR miR-21 and its target, the programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) in tumor growth and metastasis of the liver fluke Opisthorchis viverrini-associated cholangiocarcinoma (CCA). The expression levels of miR-21 and PDCD4 were analyzed using the TaqMan miRNA expression assay and immunohistochemistry in liver tissues of both O. viverrini plus N-nitrosodimethylamine (NDMA)-treated hamsters and human CCA samples (n=23 cases). The functional assay for miR-21 was performed in CCA cell lines by the anti-miR-21 and pre-miR-21 transfection procedures. The peak of miR-21 levels were reached at 2 (hyperplastic lesions) and 6 (CCA) months of the O. viverrini plus NDMA-induced group and had a reverse response with its target PDCD4 proteins. In human CCA, miR-21 was overexpressed in tumor tissues when compared with nontumor tissues (P=0.0034) and had a negative correlation with PDCD4 protein (P=0.026). It was also found that high expression of miR-21 was significantly correlated with shorter survival (P<0.05) and lymph node metastasis (P=0.037) of CCA patients. Transient transfection of pre-miR-21 reduced the PDCD4 level and resulted in an increase of M213 CCA cell growth and wound-induced migration ability. These results indicated that miR-21 plays a role in the carcinogenesis and metastasis of O. viverrini-associated CCA by suppressing the function of PDCD4. Modulation of aberrantly expressed miR-21 may be a useful strategy to inhibit tumor cell phenotypes or improve response to chemotherapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-106b is involved in transforming growth factor ?1-induced cell migration by targeting disabled homolog 2 in cervical carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNA-106b (miR-106b) was recently identified as an oncogene participating in cancer progression. Transforming growth factor ?1(TGF-?1) is an indispensable cytokine regulating the local microenvironment, thereby promoting cervical cancer progression. However, the roles of miR-106b in cervical carcinoma progression and TGF-?1-involvement in the tumorigenesis of cervical cancer remain unknown. Methods: The expression of miR-106b in human cervical specimens was detected by real-time PCR analysis and in situ hybridization assay. The effect of miR-106b on cell migration was analyzed by scratch and transwell assays. TGF-?1 was used to induce cell migration. The expression of the miR-106b target gene DAB2 in human cervical tissues and cell lines were measured by qRT-PCR, western blot and immunohistochemistry. Dual-luciferase reporter assay was used to identify DAB2 as a miR-106b-directed target gene. Results: miR-106b was frequently up-regulated in human cervical carcinoma specimens and cervical cancer cell lines. Over-expression of miR-106b significantly promoted HeLa and SiHa cells migration. Likewise, inhibition of miR-106b decreased HeLa and SiHa cells migration. The multifunctional cytokine TGF-? facilitates metastasis in cervical carcinoma. miR-106b inhibitor treatment decreased the TGF-?1-stimulated migration of HeLa and SiHa cells. DAB2, a predicted target gene of miR-106b, was inhibited by TGF-?1 partly through miR-106b and was involved in TGF-?1-induced cervical cancer cell migration. The expression of DAB2 was low in cervical cancer tissues, and negatively correlated with miR-106b expression. Finally, DAB2 was identified as a miR-106b-directed target gene by dual-luciferase reporter assay. Conclusion: Our data suggest that the TGF-?1/miR-106b/DAB2 axis may be involved in the pathogenesis of cervical carcinoma."	0
"Title: Antagonism of microRNA-122 in mice by systemically administered LNA-antimiR leads to up-regulation of a large set of predicted target mRNAs in the liver. Abstract: MicroRNA-122 (miR-122) is an abundant liver-specific miRNA, implicated in fatty acid and cholesterol metabolism as well as hepatitis C viral replication. Here, we report that a systemically administered 16-nt, unconjugated LNA (locked nucleic acid)-antimiR oligonucleotide complementary to the 5' end of miR-122 leads to specific, dose-dependent silencing of miR-122 and shows no hepatotoxicity in mice. Antagonism of miR-122 is due to formation of stable heteroduplexes between the LNA-antimiR and miR-122 as detected by northern analysis. Fluorescence in situ hybridization demonstrated uptake of the LNA-antimiR in mouse liver cells, which was accompanied by markedly reduced hybridization signals for mature miR-122 in treated mice. Functional antagonism of miR-122 was inferred from a low cholesterol phenotype and de-repression within 24 h of 199 liver mRNAs showing significant enrichment for miR-122 seed matches in their 3' UTRs. Expression profiling extended to 3 weeks after the last LNA-antimiR dose revealed that most of the changes in liver gene expression were normalized to saline control levels coinciding with normalized miR-122 and plasma cholesterol levels. Combined, these data suggest that miRNA antagonists comprised of LNA are valuable tools for identifying miRNA targets in vivo and for studying the biological role of miRNAs and miRNA-associated gene-regulatory networks in a physiological context."	0
"Title: miR-145, targeting high-mobility group A2, is a powerful predictor of patient outcome in ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNA-145 (miR-145) expression is downregulated in several human cancers, but its clinical and functional relevance to ovarian carcinoma has not yet been elucidated. This study addressed the hypothesis that miR-145 serves as a prognostic biomarker and a tumor suppressor that regulates the expression of high-mobility group A2 (HMGA2) oncoprotein in ovarian cancer. Here, we found that low miR-145 expression and HMGA2 overexpression determined by qRT-PCR and immunohistochemistry significantly correlated with advanced stage, lymph node involvement, and distant metastasis in 74 ovarian carcinomas. Low miR-145 expression significantly correlated with tumor recurrence and worse overall survival (HR=8.62, P = 0.039). Transfection of pre-miR-145 resulted in reduced cell growth and migration, and increased apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells by TUNEL, colony forming, and cell migration assays. MiR-145 was found to directly target HMGA2 by luciferase assay and Western blotting. Our findings suggest that miR-145 functions as a tumor suppressor in ovarian cancer and directly targets HMGA2 oncoprotein. Low miR-145 and high HMGA2 expressions are potential biomarkers of poor prognosis of ovarian carcinoma and miR-145 is the more powerful predictor of patient outcome."	0
"Title: microRNA?145 inhibits cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting matrix metallopeptidase-11 in renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: microRNA?145 (miR?145) has been reported to be frequently downregulated in various types of cancer, including renal, prostate, bladder, lung and colon cancer, as well as B?cell malignancies. The present study examined the effects of miR?145 on the cell proliferation, migration and invasion of renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Following transfection of miR?145, an MTT, cell migration, cell invasion and luciferase assays, and western blot analysis were conducted in RCC cell lines. The present study demonstrated that miR?145 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion in 786?O and A498 cells. The present study also demonstrated for the first time, to the best of our knowledge, that miR?145 may directly target matrix metallopeptidase?11 (MMP?11) in RCC. miR?145 was demonstrated to suppress cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting MMP?11 in RCC cell lines. These results suggested that it may be investigated as a predictive marker for the early detection of tumor metastasis and for targeting therapeutic drugs to inhibit the invasion of RCC."	0
"Title: microRNA-145 downregulates SIP1-expression but differentially regulates proliferation, migration, invasion and Wnt signaling in SW480 and SW620 cells. Abstract: microRNA-145 (miR-145) has been shown to act as a tumor suppressor in colorectal cancer but its role in the regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is unclear. Ectopic expression of miR-145 suppressed the proliferation, migration and invasion in SW480 but surprisingly enhanced these traits in its metastatic counterpart, SW620 cells, while, antimiR-145 reversed the effects of miR-145 in both of these human colorectal cancer cells. In SW480 and SW620 cells, SMAD-interacting protein 1 (SIP1), was identified as a target of miR-145, and its expression was suppressed both at mRNA and protein levels, and siRNA-SIP1 mimicked the effects of miR-145. Further, re-introduction of SIP1 alone or its co-expression with miR-145, rescued SW480 and SW620 cells from the effects of miR-145, indicating that the distinct functions of miR-145 might be mediated, in part, through SIP1. Since Wnt signaling plays an essential role in EMT in CRC progression, the effects of miR-145 on the expression of Wnt signaling intermediates and EMT markers were studied. Re-expression of miR-145 was found to downregulate the expression of CTNNB1, TCF4, CCND1, VIM, and SNAI, but, upregulated CDH1 expression in SW480 cells. On the other hand, miR-145 exhibited an oncogenic potential in SW620 cells by actuating Wnt signaling and the expression of EMT-relevant markers. These results strongly hint that the paradoxical functions of miR-145 in the regulation of proliferation, migration and invasion might be mediated through downregulation of SIP1, and differential tuning of Wnt signaling and EMT-mediators."	0
"Title: Downregulation of miR-145 associated with cancer progression and VEGF transcriptional activation by targeting N-RAS and IRS1. Abstract: MicroRNA-145 (miR-145) is downregulated in various tumor types. However, its mechanism in inhibiting tumor growth and angiogenesis remains to be elucidated. In this study, we found that miR-145 was significantly downregulated in the plasma and cancer tumor tissues of colorectal cancer (CRC) patients, and overexpression of miR-145 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion. To understand the potential mechanism of miR-145 in inhibiting tumor growth, we showed that miR-145 blocked the activation of AKT and ERK1/2 pathways, and the expression of HIF-1 and VEGF via directly targeting N-RAS and IRS1, and VEGF is an important effector for tumor growth. Forced expression of N-RAS and IRS1 restored VEGF expression via transcriptional activation. MiR-145 also inhibited N-RAS and IRS1 expression to suppress AKT and ERK1/2 activation, and VEGF expression in mouse xenograft tumors. To test the clinical relevance of these results, we used 60 pairs of colorectal cancer tissues and adjacent normal tissues, analyzed the levels of miR-145, N-RAS and IRS1 expression in these tissues, and found that miR-145 levels were significantly inversely correlated with N-RAS and IRS1 levels in these colorectal cancer tissues, suggesting the important implication of our findings in translational application for colorectal cancer diagnostics and treatment in the future."	0
"Title: MiR-145 inhibits human colorectal cancer cell migration and invasion via PAK4-dependent pathway. Abstract: MicroRNA-145 (miR-145), as a tumor-suppressive miRNA, has been demonstrated down-regulated in colorectal cancer (CRC) cells, and could inhibit CRC cells growth. However, the molecular pathway in which miR-145 modulates CRC malignant transformation has not been fully revealed. Here, we reported an intense correlation between the expressions of PAK4 and miR-145 in human CRC cell lines. Transwell assay verified overexpression of miR-145, as well as knockdown of PAK4, significantly suppressed cell migration and invasion ability. The impaired migration and invasion ability of SW1116 cells was affected through the down-regulation of phosphorylation level of LIMK1 and cofilin in a PAK4-dependent manner. Collectively, we have demonstrated that miR-145 suppressed CRC migration and invasion through PAK4 pathway, which provides an attractive microRNA-based therapeutic target for CRC."	0
"Title: Decreased expression of microRNA-148a predicts poor prognosis in ovarian cancer and associates with tumor growth and metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNA-148a (MiR-148a) had been reported to take part in some cancer progresses, but its clinical significance in ovarian cancer had been rarely reported. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the prognostic value of miR-148a as well as its roles in ovarian cancer progression. Methods: Relative expression of miR-148a in the plasma specimens of ovarian cancer patients was detected by qRT-PCR. Chi-square test was used to analyze the relationship between miR-148a expression and clinical characteristics. The overall survival was analyzed by Kaplan-Meier method and Cox regression analysis was used to evaluate the prognostic value of miR-148a. In addition, the ovarian cancer cell line SKOV-3 was separately transfected with pcDNA3-microRNA-148a over-expression vector and pcDNA3 empty vector to detect the functional roles of miR-148a in ovarian cancer progression. Results: Decreased level of plasma miR-148a was observed in ovarian cancer patients compared with healthy controls. The expression level was associated with histopathologic grade, TNM stage and lymph node metastasis (P<0.05 for all). Besides, patients with high level of miR-148a had a longer survival time than those with low level (40.3 months vs 31.6 months, log rank test, P=0.002). Cox regression analysis indicated that miR-148a might be a potential biomarker for ovarian cancer prognosis (HR=1.699, 95%CI=1.175-2.456, P=0.005). Moreover, cell experiments confirmed that miR-148a could inhibit proliferation, migration and invasion of ovarian cancer cells. Conclusion: MiR-148a may be a potential prognostic factor for ovarian cancer and it can suppress tumor progression."	0
"Title: Nanoparticle-based therapy in an in vivo microRNA-155 (miR-155)-dependent mouse model of lymphoma. Abstract: MicroRNA-155 (miR-155) is an oncogenic microRNA that regulates several pathways involved in cell division and immunoregulation. It is overexpressed in numerous cancers, is often correlated with poor prognosis, and is thus a key target for future therapies. In this work we show that overexpression of miR-155 in lymphoid tissues results in disseminated lymphoma characterized by a clonal, transplantable pre-B-cell population of neoplastic lymphocytes. Withdrawal of miR-155 in mice with established disease results in rapid regression of lymphadenopathy, in part because of apoptosis of the malignant lymphocytes, demonstrating that these tumors are dependent on miR-155 expression. We show that systemic delivery of antisense peptide nucleic acids encapsulated in unique polymer nanoparticles inhibits miR-155 and slows the growth of these ""addicted"" pre-B-cell tumors in vivo, suggesting a promising therapeutic option for lymphoma/leukemia."	0
"Title: Upregulation of miRNA-155 promotes tumour angiogenesis by targeting VHL and is associated with poor prognosis and triple-negative breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA-155 (miR-155) is frequently upregulated in various types of human cancer; however, its role in cancer angiogenesis remains unknown. Here, we demonstrate the role of miR-155 in angiogenesis through targeting von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) tumour suppressor in breast cancer. Ectopic expression of miR-155 induced whereas knockdown of miR-155 inhibited human umbilical vein endothelial cell network formation, proliferation, invasion and migration. Furthermore, mammary fat pad xenotransplantation of ectopically expressed miR-155 resulted in extensive angiogenesis, proliferation, tumour necrosis and recruitment of pro-inflammatory cells such as tumour-associated macrophages. Expression of VHL abrogated these miR-155 effects. Moreover, miR-155 expression inversely correlates with VHL expression level and is associated with late-stage, lymph node metastasis and poor prognosis, as well as triple-negative tumour in breast cancer. These findings indicate that miR-155 has a pivotal role in tumour angiogenesis by downregulation of VHL, and provide a basis for miR-155-expressing tumours to embody an aggressive malignant phenotype, and therefore miR-155 is an important therapeutic target in breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 functions as an OncomiR in breast cancer by targeting the suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 gene. Abstract: MicroRNA-155 (miR-155) is overexpressed in many human cancers; however, the mechanisms by which miR-155 functions as a putative oncomiR are largely unknown. Here, we report that the tumor suppressor gene suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 (socs1) is an evolutionarily conserved target of miR-155 in breast cancer cells. We found that mir-155 expression is inversely correlated with socs1 expression in breast cancer cell lines as well as in a subset of primary breast tumors. We also identified a 24A-->G mutation in the miR-155 binding site of the SOCS1 3' untranslated region in a breast tumor that reduced miR-155 repression, implicating a mechanism for miRNA targets to avoid repression. Ectopic expression of miR-155 significantly promoted the proliferation of breast cancer cells, the formation of soft agar foci in vitro, and the development of tumors in nude mice. In breast cancer cells, RNA interference silencing of socs1 recapitulates the oncogenic effects of miR-155, whereas restoration of socs1 expression attenuates the protumorigenesis function of miR-155, suggesting that miR-155 exerts its oncogenic role by negatively regulating socs1. Overexpression of miR-155 in breast cancer cells leads to constitutive activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) through the Janus-activated kinase (JAK) pathway, and stimulation of breast cancer cells by the inflammatory cytokines IFN-gamma and interleukin-6 (IL-6), lipopolysaccharide (LPS), and polyriboinosinic:polyribocytidylic acid [poly(I:C)] significantly upregulates mir-155 expression, suggesting that miR-155 may serve as a bridge between inflammation and cancer. Taken together, our study reveals that miR-155 is an oncomiR in breast cancer and that miR-155 may be a potential target in breast cancer therapy."	0
"Title: microRNA-155 is downregulated in gastric cancer cells and involved in cell metastasis. Abstract: microRNA-155 (miR-155), an important multifunctional microRNA, has been implicated in the development of multiple solid tumors, yet, its role in gastric cancer cells has not been fully elucidated. In this study, we find that miR-155 was significantly downregulated in gastric cancer cell lines compared with an immortalized gastric epithelial cell line (GES-1). Overexpression of miR-155 in SGC-7901 and MKN-45 gastric cancer cells dramatically suppressed cell migration, invasion and adhesion in vitro. Overexpression of miR-155 significantly reduced the protein levels of SMAD2 and repressed the activity of a luciferase reporter containing one of the two predicted miR-155 binding sites in SMAD2 3'-UTR, indicating that SMAD2 may be a miR-155 target gene. miR-155 expression was also remarkably restored by a DNA demethylating agent (5-Aza-2-deoxycytidine) in SGC-7901 and MKN-45 gastric cancer cells. Taken together, these data suggest that miR-155 may function as a tumor suppressor to regulate gastric cancer cell metastasis by targeting SMAD2, and its downregulation in gastric cancer cells may be partly ascribed to DNA methylation."	0
"Title: miR-191 promotes tumorigenesis of human colorectal cancer through targeting C/EBP?. Abstract: MicroRNA-191 (miR-191), a small non-coding RNA, is involved in disease development and cancer diagnosis and prognosis. However, how miR-191 functions in colorectal cancer remains largely unclear. In this study, we show that miR-191 is highly expressed in colon tumor tissues, and that inhibition of miR-191 leads to decreased cell growth, proliferation and tumorigenicity in a xenograft model. Overexpression of miR-191 in colorectal cancer cell lines alters cell cycle progression and cell resistance to 5-Fu induced cell apoptosis. Mechanistic studies demonstrated that miR-191 directly binds to the 3'UTR of the C/EBP? mRNA and mediates a decrease in the mRNA and protein expression of C/EBP?. We further showed that C/EBP? induces growth arrest in a colorectal cancer cell line and that its expression is negatively correlated with the miR-191 level in patient samples. Our findings suggest that miR-191 may be a potential gene therapy target for the treatment of colorectal cancer."	0
"Title: Decreased expression of microRNA-206 in breast cancer and its association with disease characteristics and patient survival. Abstract: MicroRNA-206 (miR-206) is downregulated in many human malignancies, which correlates with tumour progression. This study characterized the contribution of miR-206 to the initiation and progression of human breast cancer. Methods: Consecutive primary breast cancer patients who received radical resection were enrolled. Breast cancer tissue samples were obtained during surgery. MiR-206 levels in matched pairs of cancer tissue and normal adjacent tissue (NAT) samples were examined using quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. The relationship between miR-206 levels and clinicopathological characteristics and overall survival was also investigated. Results: In 128 patients with breast cancer, miR-206 was downregulated in 119 (93%) tumour tissue compared with their matched NAT samples. Decreased miR-206 was significantly associated with advanced clinical stage and lymph node metastasis. Univariate and multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression analysis revealed that a low miR-206 level was an unfavourable prognostic factor for overall survival, in patients with breast cancer. Conclusions: This study indicated that miR-206 may be a good candidate as a novel prognostic indicator in breast cancer patients."	0
"Title: Inhibition of miR-21 induces biological and behavioral alterations in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Abstract: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) has been ascribed a key role in many cellular processes, e.g. tumorigenesis via inhibition of target gene expression. However, its role in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is still unclear, and there are no in-depth studies on the relationship between miR-21 and the cellular phenotype of DLBCL. In this study, we investigated the expression and role of miR-21 in the regulation of cell biological processes in DLBCL. Firstly, miR-21 expression was evaluated in three DLBCL cell lines by real-time quantitative reverse-transcription (qRT) polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Then, to determine the possible role of miR-21 in the biological and behavioral characteristics of DLBCL, we performed miR-21 knockdown by transfection with anti-miR-21. In addition, PDCD4 and PTEN were assessed by luciferase reporter assay, qRT-PCR, and Western blot. Our study revealed that miR-21 was significantly upregulated in activated B-cell-like DLBCL cells compared to germinal center-like DLBCL cells. We demonstrated that inhibition of miR-21 induced suppression of proliferation and invasion, as well as increased apoptosis in DLBCL. Moreover, knockdown of miR-21 increased PDCD4 and PTEN expression at the protein level but not at the mRNA level. In conclusion, miR-21 can regulate proliferation, invasion, and apoptosis, and thus it has a potential therapeutic application in DLBCL."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 and the clinical outcomes of various carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Abstract: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) has been suggested to play a significant role in the prognosis of carcinoma. The recognition of novel biomarkers for the prediction of cancer outcomes is urgently required. However, the potential prognostic value of miR-21 in various types of human malignancy remains controversial. The present meta-analysis summarises and analyses the associations between miR-21 status and overall survival (OS) in a variety of tumours. Methods: Eligible published studies were identified by searching the PubMed and Chinese Biomedicine databases. The patients' clinical characteristics and survival results were pooled, and a pooled hazard ratio (HR) with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) was used to calculate the strength of this association. A random-effects model was adopted, and then, meta-regression and subgroup analyses were performed. In addition, an analysis of publication bias was also conducted. Results: Twenty-seven eligible articles (including 31 studies) were identified that included survival data for 3273 patients. The pooled HR suggested that high miR-21 was clearly related to worse overall survival (HR = 2.27, 95% CI: 1.81-2.86), with a heterogeneity measure index of I2 = 76.0%, p = 0.001, showing that miR-21 might be a considerable prognostic factor for poor survival in cancer patients. Conclusions: MiR-21 might be a potentially useful biomarker for predicting cancer prognosis in future clinical applications."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 targets tumor suppressor genes ANP32A and SMARCA4. Abstract: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is a key regulator of oncogenic processes. It is significantly elevated in the majority of human tumors and functionally linked to cellular proliferation, survival and migration. In this study, we used two experimental-based strategies to search for novel miR-21 targets. On the one hand, we performed a proteomic approach using two-dimensional differential gel electrophoresis (2D-DIGE) to identify proteins suppressed upon enhanced miR-21 expression in LNCaP human prostate carcinoma cells. The tumor suppressor acidic nuclear phosphoprotein 32 family, member A (ANP32A) (alias pp32 or LANP) emerged as the most strongly downregulated protein. On the other hand, we applied a mathematical approach to select correlated gene sets that are negatively correlated with primary-miR-21 (pri-miR-21) expression in published transcriptome data from 114 B-cell lymphoma cases. Among these candidates, we found tumor suppressor SMARCA4 (alias BRG1) together with the already validated miR-21 target, PDCD4. ANP32A and SMARCA4, which are both involved in chromatin remodeling processes, were confirmed as direct miR-21 targets by immunoblot analysis and reporter gene assays. Furthermore, knock down of ANP32A mimicked the effect of enforced miR-21 expression by enhancing LNCaP cell viability, whereas overexpression of ANP32A in the presence of high miR-21 levels abrogated the miR-21-mediated effect. In A172 glioblastoma cells, enhanced ANP32A expression compensated for the effects of anti-miR-21 treatment on cell viability and apoptosis. In addition, miR-21 expression clearly increased the invasiveness of LNCaP cells, an effect also seen in part upon downregulation of ANP32A. In conclusion, these results suggest that downregulation of ANP32A contributes to the oncogenic function of miR-21."	0
"Title: Hyaluronan-CD44 interaction promotes c-Jun signaling and miRNA21 expression leading to Bcl-2 expression and chemoresistance in breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is associated with the development of solid tumors progression including breast cancer. In this study we investigated matrix hyaluronan (HA)-CD44 (a primary HA receptor) interaction with c-Jun N-Terminal Kinase (JNK)/c-Jun signaling in MDA-MB-468 breast cancer cells [a triple-negative (estrogen receptor-negative/progesterone receptor-negative/HER2-negative) breast cancer cell line]. Our results indicated that HA binding to CD44 promotes c-Jun nuclear translocation and transcriptional activation. Further analyses revealed that miR-21 is regulated by an upstream promoter containing AP1 binding site(s), and chromatin immunoprecipitation (CHIP) assays demonstrated that stimulation of miR-21 expression by HA/CD44 interaction is c-Jun-dependent in these breast cancer cells. This process results in an increase of the anti-apoptosis protein Bcl-2 and upregulation of inhibitors of the apoptosis family of proteins (IAPs) as well as chemoresistance in MDA-MB-468 cells. Treatment with c-Jun specific small interfering RNAs effectively blocks HA-mediated c-Jun signaling and abrogates miR-21 production as well as causes downregulation of survival proteins (Bcl-2 and IAPs) and enhancement of chemosensitivity. In addition, our results demonstrated that anti-miR-21 inhibitor not only downregulates Bcl-2/IAP expression but also increases chemosensitivity in HA-treated breast cancer cells. Together, these findings suggest that the HA/CD44-induced c-Jun signaling plays a pivotal role in miR-21 production leading to survival protein (Bcl-2/IAP) upregulation and chemoresistance in triple negative breast cancer cells such as MDA-MB-468 cell line. This novel HA/CD44-mediated c-Jun signaling pathway and miR-21 production provide a new drug target for the future intervention strategies to treat breast cancer."	0
"Title: High miR-21 expression in breast cancer associated with poor disease-free survival in early stage disease and high TGF-beta1. Abstract: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is considered an onco-microRNA given its abilities to suppress the actions of several tumor suppressor genes and to promote tumor cell growth, invasion and metastasis. Recently, transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) is found to up-regulate the expression of miR-21, and elevated miR-21 expression is seen frequently in breast cancer. To evaluate the effect of miR-21 on disease progression and its association with TGF-beta, we analyzed miR-21 expression in breast cancer. Fresh tumor samples were collected during surgery from 344 patients diagnosed with primary breast cancer. The expression of miR-21 in tumor samples was measured with a TaqMan microRNA assay using U6 as reference. Levels of miR-21 expression by disease stage, tumor grade, histology, hormone receptor status and lymph node involvement were compared. Cox proportional hazards regression analysis was performed to assess the association of miR-21 expression with disease-free and overall survival. The study results showed that the expression of miR-21 was detected in all tumor samples with substantial variation. High miR-21 expression was associated with features of aggressive disease, including high tumor grade, negative hormone receptor status, and ductal carcinoma. High miR-21 was also positively correlated with TGF-beta1. No associations were found between patient survival and miR-21 expression among all patients, but high miR-21 was associated with poor disease-free survival in early stage patients (HR = 2.08, 95% CI: 1.08-4.00) despite no value for prognosis. The study supports the notion that miR-21 is an onco-microRNA for breast cancer. Elevated miR-21 expression may facilitate tumor progression, and TGF-beta may up-regulate its expression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA miR-21 regulates the metastatic behavior of B16 melanoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is overexpressed in many human tumors and has been linked to various cellular processes altered in cancer. miR-21 is also up-regulated by a number of inflammatory agents, including IFN, which is of particular interest considering the close relationship between inflammation and cancer. Because miR-21 appears to be overexpressed in human melanoma, we examined the role of miR-21 in cancer development and metastasis in B16 mouse melanoma cells. We found that miR-21 is a member of an IFN-induced miRNA subset that requires STAT3 activation. To characterize the role of miR-21 in melanoma behavior, we transduced B16 cells with lentivirus encoding a miR-21 antagomir and isolated miR-21 knockdown B16 cells. miR-21 knockdown or IFN treatment alone inhibited B16 cell proliferation and migration in vitro, and in combination they had an enhanced effect. Moreover, miR-21 knockdown sensitized B16 cells to IFN-induced apoptosis. In B16 cells miR-21 targeted tumor suppressor (PTEN and PDCD4) and antiproliferative (BTG2) proteins. To characterize the role of miR-21 in vivo, empty vector- and antagomiR-21-transduced B16 melanoma cells were injected via tail vein into syngeneic C57BL/6 mice. Although empty vector-transduced B16 cells produced large lung metastases, miR-21 knockdown cells only formed small lung lesions. Importantly, miR-21 knockdown tumor-bearing mice exhibited prolonged survival compared with empty vector tumor-bearing mice. Thus, miR-21 regulates the metastatic behavior of B16 melanoma cells by promoting cell proliferation, survival, and migration/invasion as well as by suppressing IFN action, providing important new insights into the role of miR-21 in melanoma."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA-210 as a potential noninvasive biomarker for the diagnosis and prognosis of glioma. Abstract: MicroRNA-210 (miR-210) is an oncogenic miRNA previously associated with prognosis in human gliomas, an incurable tumour type of the central nervous system. Here miR-210 was investigated as a potential serum biomarker in the diagnosis and prognosis of glioma. Methods: Serum was immediately prepared from blood samples collected from patients with glioma grades I-IV at primary diagnosis (n=136) and healthy controls (n=50) from February 2007 to March 2014 in the Department of Neurosurgery of the First Affiliated Hospital of Wannan Medical College (Wuhu, China). Total RNA was isolated from serum. cDNA was synthesised with primers specific for miR-210 and miR-16-1 (internal control), and quantitative real-time RT-PCR was performed. Results were statistically analysed to determine the role of miR-210 in the diagnosis and prognosis of human glioma patients. Results: An approximately seven-fold increase in miR-210 expression was detected in serum samples from glioblastoma patients relative to healthy controls. A threshold expression value (2.259) was chosen from receiver operator characteristic curves (ROC), and the low and high miR-210 expression groups were analysed by multivariate Cox proportional hazard regression and Kaplan-Meier analyses. Results revealed an association of high serum miR-210 expression with tumour grade and poor patient outcome (P-values <0.001). Conclusions: Serum miR-210 is a promising diagnostic and prognostic biomarker that can be detected in the peripheral blood of patients with glioma."	0
"Title: Therapeutic Delivery of MicroRNA-29b by Cationic Lipoplexes for Lung Cancer. Abstract: MicroRNA-29b (miR-29b) expression has been shown to be reduced in non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) tissues. Here, we have identified the oncogene cyclin-dependent protein kinase 6 (CDK6) as a direct target of miR-29b in lung cancer. We hypothesized that in vivo restoration of miR-29b and thus targeting of genes important to tumor initiation and progression may represent an option for lung cancer treatment. We developed a cationic lipoplexes (LPs)-based carrier that efficiently delivered miR-29b both in vitro and in vivo. LPs containing miR-29b (LP-miR-29b) efficiently delivered miR-29b to NSCLC A549 cells, reduced the expression of key targets CDK6, DNMT3B, and myeloid cell leukemia sequence 1 (MCL1), as well as cell growth and clonogenicity of A549 cells. In addition, the IC50 for cisplatin in the miR-29b-treated cells was effectively reduced. In a xenograft murine model, LPs efficiently accumulated at tumor sites. Systemic delivery of LP-miR-29b increased the tumor miR-29b expression by approximately fivefold, downregulated the tumor mRNA expression of CDK6, DNMT3B, and MCL1 by ~57.4, ~40.5, and ~52.4%, respectively, and significantly inhibited tumor growth by ~60% compared with LP-miR-NC (negative control). Our results demonstrate that cationic LPs represent an efficient delivery system that holds great potential in the development of miRNA-based therapeutics for lung cancer treatment.Molecular Therapy-Nucleic Acids (2013) 2, e84; doi:10.1038/mtna.2013.14; published online 16 April 2013."	0
"Title: The role of miR-372 in ovarian carcinoma cell proliferation. Abstract: MicroRNA-372 has been shown to be associated with multiple tumors' development and progression, by regulating the expression of proteins involved in cell cycle and apoptosis. However, the specific mechanism and function of miR-372 in ovarian carcinoma are not clear. Our study explored the role of miR-372 in ovarian carcinoma cell cycle and proliferation. Materials and methods: MiR-372 expression was quantified in normal ovarian tissue, benign tumors, primary ovarian carcinomas and metastatic omentum by qRT-PCR. MTT assay and plate clone formation assay were performed to evaluate the cell viability and proliferation. EDU assay and cell apoptosis assay were also used to determine cell growth. We used Western Blot to analysis expression of the known miR-372 targets. Results: We found that miR-372 expression was significantly lower in ovarian carcinoma than normal ovarian tissues and benign tumors. Moreover, miR-372 overexpression showed significant inhibition of cell proliferation and promoted cell apoptosis. Western Blot revealed that miR-372 downregulated the expression of ATAD2, LATS2, P62, DKK1 and cyclinA1 to inhibit the proliferation of cells. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that miR-372 has a prominent role in inhibiting tumor growth and it is a valuable target for ovarian cancer therapy."	0
"Title: microRNA-449a functions as a tumor suppressor in neuroblastoma through inducing cell differentiation and cell cycle arrest. Abstract: microRNA-449a (miR-449a) has been identified to function as a tumor suppressor in several types of cancers. However, the role of miR-449a in neuroblastoma has not been intensively investigated. We recently found that the overexpression of miR-449a significantly induces neuroblastoma cell differentiation, suggesting its potential tumor suppressor function in neuroblastoma. In this study, we further investigated the mechanisms underlying the tumor suppressive function of miR-449a in neuroblastoma. We observed that miR-449a inhibits neuroblastoma cell survival and growth through 2 mechanisms--inducing cell differentiation and cell cycle arrest. Our comprehensive investigations on the dissection of the target genes of miR-449a revealed that 3 novel targets- MFAP4, PKP4 and TSEN15 -play important roles in mediating its differentiation-inducing function. In addition, we further found that its function in inducing cell cycle arrest involves down-regulating its direct targets CDK6 and LEF1. To determine the clinical significance of the miR-449a-mediated tumor suppressive mechanism, we examined the correlation between the expression of these 5 target genes in neuroblastoma tumor specimens and the survival of neuroblastoma patients. Remarkably, we noted that high tumor expression levels of all the 3 miR-449a target genes involved in regulating cell differentiation, but not the target genes involved in regulating cell cycle, are significantly correlated with poor survival of neuroblastoma patients. These results suggest the critical role of the differentiation-inducing function of miR-449a in determining neuroblastoma progression. Overall, our study provides the first comprehensive characterization of the tumor-suppressive function of miR-449a in neuroblastoma, and reveals the potential clinical significance of the miR-449a-mediated tumor suppressive pathway in neuroblastoma prognosis."	0
"Title: miR-944 acts as a prognostic marker and promotes the tumor progression in endometrial cancer. Abstract: microRNA-944 (miR-944) has been reported to be deregulation and play either tumor suppressive or oncogenic function in human malignancies. Previous studies have reported that miR-944 is overexpressed in gynecological malignancies including cervical cancer and breast cancer. While, the clinical significance of miR-944 and its function in human endometrial carcinoma (EC) keep unknown. The levels of miR-944 were analyzed in 68 EC tissues and 20 normal endometrial tissues. Results showed that miR-944 was significantly overexpressed in EC tissues compared to normal endometrial tissues. In addition, increased levels of miR-944 also observed in EC cell lines. Clinicopathological analysis verified that miR-944 expression was associated with international federation of gynecology and obstetrics (FIGO) stages and pathology classification of EC. Moreover, Kaplan-Meier analysis found that miR-944 highly expressing EC patients showed a notable shorter survival. Further experiments revealed that miR-944 knockdown significantly inhibited growth and cell cycle progression while facilitated apoptosis in Ishikawa cells. In turn, miR-944 overexpression prominently promoted proliferation and cell cycle progression, and suppressed apoptosis in KLE cells. In vivo experiments further confirmed that miR-944 silencing notably restrained the tumor growth of EC in nude mice. Mechanically, cell adhesion molecule 2 (CADM2) was recognized as a direct downstream target of miR-944 in EC cells. An inverse correlation between miR-944 and CADM2 expression was observed in EC tissues. Interestingly, CADM2 overexpression showed similar effects to miR-944 knockdown in Ishikawa cells with decreased growth, cell cycle arrest at G1 phase and increased apoptosis. Taken together, this work support the first evidence that miR-944 can be potentially used as a promising biomarker and novel therapeutic target for human EC."	0
"Title: Intronic microRNAs support their host genes by mediating synergistic and antagonistic regulatory effects. Abstract: MicroRNA-mediated control of gene expression via translational inhibition has substantial impact on cellular regulatory mechanisms. About 37% of mammalian microRNAs appear to be located within introns of protein coding genes, linking their expression to the promoter-driven regulation of the host gene. In our study we investigate this linkage towards a relationship beyond transcriptional co-regulation. Results: Using measures based on both annotation and experimental data, we show that intronic microRNAs tend to support their host genes by regulation of target gene expression with significantly correlated expression patterns. We used expression data of three differentiating cell types and compared gene expression profiles of host and target genes. Many microRNA target genes show expression patterns significantly correlated with the expressions of the microRNA host genes. By calculating functional similarities between host and predicted microRNA target genes based on GO annotations, we confirm that many microRNAs link host and target gene activity in an either synergistic or antagonistic manner. Conclusions: These two regulatory effects may result from fine tuning of target gene expression functionally related to the host or knock-down of remaining opponent target gene expression. This finding allows to extend the common practice of mapping large scale gene expression data to protein associated genes with functionality of co-expressed intronic microRNAs."	0
"Title: microRNAs in breast cancer development and treatment. Abstract: microRNAs (herein after miRNAs) represent a recently uncovered class of small and endogenous non-coding RNAs. miRNAs play a well conserved and crucial role in normal biological processes, such as cell differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis through a complicated gene regulation networking. The recent rise of interest in miRNAs in cancer research is ascribed to the breakthrough of their role in many pathological processes, including malignant transformation. miRNAs signatures have been clearly defined for certain types of cancer, with correlation to tumor aggressiveness, therapy response and patient outcome. Furthermore, the use of miRNAs as therapeutic targets for cancer is currently under investigation. The aim of this review is to focus on the role of miRNAs in breast cancer development and to summarize the evidence for their potential diagnostic and therapeutic applications in clinical practice."	0
"Title: Frequent deletions and down-regulation of micro- RNA genes miR15 and miR16 at 13q14 in chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Abstract: Micro-RNAs (miR genes) are a large family of highly conserved noncoding genes thought to be involved in temporal and tissue-specific gene regulation. MiRs are transcribed as short hairpin precursors ( approximately 70 nt) and are processed into active 21- to 22-nt RNAs by Dicer, a ribonuclease that recognizes target mRNAs via base-pairing interactions. Here we show that miR15 and miR16 are located at chromosome 13q14, a region deleted in more than half of B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemias (B-CLL). Detailed deletion and expression analysis shows that miR15 and miR16 are located within a 30-kb region of loss in CLL, and that both genes are deleted or down-regulated in the majority ( approximately 68%) of CLL cases."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-661, a c/EBPalpha target, inhibits metastatic tumor antigen 1 and regulates its functions. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miR) have been identified as posttranscriptional modifiers of target gene regulation and control the expression of gene products important in cancer progression. Here, we show that miR-661 inhibits the expression of metastatic tumor antigen 1 (MTA1), a widely up-regulated gene product in human cancer, by targeting the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of MTA1 mRNA. We found that endogenous miR-661 expression was positively regulated by the c/EBPalpha transcription factor, which is down-regulated during cancer progression. c/EBPalpha directly interacted with the miR-661 chromatin and bound to miR-661 putative promoter that contains a c/EBPalpha-consensus motif. In addition, we found that the level of MTA1 protein was progressively up-regulated, whereas that of miR-661 and its activator, c/EBPalpha, were down-regulated in a breast cancer progression model consisting of MCF-10A cell lines whose phenotypes ranged from noninvasive to highly invasive. c/EBPalpha expression in breast cancer cells resulted in increased miR-661 expression and reduced MTA1 3'UTR-luciferase activity and MTA1 protein level. We also provide evidence that the introduction of miR-661 inhibited the motility, invasiveness, anchorage-independent growth, and tumorigenicity of invasive breast cancer cells. We believe our findings show for the first time that c/EBPalpha regulates the level of miR-661 and in turn modifies the functions of the miR661-MTA1 pathway in human cancer cells. Based on these findings, we suggest that miR-661 be further investigated for therapeutic use in down-regulating the expression of MTA1 in cancer cells."	0
"Title: Targeting of the Bmi-1 oncogene/stem cell renewal factor by microRNA-128 inhibits glioma proliferation and self-renewal. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miR) show characteristic expression signatures in various cancers and can profoundly affect cancer cell behavior. We carried out miR expression profiling of human glioblastoma specimens versus adjacent brain devoid of tumor. This revealed several significant alterations, including a pronounced reduction of miR-128 in tumor samples. miR-128 expression significantly reduced glioma cell proliferation in vitro and glioma xenograft growth in vivo. miR-128 caused a striking decrease in expression of the Bmi-1 oncogene, by direct regulation of the Bmi-1 mRNA 3'-untranslated region, through a single miR-128 binding site. In a panel of patient glioblastoma specimens, Bmi-1 expression was significantly up-regulated and miR-128 was down-regulated compared with normal brain. Bmi-1 functions in epigenetic silencing of certain genes through epigenetic chromatin modification. We found that miR-128 expression caused a decrease in histone methylation (H3K27me(3)) and Akt phosphorylation, and up-regulation of p21(CIP1) levels, consistent with Bmi-1 down-regulation. Bmi-1 has also been shown to promote stem cell self-renewal; therefore, we investigated the effects of miR-128 overexpression in human glioma neurosphere cultures, possessing features of glioma ""stem-like"" cells. This showed that miR-128 specifically blocked glioma self-renewal consistent with Bmi-1 down-regulation. This is the first example of specific regulation by a miR of a neural stem cell self-renewal factor, implicating miRs that may normally regulate brain development as important biological and therapeutic targets against the ""stem cell-like"" characteristics of glioma."	0
"Title: MicroRNA replacement therapy for miR-145 and miR-33a is efficacious in a model of colon carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) aberrantly expressed in tumors may offer novel therapeutic approaches to treatment. miR-145 is downregulated in various cancers including colon carcinoma in which in vitro studies have established proapoptotic and antiproliferative roles. miR-33a was connected recently to cancer through its capacity to downregulate the oncogenic kinase Pim-1. To date, miRNA replacement therapy has been hampered by the lack of robust nonviral delivery methods for in vivo administration. Here we report a method of miRNA delivery by using polyethylenimine (PEI)-mediated delivery of unmodified miRNAs, using miR-145 and miR-33a to preclinically validate the method in a mouse model of colon carcinoma. After systemic or local application of low molecular weight PEI/miRNA complexes, intact miRNA molecules were delivered into mouse xenograft tumors, where they caused profound antitumor effects. miR-145 delivery reduced tumor proliferation and increased apoptosis, with concomitant repression of c-Myc and ERK5 as novel regulatory target of miR-145. Similarly, systemic injection of PEI-complexed miR-33a was validated as a novel therapeutic targeting method for Pim-1, with antitumor effects comparable with PEI/siRNA-mediated direct in vivo knockdown of Pim-1 in the model. Our findings show that chemically unmodified miRNAs complexed with PEI can be used in an efficient and biocompatible strategy of miRNA replacement therapy, as illustrated by efficacious delivery of PEI/miR-145 and PEI/miR-33a complexes in colon carcinoma."	0
"Title: Essential role of microRNA-155 in the pathogenesis of autoimmune arthritis in mice. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) are a new class of regulatory elements. Altered expression of miRNA has been demonstrated in the inflamed joints of patients with rheumatoid arthritis (RA). The aim of this study was to examine the role of miRNA in the pathogenesis of autoimmune arthritis, using 2 murine models. Methods: Collagen-induced arthritis (CIA) and K/BxN serum-transfer arthritis were induced in wild-type (WT) and miR-155-deficient (miR-155(-/-) ) mice. The severity of arthritis was determined clinically and histologically. Anticollagen antibodies and cytokines were measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The cellular composition of the draining lymph nodes after induction of CIA was measured by flow cytometry. Results: The miR-155(-/-) mice did not develop CIA. Deficiency in miR-155 prevented the generation of pathogenic autoreactive B and T cells, since anticollagen antibodies and the expression levels of antigen-specific T cells were strongly reduced in miR-155(-/-) mice. Moreover, Th17 polarization of miR-155(-/-) mouse T cells was impaired, as shown by a significant decrease in the levels of interleukin-17 (IL-17) and IL-22. In the K/BxN serum-transfer arthritis model, which only depends on innate effector mechanisms, miR-155(-/-) mice showed significantly reduced local bone destruction, attributed to reduced generation of osteoclasts, although the severity of joint inflammation was similar to that in WT mice. Conclusion: These results demonstrate that miR-155 is essentially involved in the adaptive and innate immune reactions leading to autoimmune arthritis, and therefore miR-155 might provide a novel target for the treatment of patients with RA."	0
"Title: Nucleolin protein interacts with microprocessor complex to affect biogenesis of microRNAs 15a and 16. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) are endogenous, short, non-coding RNA that undergo a multistep biogenesis before generating the functional, mature sequence. The core components of the microprocessor complex, consisting of Drosha and DGCR8, are both necessary and sufficient for this process, although accessory proteins have been found that modulate the biogenesis of a subset of miRNA. Curiously, many of the proteins involved in miRNA biogenesis are also needed for ribosomal RNA processing. Here we show that nucleolin, another protein critical for rRNA processing, is involved in the biogenesis of microRNA 15a/16 (miR-15a/16), specifically at the primary to precursor stage of processing. Through overexpression and knockdown studies, we show that miR-15a/16 levels are directly correlated to nucleolin expression. Furthermore, we found that cellular localization is critical for the proper functioning of nucleolin in this pathway and that nucleolin directly interacts with DGCR8 and Drosha in the nucleus. Nucleolin can bind to the primary miRNA both directly and specifically. Finally, we show that in the absence of nucleolin, cell extracts are unable to process miR-15a/16 in vitro and that this can be rescued by the addition of nucleolin. Our findings offer a new protein component in the microRNA biogenesis pathway and lend insight into miRNA dysregulation in certain cancers."	0
"Title: Genomic profiling of microRNAs in bladder cancer: miR-129 is associated with poor outcome and promotes cell death in vitro. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNA) are involved in cancer development and progression, acting as tumor suppressors or oncogenes. Here, we profiled the expression of 290 unique human miRNAs in 11 normal and 106 bladder tumor samples using spotted locked nucleic acid-based oligonucleotide microarrays. We identified several differentially expressed miRNAs between normal urothelium and cancer and between the different disease stages. miR-145 was found to be the most down-regulated in cancer compared with normal, and miR-21 was the most up-regulated in cancer. Furthermore, we identified miRNAs that significantly correlated to the presence of concomitant carcinoma in situ. We identified several miRNAs with prognostic potential for predicting disease progression (e.g., miR-129, miR-133b, and miR-518c*). We localized the expression of miR-145, miR-21, and miR-129 to urothelium by in situ hybridization. We then focused on miR-129 that exerted significant growth inhibition and induced cell death upon transfection with a miR-129 precursor in bladder carcinoma cell lines T24 and SW780 cells. Microarray analysis of T24 cells after transfection showed significant miR-129 target down-regulation (P = 0.0002) and pathway analysis indicated that targets were involved in cell death processes. By analyzing gene expression data from clinical tumor samples, we identified significant expression changes of target mRNA molecules related to the miRNA expression. Using luciferase assays, we documented a direct link between miR-129 and the two putative targets GALNT1 and SOX4. The findings reported here indicate that several miRNAs are differentially regulated in bladder cancer and may form a basis for clinical development of new biomarkers for bladder cancer."	0
"Title: miR-15a and miR-16 are implicated in cell cycle regulation in a Rb-dependent manner and are frequently deleted or down-regulated in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) are negative regulators of gene expression at the posttranscriptional level, which are involved in tumorigenesis. Two miRNAs, miR-15a and miR-16, which are located at chromosome 13q14, have been implicated in cell cycle control and apoptosis, but little information is available about their role in solid tumors. To address this question, we established a protocol to quantify miRNAs from laser capture microdissected tissues. Here, we show that miR-15a/miR-16 are frequently deleted or down-regulated in squamous cell carcinomas and adenocarcinomas of the lung. In these tumors, expression of miR-15a/miR-16 inversely correlates with the expression of cyclin D1. In non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cell lines, cyclins D1, D2, and E1 are directly regulated by physiologic concentrations of miR-15a/miR-16. Consistent with these results, overexpression of these miRNAs induces cell cycle arrest in G(1)-G(0). Interestingly, H2009 cells lacking Rb are resistant to miR-15a/miR-16-induced cell cycle arrest, whereas reintroduction of functional Rb resensitizes these cells to miRNA activity. In contrast, down-regulation of Rb in A549 cells by RNA interference confers resistance to these miRNAs. Thus, cell cycle arrest induced by these miRNAs depends on the expression of Rb, confirming that G(1) cyclins are major targets of miR-15a/miR-16 in NSCLC. Our results indicate that miR-15a/miR-16 are implicated in cell cycle control and likely contribute to the tumorigenesis of NSCLC."	0
"Title: OncomiR or Tumor Suppressor? The Duplicity of MicroRNAs in Cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) are short, noncoding RNAs whose dysregulation has been implicated in most, if not all, cancers. They regulate gene expression by suppressing mRNA translation and reducing mRNA stability. To this end, there is a great deal of interest in modifying miRNA expression levels for the treatment of cancer. However, the literature is fraught with inconsistent accounts as to whether various miRNAs are oncogenic or tumor suppressive. In this review, we directly examine these inconsistencies and propose several mechanisms to explain them. These mechanisms include the possibility that specific miRNAs can simultaneously produce competing oncogenic and tumor suppressive effects by suppressing both tumor suppressive mRNAs and oncogenic mRNAs, respectively. In addition, miRNAs can modulate tumor-modifying extrinsic factors, such as cancer-immune system interactions, stromal cell interactions, oncoviruses, and sensitivity to therapy. Ultimately, it is the balance between these processes that determines whether a specific miRNA produces a net oncogenic or net tumor suppressive effect. A solid understanding of this phenomenon will likely prove valuable in evaluating miRNA targets for cancer therapy. Cancer Res; 76(13); 3666-70. ©2016 AACR."	0
"Title: MicroRNA regulates the expression of human cytochrome P450 1B1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) are small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression through translational repression or mRNA cleavage. Here, we found that cytochrome P450 (CYP), a superfamily of drug-metabolizing enzymes, is a target of miRNA. Human CYP1B1, which is highly expressed in estrogen target tissues, catalyzes the metabolic activation of various procarcinogens and the 4-hydroxylation of 17beta-estradiol. CYP1B1 protein is abundant in cancerous tissues. We identified a near-perfect matching sequence with miR-27b in the 3'-untranslated region of human CYP1B1. Luciferase assays revealed that the reporter activity of the plasmid containing the miR-27b recognition element was decreased in MCF-7 cells (miR-27 positive) but not in Jurkat cells (miR-27b negative). Exogenously expressed miR-27b could decrease the luciferase activity in Jurkat cells. In MCF-7 cells, the antisense oligoribonucleotide for miR-27b restored the luciferase activity and increased the protein level and enzymatic activity of endogenous CYP1B1. These results suggested that human CYP1B1 is post-transcriptionally regulated by miR-27b. The expression levels of miR-27b and CYP1B1 protein in breast cancerous and adjacent noncancerous tissues from 24 patients were evaluated. In most patients, the expression level of miR-27b was decreased in cancerous tissues, accompanied by a high level of CYP1B1 protein. A significant inverse association was observed between the expression levels of miR-27b and CYP1B1 protein. Thus, the decreased expression of miR-27b would be one of causes of the high expression of CYP1B1 protein in cancerous tissues. This is the first study to show that miRNAs regulate not only essential genes for physiologic events but also drug-metabolizing enzymes."	0
"Title: Sjogren syndrome antigen B (SSB)/La promotes global microRNA expression by binding microRNA precursors through stem-loop recognition. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) control numerous physiological and pathological processes. Typically, the primary miRNA (pri-miRNA) transcripts are processed by nuclear Drosha complex into ~70-nucleotide stem-loop precursor miRNAs (pre-miRNA), which are further cleaved by cytoplasmic Dicer complex into ~21-nucleotide mature miRNAs. However, it is unclear how nascent pre-miRNAs are protected from ribonucleases, such as MCPIP1, that degrade pre-miRNAs to abort miRNA production. Here, we identify Sjögren syndrome antigen B (SSB)/La as a pre-miRNA-binding protein that regulates miRNA processing in vitro. All three RNA-binding motifs (LAM, RRM1, and RRM2) of La/SSB are required for efficient pre-miRNA binding. Intriguingly, La/SSB recognizes the characteristic stem-loop structure of pre-miRNAs, of which the majority lack a 3' UUU terminus. Moreover, La/SSB associates with endogenous pri-/pre-miRNAs and promotes miRNA biogenesis by stabilizing pre-miRNAs from nuclease (e.g. MCPIP1)-mediated decay in mammalian cells. Accordingly, we observed positive correlations between the expression status of La/SSB and Dicer in human cancer transcriptome and prognosis. These studies identify an important function of La/SSB as a global regulator of miRNA expression, and implicate stem-loop recognition as a major mechanism that mediates association between La/SSB and diverse RNA molecules."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-148a suppresses tumor cell invasion and metastasis by downregulating ROCK1 in gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) have been documented playing a critical role in cancer development and progression. In this study, we investigate the role of miR-148a in gastric cancer metastasis. Experimental design: We examined miR-148a levels in 90 gastric cancer samples by qRT-PCR and analyzed the clinicopathologic significance of miR-148a expression. The gastric cancer cells stably expressing miRNA-148a were analyzed for migration and invasion assays in vitro and metastasis assays in vivo; the target genes of miR-148a were further explored. Results: We found that miR-148a expression was suppressed by more than 4-fold in gastric cancer compared with their corresponding nontumorous tissues, and the downregulated miR-148a was significantly associated with tumor-node-metastasis (TNM) stage and lymph node-metastasis. Functional assays showed that overexpression of miR-148a suppressed gastric cancer cell migration and invasion in vitro and lung metastasis formation in vivo. In addition, overexpression of miR-148a in GC cells could reduce the mRNA and protein levels of ROCK1, whereas miR-148a silencing significantly increased ROCK1 expression. Luciferase assays confirmed that miR-148a could directly bind to the 2 sites of 3' untranslated region of ROCK1. Moreover, in gastric cancer tissues, we observed an inverse correlation between miR-148a and ROCK1 expression. Knockdown of ROCK1 significantly inhibited gastric cancer cell migration and invasion resembling that of miR-148a overexpression. We further found that ROCK1 was involved in miR-148a-induced suppression of gastric cancer cell migration and invasion. Conclusions: miR-148a functions as a tumor metastasis suppressor in gastric cancer, and downregulation of miR-148a contributes to gastric cancer lymph node-metastasis and progression. miR-148a may have a therapeutic potential to suppress gastric cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: Identification of unique microRNA signature associated with lupus nephritis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) have emerged as an important new class of modulators of gene expression. In this study we investigated miRNA that are differentially expressed in lupus nephritis. Microarray technology was used to investigate differentially expressed miRNA in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs) and Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV)-transformed cell lines obtained from lupus nephritis affected patients and unaffected controls. TaqMan-based stem-loop real-time polymerase chain reaction was used for validation. Microarray analysis of miRNA expressed in both African American (AA) and European American (EA) derived lupus nephritis samples revealed 29 and 50 differentially expressed miRNA, respectively, of 850 tested. There were 18 miRNA that were differentially expressed in both racial groups. When samples from both racial groups and different specimen types were considered, there were 5 primary miRNA that were differentially expressed. We have identified 5 miRNA; hsa-miR-371-5P, hsa-miR-423-5P, hsa-miR-638, hsa-miR-1224-3P and hsa-miR-663 that were differentially expressed in lupus nephritis across different racial groups and all specimen types tested. Hsa-miR-371-5P, hsa-miR-1224-3P and hsa-miR-423-5P, are reported here for the first time to be associated with lupus nephritis. Our work establishes EBV-transformed B cell lines as a useful model for the discovery of miRNA as biomarkers for SLE. Based on these findings, we postulate that these differentially expressed miRNA may be potential novel biomarkers for SLE as well as help elucidate pathogenic mechanisms of lupus nephritis. The investigation of miRNA profiles in SLE may lead to the discovery and development of novel methods to diagnosis, treat and prevent SLE."	0
"Title: Altered expression of MicroRNA in synovial fibroblasts and synovial tissue in rheumatoid arthritis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) have recently emerged as a new class of modulators of gene expression. In this study we investigated the expression, regulation, and function of miR-155 and miR-146a in rheumatoid arthritis (RA) synovial fibroblasts (RASFs) and RA synovial tissue. Methods: Locked nucleic acid microarray was used to screen for differentially expressed miRNA in RASFs treated with tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha). TaqMan-based real-time polymerase chain reaction was applied to measure the levels of miR-155 and miR-146a. Enforced overexpression of miR-155 was used to investigate the function of miR-155 in RASFs. Results: Microarray analysis of miRNA expressed in RASFs treated with TNFalpha revealed a prominent up-regulation of miR-155. Constitutive expression of both miR-155 and miR-146a was higher in RASFs than in those from patients with osteoarthritis (OA), and expression of miR-155 could be further induced by TNFalpha, interleukin-1beta, lipopolysaccharide, poly(I-C), and bacterial lipoprotein. The expression of miR-155 in RA synovial tissue was higher than in OA synovial tissue. Enforced expression of miR-155 in RASFs was found to repress the levels of matrix metalloproteinase 3 (MMP-3) and reduce the induction of MMPs 3 and 1 by Toll-like receptor ligands and cytokines. Moreover, compared with monocytes from RA peripheral blood, RA synovial fluid monocytes displayed higher levels of miR-155. Conclusion: This study provides the first description of increased expression of miRNA miR-155 and miR-146a in RA. Based on these findings, we postulate that the inflammatory milieu may alter miRNA expression profiles in resident cells of the rheumatoid joints. Considering the repressive effect of miR-155 on the expression of MMPs 3 and 1 in RASFs, we hypothesize that miR-155 may be involved in modulation of the destructive properties of RASFs."	0
"Title: miR-26a inhibits the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells via regulating CDC6 expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) play important regulatory roles in the occurrence and development of cancers. This study aimed to investigate the effects of miR-26a on the proliferation and apoptosis of ovarian cancer cells and explore the potential mechanism. qRT-PCR was performed to measure the miR-26a expression in 46 ovarian cancer tissues, and results showed miR-26a expression reduced significantly when compared with normal ovarian tissues (P<0.05). Moreover, miR-26a expression was related to the extent of cell differentiation and clinical stage of ovarian cancer (P<0.05). miR-26a mimic was transfected into SKOV3 cells and ES2 cells, and CCK8 assay, colony formation assay and flow cytometry showed miR-26a over-expression could significantly inhibit the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells and induce their apoptosis. Bioinformatics analysis revealed Cdc6 was a target gene of miR-26a. dual-luciferase assay and validation assay showed miR-26a could act on the 3'UTR of Cdc6 to regulate Cdc6 expression. These findings suggest that miR-26a may act on the 3'UTR of Cdc6 to regulate Cdc6 expression, which then inhibit the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells and induce their apoptosis. Our findings provide a new target for the diagnosis and therapy of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Oncogenic HPV infection interrupts the expression of tumor-suppressive miR-34a through viral oncoprotein E6. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) play pivotal roles in controlling cell proliferation and differentiation. Aberrant miRNA expression in human is becoming recognized as a new molecular mechanism of carcinogenesis. However, the causes for alterations in miRNA expression remain largely unknown. Infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus types 16 (HPV16) and 18 (HPV18) can lead to cervical and other ano-genital cancers. Here, we have demonstrated that cervical cancer tissues and cervical cancer-derived cell lines containing oncogenic HPVs display reduced expression of tumor-suppressive miR-34a. The reduction of miR-34a expression in organotypic tissues derived from HPV-containing primary human keratinocytes correlates with the early productive phase and is attributed to the expression of viral E6, which destabilizes the tumor suppressor p53, a known miR-34a transactivator. Knockdown of viral E6 expression in HPV16(+) and HPV18(+) cervical cancer cell lines by siRNAs leads to an increased expression of p53 and miR-34a and accumulation of miR-34a in G(0)/G(1) phase cells. Ectopic expression of miR-34a in HPV18(+) HeLa cells and HPV(-) HCT116 cells results in a substantial induction of cell growth retardation and a moderate cell apoptosis. Together, this is the first time a viral oncoprotein has been shown to regulate cellular miRNA expression. Our data have provided new insights into mechanisms by which high-risk HPVs contribute to the development of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Molecular profiling uncovers a p53-associated role for microRNA-31 in inhibiting the proliferation of serous ovarian carcinomas and other cancers. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) regulate complex patterns of gene expression, and the relevance of altered miRNA expression to ovarian cancer remains to be elucidated. By comprehensively profiling expression of miRNAs and mRNAs in serous ovarian tumors and cell lines and normal ovarian surface epithelium, we identified hundreds of potential miRNA-mRNA targeting associations underlying cancer. Functional overexpression of miR-31, the most underexpressed miRNA in serous ovarian cancer, repressed predicted miR-31 gene targets including the cell cycle regulator E2F2. MIR31 and CDKN2A, which encode p14(ARF) and p16(INK4A), are located at 9p21.3, a genomic region commonly deleted in ovarian and other cancers. p14(ARF) promotes p53 activity, and E2F2 overexpression in p53 wild-type cells normally leads via p14(ARF) to an induction of p53-dependent apoptosis. In a number of serous cancer cell lines with a dysfunctional p53 pathway (i.e., OVCAR8, OVCA433, and SKOV3), miR-31 overexpression inhibited proliferation and induced apoptosis; however, in other lines (i.e., HEY and OVSAYO) with functional p53, miR-31 had no effect. Additionally, the osteosarcoma cell line U2OS and the prostate cancer cell line PC3 (p14(ARF)-deficient and p53-deficient, respectively) were also sensitive to miR-31. Furthermore, miR-31 overexpression induced a global gene expression pattern in OVCAR8 associated with better prognosis in tumors from patients with advanced stage serous ovarian cancer, potentially affecting many genes underlying disease progression. Our findings reveal that loss of miR-31 is associated with defects in the p53 pathway and functions in serous ovarian cancer and other cancers, suggesting that patients with cancers deficient in p53 activity might benefit from therapeutic delivery of miR-31."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiling in human ovarian cancer: miR-214 induces cell survival and cisplatin resistance by targeting PTEN. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA) represent a novel class of genes that function as negative regulators of gene expression. Recently, miRNAs have been implicated in several cancers. However, aberrant miRNA expression and its clinicopathologic significance in human ovarian cancer have not been well documented. Here, we show that several miRNAs are altered in human ovarian cancer, with the most significantly deregulated miRNAs being miR-214, miR-199a*, miR-200a, miR-100, miR-125b, and let-7 cluster. Further, we show the frequent deregulation of miR-214, miR-199a*, miR-200a, and miR-100 in ovarian cancers. Significantly, miR-214 induces cell survival and cisplatin resistance through targeting the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of the PTEN, which leads to down-regulation of PTEN protein and activation of Akt pathway. Inhibition of Akt using Akt inhibitor, API-2/triciribine, or introduction of PTEN cDNA lacking 3'-UTR largely abrogates miR-214-induced cell survival. These findings indicate that deregulation of miRNAs is a recurrent event in human ovarian cancer and that miR-214 induces cell survival and cisplatin resistance primarily through targeting the PTEN/Akt pathway."	0
"Title: The promise of microRNA replacement therapy. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNA), a class of natural RNA-interfering agents, have recently been identified as attractive targets for therapeutic intervention. The rationale for developing miRNA therapeutics is based on the premise that aberrantly expressed miRNAs play key roles in the development of human disease, and that correcting these miRNA deficiencies by either antagonizing or restoring miRNA function may provide a therapeutic benefit. Although miRNA antagonists are conceptually similar to other inhibitory therapies, restoring the function of a miRNA by miRNA replacement is a less well characterized approach. Here, we discuss the specific properties of miRNA replacement and review recent examples that explored the therapeutic delivery of miRNA mimics in animal models of cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-124 targets Slug to regulate epithelial-mesenchymal transition and metastasis of breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs or miR) have been integrated into tumorigenic programs as either oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. The miR-124 was reported to be attenuated in several tumors, such as glioma, medulloblastoma and hepatocellular carcinoma. However, its role in cancer remains greatly elusive. In this study, we show that the miR-124 expression is significantly suppressed in human breast cancer specimens, which is reversely correlated to histological grade of the cancer. More intriguingly, ectopic expression of miR-124 in aggressive breast cancer cell lines MDA-MB-231 and BT-549 strongly inhibits cell motility and invasive capacity, as well as the epithelial-mesenchymal transition process. Also, lentivirus-delivered miR-124 endows MDA-MB-231 cells with the ability to suppress cell colony formation in vitro and pulmonary metastasis in vivo. Further studies have identified the E-cadherin transcription repressor Slug as a direct target gene of miR-124; its downregulation by miR-124 increases the expression of E-cadherin, a hallmark of epithelial cells and a repressor of cell invasion and metastasis. Moreover, knockdown of Slug notably impairs the motility of MDA-MB-231 cells, whereas re-expression of Slug abrogates the reduction of motility and invasion ability induced by miR-124 in MDA-MB-231 cells. These findings highlight an important role for miR-124 in the regulation of invasive and metastatic potential of breast cancer and suggest a potential application of miR-124 in cancer treatment."	0
"Title: Small RNA combination therapy for lung cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) and siRNAs have enormous potential as cancer therapeutics, but their effective delivery to most solid tumors has been difficult. Here, we show that a new lung-targeting nanoparticle is capable of delivering miRNA mimics and siRNAs to lung adenocarcinoma cells in vitro and to tumors in a genetically engineered mouse model of lung cancer based on activation of oncogenic Kirsten rat sarcoma viral oncogene homolog (Kras) and loss of p53 function. Therapeutic delivery of miR-34a, a p53-regulated tumor suppressor miRNA, restored miR-34a levels in lung tumors, specifically down-regulated miR-34a target genes, and slowed tumor growth. The delivery of siRNAs targeting Kras reduced Kras gene expression and MAPK signaling, increased apoptosis, and inhibited tumor growth. The combination of miR-34a and siRNA targeting Kras improved therapeutic responses over those observed with either small RNA alone, leading to tumor regression. Furthermore, nanoparticle-mediated small RNA delivery plus conventional, cisplatin-based chemotherapy prolonged survival in this model compared with chemotherapy alone. These findings demonstrate that RNA combination therapy is possible in an autochthonous model of lung cancer and provide preclinical support for the use of small RNA therapies in patients who have cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs: critical regulators of development, cellular physiology and malignancy. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are 18-24 nucleotide RNA molecules that regulate the stability or translational efficiency of target mRNAs. These regulatory RNAs function by acting as sequence-specific guides which recruit a large protein complex known as the RNA-induced silencing complex, or RISC, to target mRNAs which are subsequently silenced. Diverse functions have been attributed to miRNAs including the regulation of cellular differentiation, proliferation, and apoptosis. Moreover, significant evidence has accumulated implicating a fundamental role for miRNAs in the development of cancer. We recently demonstrated that the oncogenic transcription factor c-Myc regulates a group of miRNAs known as the mir-17 cluster. This represents the first documented example of a mammalian transcription factor that regulates miRNA expression. Moreover, it was independently demonstrated that the mir-17 cluster accelerates c-Myc-induced lymphomagenesis in an in vivo mouse model. Together, these studies support an important role for this group of miRNAs in c-Myc-mediated tumorigenesis. We have also demonstrated that two miRNAs in this cluster regulate the pro-proliferative, pro-apoptotic transcription factor E2F1. Herein, we propose a model in which the mir-17 cluster prevents excessive E2F1 activity, and thereby apoptosis, in response to activation of c-Myc."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 targets DNA methyltransferases 3A in colorectal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are 19-25-nucleotides regulatory non-protein-coding RNA molecules that regulate the expressions of a wide variety of genes, including some involved in cancer development. In this study, we investigated the possible role of miR-143 in colorectal cancer (CRC). Methods: Expression levels of human mature miRNAs were examined using real-time PCR-based expression arrays on paired colorectal carcinomas and adjacent non-cancerous colonic tissues. The downregulation of miR-143 was further evaluated in colon cancer cell lines and in paired CRC and adjacent non-cancerous colonic tissues by qRT-PCR. Potential targets of miR-143 were defined. The functional effect of miR-143 and its targets was investigated in human colon cancer cell lines to confirm miRNA-target association. Results: Both real-time PCR-based expression arrays and qRT-PCR showed that miR-143 was frequently downregulated in 87.5% (35 of 40) of colorectal carcinoma tissues compared with their adjacent non-cancerous colonic tissues. Using in silico predictions, DNA methyltranferase 3A (DNMT3A) was defined as a potential target of miR-143. Restoration of the miR-143 expression in colon cell lines decreased tumour cell growth and soft-agar colony formation, and downregulated the DNMT3A expression in both mRNA and protein levels. DNMT3A was shown to be a direct target of miR-143 by luciferase reporter assay. Furthermore, the miR-143 expression was observed to be inversely correlated with DNMT3A mRNA and protein expression in CRC tissues. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that miR-143 regulates DNMT3A in CRC. These findings elucidated a tumour-suppressive role of miR-143 in the epigenetic aberration of CRC, providing a potential development of miRNA-based targeted approaches for CRC therapy."	0
"Title: Facile means for quantifying microRNA expression by real-time PCR. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are 20-24 nucleotide RNAs that are predicted to play regulatory roles in animals and plants. Here we report a simple and sensitive real-time PCR method for quantifying the expression of plant miRNAs. Total RNA, including miRNAs, was polyadenylated and reverse-transcribed with a poly(T) adapter into cDNAs for real-time PCR using the miRNA-specific forward primer and the sequence complementary to the poly(T) adapter as the reverse primer. Several Arabidopsis miRNA sequences were tested using SYBR Green reagent, demonstrating that this method, using as little as 100 pg total RNA, could readily discriminate the expression of miRNAs having asfew as one nucleotide sequence difference. This method also revealed miRNA tissue-specific expression patterns that cannot be resolved by Northern blot analysis and may therefore be widely useful for characterizing miRNA expression in plants as well as in animals."	0
"Title: SNPs in human miRNA genes affect biogenesis and function. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are 21-25-nucleotide-long, noncoding RNAs that are involved in translational regulation. Most miRNAs derive from a two-step sequential processing: the generation of pre-miRNA from pri-miRNA by the Drosha/DGCR8 complex in the nucleus, and the generation of mature miRNAs from pre-miRNAs by the Dicer/TRBP complex in the cytoplasm. Sequence variation around the processing sites, and sequence variations in the mature miRNA, especially the seed sequence, may have profound affects on miRNA biogenesis and function. In the context of analyzing the roles of miRNAs in Schizophrenia and Autism, we defined at least 24 human X-linked miRNA variants. Functional assays were developed and performed on these variants. In this study we investigate the affects of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) on the generation of mature miRNAs and their function, and report that naturally occurring SNPs can impair or enhance miRNA processing as well as alter the sites of processing. Since miRNAs are small functional units, single base changes in both the precursor elements as well as the mature miRNA sequence may drive the evolution of new microRNAs by altering their biological function. Finally, the miRNAs examined in this study are X-linked, suggesting that the mutant alleles could be determinants in the etiology of diseases."	0
"Title: Improved targeting of miRNA with antisense oligonucleotides. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of 20-24 nt noncoding RNAs that regulate target mRNAs post-transcriptionally by binding with imperfect complementarity in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) and inhibiting translation or RNA stability. Current understanding of miRNA biology is limited, and antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) inhibition is a powerful technique for miRNA functionalization in vitro and in vivo, and for therapeutic targeting of miRNAs. Identification of optimal ASO chemistries for targeting miRNAs is therefore of great interest. We evaluated a number of 2'-sugar and backbone ASO modifications for their ability to inhibit miR-21 activity on a luciferase reporter mRNA. ASO modifications that improved target affinity improved miRNA ASO activity, yet the positioning of high-affinity modifications also had dramatically different effects on miRNA activity, suggesting that more than affinity determined the effectiveness of the miRNA ASOs. We present data in which the activity of a modified miRNA ASO was inversely correlated to its tolerability as an siRNA passenger strand, suggesting that a similar mechanism could be involved in the dissociation of miRNA ASOs and siRNA passenger strands. These studies begin to define the factors important for designing improved miRNA ASOs, enabling more effective miRNA functionalization and therapeutic targeting."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-34a inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of osteosarcoma cells both in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of endogenously expressed, small noncoding RNAs, which suppress its target mRNAs at the post-transcriptional level. Studies have demonstrated that miR-34a, which is a direct target of the p53 tumor suppressor gene, functions as a tumor suppressor and is associated with the tumor growth and metastasis of various human malignances. However, the role of miR-34a in osteosarcoma has not been totally elucidated. In the present study, the effects of miR-34a on osteosarcoma and the possible mechanism by which miR-34a affected the tumor growth and metastasis of osteosarcoma were investigated. Methodology/principal finding: Over-expression of miR-34a partially inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion of osteosarcoma cells in vitro, as well as the tumor growth and pulmonary metastasis of osteosarcoma cells in vivo. c-Met is a target of miR-34a, and regulates the migration and invasion of osteosarcoma cells. Osteosarcoma cells over-expressing miR-34a exhibited a significant decrease in the expression levels of c-Met mRNA and protein simultaneously. Finally, the results from bioinformatics analysis demonstrated that there were multiple putative targets of miR-34a that may be associated with the proliferation and metastasis of osteosarcoma, including factors in Wnt and Notch signaling pathways. Conclusion/significance: The results presented in this study demonstrated that over-expression of miR-34a could inhibit the tumor growth and metastasis of osteosarcoma probably through down regulating c-Met. And there are other putative miR-34a target genes beside c-Met which could potentially be key players in the development of osteosarcoma. Since pulmonary metastases are responsible for mortality of patient carrying osteosarcoma, miR-34a may prove to be a promising gene therapeutic agent. It will be interesting to further investigate the mechanism by which miR-34a functions as a tumor suppressor gene in osteosarcoma."	0
"Title: The MicroRNA Biology of the Mammalian Nucleus. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of genome-encoded small RNAs that are primarily considered to be post-transcriptional negative regulators of gene expression acting in the cytoplasm. Over a decade of research has focused on this canonical paradigm of miRNA function, with many success stories. Indeed, miRNAs have been identified that act as master regulators of a myriad of cellular processes, and many miRNAs are promising therapeutic targets or disease biomarkers. However, it is becoming increasingly apparent that the canonical view of miRNA function is incomplete. Several lines of evidence now point to additional functions for miRNAs in the nucleus of the mammalian cell. The majority of cellular miRNAs are present in both the nucleus and the cytoplasm, and certain miRNAs show specific nuclear enrichment. Additionally, some miRNAs colocalize with sub-nuclear structures such as the nucleolus and chromatin. Multiple components of the miRNA processing machinery are present in the nuclear compartment and are shuttled back and forth across the nuclear envelope. In the nucleus, miRNAs act to regulate the stability of nuclear transcripts, induce epigenetic alterations that either silence or activate transcription at specific gene promoters, and modulate cotranscriptional alternative splicing events. Nuclear miRNA-directed gene regulation constitutes a departure from the prevailing view of miRNA function and as such, warrants detailed further investigation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 targets tumor suppressor genes in invasion and metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of naturally occurring small non-coding RNAs that target protein-coding mRNAs at the post-transcriptional level. Our previous studies suggest that mir-21 functions as an oncogene and has a role in tumorigenesis, in part through regulation of the tumor suppressor gene tropomyosin 1 (TPM1). Given that TPM1 has been implicated in cell migration, in this study we further investigated the role of mir-21 in cell invasion and tumor metastasis. We found that suppression of mir-21 in metastatic breast cancer MDA-MB-231 cells significantly reduced invasion and lung metastasis. Consistent with this, ectopic expression of TPM1 remarkably reduced cell invasion. Furthermore, we identified two additional direct mir-21 targets, programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) and maspin, both of which have been implicated in invasion and metastasis. Like TPM1, PDCD4 and maspin also reduced invasiveness of MDA-MB-231 cells. Finally, the expression of PDCD4 and maspin inversely correlated with mir-21 expression in human breast tumor specimens, indicating the potential regulation of PDCD4 and maspin by mir-21 in these tumors. Taken together, the results suggest that, as an oncogenic miRNA, mir-21 has a role not only in tumor growth but also in invasion and tumor metastasis by targeting multiple tumor/metastasis suppressor genes. Therefore, suppression of mir-21 may provide a novel approach for the treatment of advanced cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-125a represses cell growth by targeting HuR in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of naturally occurring, small, non-coding RNAs that control gene expression during development,normal cell function and disease. Although there is emerging evidence that some miRNAs can function as oncogenes or tumor suppressors, there is limited understanding of the role of miRNAs in cancer. In this study, we observed that the expression of miR-125a was inversely correlated with HuR expression in several different breast carcinoma cell lines. HuR is a stress-induced RNA binding protein whose expression is elevated or localization perturbed in several different cancers. Increased cytoplasmic localization of HuR is a prognostic marker in breast cancer. Real time PCR and gene reporter assays indicated that HuR was translationally repressed by miR-125a. Re-establishing miR-125a expression in breast cancer cells decreased HuR protein level and inhibited cell growth. Using MCF-7 breast cancer cells, we further clarified that miR-125a inhibited cell growth via a dramatic suppression of cell proliferation and promotion of apoptosis.In addition, cell migration was also inhibited by miR-125a overexpression. Importantly, the repression of cell proliferation and migration engendered by miR-125a was partly rescued by HuR re-expression. Our results suggest that miR-125a may function as a tumor suppressor for breast cancer, with HuR as a direct and functional target."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-495 downregulates FOXC1 expression to suppress cell growth and migration in endometrial cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of noncoding RNAs and function as key regulators of gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. In this study, we found that miR-495 reduces cell growth, induces apoptosis and suppresses the migration of endometrial cancer by directly inhibiting FOXC1 expression. Further analysis revealed that FOXC1 promotes growth and migration and functions as an oncogene in vitro. FOXC1 overexpression reversed the cellular responses mediated by miR-495 in endometrial cancer cells. We also found that miR-495 suppresses the growth of endometrial cancer in vivo. Altogether, these results indicate that miR-495 acts as a tumour suppressor gene by targeting FOXC1 at the post-transcriptional level in endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: Overview of MicroRNA Biogenesis, Mechanisms of Actions, and Circulation. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of non-coding RNAs that play important roles in regulating gene expression. The majority of miRNAs are transcribed from DNA sequences into primary miRNAs and processed into precursor miRNAs, and finally mature miRNAs. In most cases, miRNAs interact with the 3' untranslated region (3' UTR) of target mRNAs to induce mRNA degradation and translational repression. However, interaction of miRNAs with other regions, including the 5' UTR, coding sequence, and gene promoters, have also been reported. Under certain conditions, miRNAs can also activate translation or regulate transcription. The interaction of miRNAs with their target genes is dynamic and dependent on many factors, such as subcellular location of miRNAs, the abundancy of miRNAs and target mRNAs, and the affinity of miRNA-mRNA interactions. miRNAs can be secreted into extracellular fluids and transported to target cells via vesicles, such as exosomes, or by binding to proteins, including Argonautes. Extracellular miRNAs function as chemical messengers to mediate cell-cell communication. In this review, we provide an update on canonical and non-canonical miRNA biogenesis pathways and various mechanisms underlying miRNA-mediated gene regulations. We also summarize the current knowledge of the dynamics of miRNA action and of the secretion, transfer, and uptake of extracellular miRNAs."	0
"Title: Microarray analysis shows that some microRNAs downregulate large numbers of target mRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of noncoding RNAs that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression in plants and animals. To investigate the influence of miRNAs on transcript levels, we transfected miRNAs into human cells and used microarrays to examine changes in the messenger RNA profile. Here we show that delivering miR-124 causes the expression profile to shift towards that of brain, the organ in which miR-124 is preferentially expressed, whereas delivering miR-1 shifts the profile towards that of muscle, where miR-1 is preferentially expressed. In each case, about 100 messages were downregulated after 12 h. The 3' untranslated regions of these messages had a significant propensity to pair to the 5' region of the miRNA, as expected if many of these messages are the direct targets of the miRNAs. Our results suggest that metazoan miRNAs can reduce the levels of many of their target transcripts, not just the amount of protein deriving from these transcripts. Moreover, miR-1 and miR-124, and presumably other tissue-specific miRNAs, seem to downregulate a far greater number of targets than previously appreciated, thereby helping to define tissue-specific gene expression in humans."	0
"Title: miR-449a causes Rb-dependent cell cycle arrest and senescence in prostate cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) that regulate gene expression by repressing translation or triggering the degradation of complementary mRNA sequences. Certain miRNAs have been shown to function as integral components of the p53 and/or retinoblastoma (Rb) regulatory networks. As such, miRNA dysregulation can have a profound effect on cancer development. Previous studies have shown that miR-449a is down-regulated in human prostate cancer tissue and possesses potential tumor suppressor function. In the present study, we identify miR-449a-mediated growth arrest in prostate cancer cells is dependent on the Rb protein. We show that mutant Rb prostate cancer cells (DU- 145) are resistant to cell cycle arrest and cellular senescence induced by miR- 449a, while overexpression of wild-type Rb in DU-145 sublines (DU-1.1 and B5) restores miR-449a function. In silico analysis of 3'UTR regions reveal a putative miR-449a target site in the transcript of Cyclin D1 (CCND1); an oncogene involved in directly regulating Rb activity and cell cycle progression. Luciferase 3'UTR reporter constructs and inhibitory oligonucleotides confirm that Cyclin D1 is a direct downstream target of miR-449a. We also reveal that miR-449a suppresses Rb phosphorylation through the knockdown of Cyclin D1 and previously validated target HDAC1. By targeting genes involved in controlling Rb activity, miR- 449a regulates growth and senescence in an Rb-dependent manner. These data indicate that miR-449a is a miRNA component of the Rb pathway and its tumor suppressor-like effects, in part, depends on Rb status in prostate cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA detection by microarray. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small noncoding RNAs approximately 22 nt in length that regulate gene expression and play fundamental roles in multiple biological processes, including cell differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis as well as disease processes. The study of miRNA has thus become a rapidly emerging field in life science. The detection of miRNA expression is a very important first step in miRNA exploration. Several methodologies, including cloning, northern blotting, real-time RT-PCR, microRNA arrays and ISH (in situ hybridization), have been developed and applied successfully in miRNA profiling. This review discusses the main existing microRNA detection technologies, while emphasizing microRNA arrays."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) represses tumor suppressor PTEN and promotes growth and invasion in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small non-coding RNAs regulating gene expression that play roles in the pathogenesis of human diseases, including malignancy. miR-21, a commonly overexpressed miRNA in very diverse types of malignancies, may affect tumor progression through targeting tumor suppressor genes. We identified the role of miR-21 in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) and to clarify the regulation of PTEN by miR-21 and determine mechanisms of this regulation. Methods: Expression of miR-21 and PTEN in 20 paired NSCLC and adjacent non-tumor lung tissues was investigated by qRT-PCR and western blot, respectively. The effect of miR-21 on PTEN expression was assessed in NSCLC cell lines with miR-21 inhibitor to decrease miR-21 expression. Furthermore, the roles of miR-21 in cell growth and invasion were analyzed with miR-21 inhibitor-transfected cells. Results: miR-21 was overexpressed in tumor tissues relative to adjacent non-tumor tissues. Notably, patients with advanced clinical TNM stage (n=16) or distal metastasis (n=5) demonstrated higher miR-21 expression than those without them (n=26, or n=37) (p<0.05, or p<0.001). Tumor tissues showed an inverse correlation between miR-21 and PTEN protein. miR-21 inhibitor transfection increased a luciferase-reporter activity containing the PTEN-3'-UTR construct and increased PTEN protein but not PTEN-mRNA levels in NSCLC cell lines. Finally, miR-21 inhibitor-transfected cells exhibited markedly reduced cell growth and invasive characteristics. Conclusions: miR-21 post-transcriptionally down-regulates the expression of tumor suppressor PTEN and stimulates growth and invasion in NSCLC. It may be a potential therapeutic target for NSCLC."	0
"Title: miR-21 Expression in Pregnancy-Associated Breast Cancer: A Possible Marker of Poor Prognosis. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small noncoding RNAs that can act as key modulators in tumorigenesis-related genes. Specifically, it has been suggested that miR-21 overexpression plays a role in the development and progression of breast cancer. So far, the role of miRNAs in pregnancy-associated breast cancer (PABC) has not been investigated. Methods and results: We evaluated miR-21 expression by quantitative RT-PCR in 35 patients, 25 with PABC and 10 control breast cancer cases not pregnancy-associated with similar clinicopathological features. We then analyzed protein expression for PTEN, BCL2 and PDCD4 as miR-21 target genes by IHC, and finally correlated the results with patients' clinicopathological features.Significant overexpression of miR-21 in PABC tumors compared to normal adjacent tissue was found. Overexpression of miR-21 was frequently found in high grade tumors with loss of hormone receptor expression and was significantly associated with positive lymph nodes (p=0.025). In PABC patients, PTEN, BCL2 and PDCD4 target protein expression was decreased in 80%, 76% and 40% respectively. Conclusion: Our study supports the involvement of miR-21 in breast cancer progression and metastasis formation in PABC implying a role of this miRNA as a marker for poor prognosis in PABC patients."	0
"Title: MicroRNA gene expression deregulation in human breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small noncoding RNAs that control gene expression by targeting mRNAs and triggering either translation repression or RNA degradation. Their aberrant expression may be involved in human diseases, including cancer. Indeed, miRNA aberrant expression has been previously found in human chronic lymphocytic leukemias, where miRNA signatures were associated with specific clinicobiological features. Here, we show that, compared with normal breast tissue, miRNAs are also aberrantly expressed in human breast cancer. The overall miRNA expression could clearly separate normal versus cancer tissues, with the most significantly deregulated miRNAs being mir-125b, mir-145, mir-21, and mir-155. Results were confirmed by microarray and Northern blot analyses. We could identify miRNAs whose expression was correlated with specific breast cancer biopathologic features, such as estrogen and progesterone receptor expression, tumor stage, vascular invasion, or proliferation index."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-125b induces metastasis by targeting STARD13 in MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression by targeting mRNAs to trigger either translation repression or mRNA degradation. miR-125b is down-regulated in human breast cancer cells compared with the normal ones except highly metastatic tumor cells MDA-MB-231. However, few functional studies were designed to investigate metastatic potential of miR-125b. In this study, the effects of miR-125b on metastasis in human breast cancer cells were studied, and the targets of miR-125b were also explored. Transwell migration assay, cell wound healing assay, adhesion assay and nude mice model of metastasis were utilized to investigate the effects of miR-125b on metastasis potential in vitro and in vivo. In addition, it was implied STARD13 (DLC2) was a direct target of miR-125b by Target-Scan analysis, luciferase reporter assay and western blot. Furthermore, activation of STARD13 was identified responsible for metastasis induced by miR-125b through a siRNA targeting STARD13. qRT-PCR, immunofluorescent assay and western blot was used to observe the variation of Vimentin and ?-SMA in breast cancer cells. In summary, our study provided new insights into the function of miR-125b during the metastasis of breat cancer cells and also suggested the role of miR-125b in pro-metastasis by targeting STARD13."	0
"Title: MiR-548c impairs migration and invasion of endometrial and ovarian cancer cells via downregulation of Twist. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small non-coding RNAs, which post-transcriptionally repress the expression of genes involved in cancer initiation and progression. Although some miRNAs that target many signaling pathways (also called universe miRNAs) are supposed to play a global role in diverse human tumors, their regulatory functions in gynecological cancers remain largely unknown. We investigated the biological role and underlying mechanism of miR-548c (one universe miRNA) in endometrial and ovarian cancer. Methods: The effects of miR-548c overexpression on cell proliferation, migration and invasion were studied in endometrial and ovarian cancer cells. TWIST1 (Twist) was identified as a direct miR-548c target by western blot analysis and luciferase activity assay. The expression of miR-548c and Twist were examined by qRT-PCR in endometrial and ovarian cancer tissues. Results: Here, we report that miR-548c is down-regulated in endometrial and ovarian cancer tissues when compared to normal tissues, and our meta-analysis reveal that decreased miR-548c expression correlates with poor prognosis in endometrial cancer patients. We show that in endometrial and ovarian cancer cells, ectopic expression of miR-548c significantly inhibits whereas knockdown of miR-548c dramatically induces cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion. By using luciferase reporter assay, we demonstrate that Twist, a known oncogene in endometrial and ovarian cancers, is a direct target of miR-548c. Furthermore, the expression of Twist partially abrogates the tumor suppressive effects of miR-548c on cell migration and invasion. Conclusion: These findings suggest that miR-548c directly downregulates Twist, and provide a novel mechanism for Twist upregulation in both endometrial and ovarian cancers. The use of miR-548c may hold therapeutic potential for the treatment of Twist-overexpressing tumors."	0
"Title: MicroRNA silencing through RISC recruitment of eIF6. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small RNAs that act post-transcriptionally to regulate messenger RNA stability and translation. To elucidate how miRNAs mediate their repressive effects, we performed biochemical and functional assays to identify new factors in the miRNA pathway. Here we show that human RISC (RNA-induced silencing complex) associates with a multiprotein complex containing MOV10--which is the homologue of Drosophila translational repressor Armitage--and proteins of the 60S ribosome subunit. Notably, this complex contains the anti-association factor eIF6 (also called ITGB4BP or p27BBP), a ribosome inhibitory protein known to prevent productive assembly of the 80S ribosome. Depletion of eIF6 in human cells specifically abrogates miRNA-mediated regulation of target protein and mRNA levels. Similarly, depletion of eIF6 in Caenorhabditis elegans diminishes lin-4 miRNA-mediated repression of the endogenous LIN-14 and LIN-28 target protein and mRNA levels. These results uncover an evolutionarily conserved function of the ribosome anti-association factor eIF6 in miRNA-mediated post-transcriptional silencing."	0
"Title: miR-187 inhibits the growth of cervical cancer cells by targeting FGF9. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a cluster of short non-coding RNAs playing critical roles in human cancers. miR-187 was recently found to be a novel cancer-related microRNA. However, the expression and function of miR-187 in cervical cancer have not been investigated. In this study, we found that miR-187 level was decreased in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Patients with low level of miR-187 had significantly decreased rate of overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (DFS). miR-187 overexpression inhibited proliferation and promoted apoptosis of cervical cancer cells, whereas miR-187 knockdown promoted proliferation and inhibited apoptosis of cervical cancer cells. Forced expression of miR-187 inhibited the subcutaneous growth of cervical cancer cells in nude mice. Furthermore, FGF9 was found to be the downstream target of miR-187 in cervical cancer cells. Importantly, targeting FGF9 was required for miR-187 exerting its tumor suppressive roles in cervical cancer cells."	0
"Title: MiR-145 is downregulated in human ovarian cancer and modulates cell growth and invasion by targeting p70S6K1 and MUC1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a family of small non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression at post-transcriptional levels. Previous studies have shown that miR-145 is downregulated in human ovarian cancer; however, the roles of miR-145 in ovarian cancer growth and invasion have not been fully demonstrated. In the present study, Northern blot and qRT-PCR analysis indicate that miR-145 is downregulated in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines, as well as in serum samples of ovarian cancer, compared to healthy ovarian tissues, cell lines and serum samples. Functional studies suggest that miR-145 overexpression leads to the inhibition of colony formation, cell proliferation, cell growth viability and invasion, and the induction of cell apoptosis. In accordance with the effect of miR-145 on cell growth, miR-145 suppresses tumor growth in vivo. MiR-145 is found to negatively regulate P70S6K1 and MUC1 protein levels by directly targeting their 3'UTRs. Importantly, the overexpression of p70S6K1 and MUC1 can restore the cell colony formation and invasion abilities that are reduced by miR-145, respectively. MiR-145 expression is increased after 5-aza-CdR treatment, and 5-aza-CdR treatment results in the same phenotype as the effect of miR-145 overexpression. Our study suggests that miR-145 modulates ovarian cancer growth and invasion by suppressing p70S6K1 and MUC1, functioning as a tumor suppressor. Moreover, our data imply that miR-145 has potential as a miRNA-based therapeutic target for ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs as novel players in skin development, homeostasis and disease. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a group of newly discovered small (?19-24 nucleotides), noncoding RNAs that modulate gene expression by interacting with the 3' untranslated region of the corresponding target gene messenger RNA (mRNA). miRNAs have been estimated to regulate more than one-third of protein-encoding mRNAs. As a consequence, cellular protein expression and a large number of biological processes are influenced by miRNA-mediated post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression. The severe phenotype of mice lacking key enzymes of the miRNA biogenesis pathway (Dgcr8 and Dicer) in the skin confirmed the essential function of miRNAs in this tissue. In addition, a growing number of reports has identified miRNAs as regulators of the morphogenesis and homeostasis of the skin and its appendages, and miRNA deregulation was shown to be associated or even causally related to several skin diseases. Profiling studies have identified numerous differentially regulated miRNAs associated with physiological (e.g. keratinocyte differentiation) and pathological (e.g. psoriasis, melanoma) processes. These data bear enormous potential for further studies. Because of the easy accessibility of the skin, it is plausible to anticipate that, once efficient and safe methods for the topical delivery of substances mimicking or modulating miRNA activity become available, skin diseases will be among the first to be approached with miRNA-based therapies. This review article gives a short introduction to miRNA biology and summarizes and discusses existing evidence for a role of these molecules in the skin."	0
"Title: Expression profiling of cancerous and normal breast tissues identifies microRNAs that are differentially expressed in serum from patients with (metastatic) breast cancer and healthy volunteers. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a group of small noncoding RNAs involved in the regulation of gene expression. As such, they regulate a large number of cellular pathways, and deregulation or altered expression of miRNAs is associated with tumorigenesis. In the current study, we evaluated the feasibility and clinical utility of circulating miRNAs as biomarkers for the detection and staging of breast cancer. Methods: miRNAs were extracted from a set of 84 tissue samples from patients with breast cancer and eight normal tissue samples obtained after breast-reductive surgery. After reverse transcription and preamplification, 768 miRNAs were profiled by using the TaqMan low-density arrays. After data normalization, unsupervised hierarchical cluster analysis (UHCA) was used to investigate global differences in miRNA expression between cancerous and normal samples. With fold-change analysis, the most discriminating miRNAs between both tissue types were selected, and their expression was analyzed on serum samples from 20 healthy volunteers and 75 patients with breast cancer, including 16 patients with untreated metastatic breast cancer. miRNAs were extracted from 200 ?l of serum, reverse transcribed, and analyzed in duplicate by using polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Results: UHCA showed major differences in miRNA expression between tissue samples from patients with breast cancer and tissue samples from breast-reductive surgery (P < 0.0001). Generally, miRNA expression in cancerous samples tends to be repressed when compared with miRNA expression in healthy controls (P = 0.0685). The four most discriminating miRNAs by fold-change (miR-215, miR-299-5p, miR-411, and miR-452) were selected for further analysis on serum samples. All miRNAs at least tended to be differentially expressed between serum samples from patients with cancer and serum samples from healthy controls (miR-215, P = 0.094; miR-299-5P, P = 0.019; miR-411, P = 0.002; and miR-452, P = 0.092). For all these miRNAs, except for miR-452, the greatest difference in expression was observed between serum samples from healthy volunteers and serum samples from untreated patients with metastatic breast cancer. Conclusions: Our study provides a basis for the establishment of miRNAs as biomarkers for the detection and eventually staging of breast cancer through blood-borne testing. We identified and tested a set of putative biomarkers of breast cancer and demonstrated that altered levels of these miRNAs in serum from patients with breast cancer are particularly associated with the presence of metastatic disease."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs: novel regulators of immunity. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a growing class of evolutionarily conserved small non-coding RNAs that act as key regulators of gene expression at post-transcriptional level by targeting mRNAs for translational repression or degradation. These tiny regulators of gene expression have been shown to have unique tissue-specific, developmental stage-specific and disease-specific patterns. These observations suggest that miRNAs might be essential players in cell differentiation and maintenance of tissue type identity. Indeed, during the last years several studies highlighted that miRNAs play a critical role in the differentiation and function of the adaptive and innate immune systems. This review provides an overview of the miRNAs mode of action and of the important and diverse roles of miRNAs in regulating the development of hematopoietic system and in modulating immune responses. The implications arising in the field of autoimmune diseases will be discussed."	0
"Title: The Microprocessor complex mediates the genesis of microRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a growing family of small non-protein-coding regulatory genes that regulate the expression of homologous target-gene transcripts. They have been implicated in the control of cell death and proliferation in flies, haematopoietic lineage differentiation in mammals, neuronal patterning in nematodes and leaf and flower development in plants. miRNAs are processed by the RNA-mediated interference machinery. Drosha is an RNase III enzyme that was recently implicated in miRNA processing. Here we show that human Drosha is a component of two multi-protein complexes. The larger complex contains multiple classes of RNA-associated proteins including RNA helicases, proteins that bind double-stranded RNA, novel heterogeneous nuclear ribonucleoproteins and the Ewing's sarcoma family of proteins. The smaller complex is composed of Drosha and the double-stranded-RNA-binding protein, DGCR8, the product of a gene deleted in DiGeorge syndrome. In vivo knock-down and in vitro reconstitution studies revealed that both components of this smaller complex, termed Microprocessor, are necessary and sufficient in mediating the genesis of miRNAs from the primary miRNA transcript."	0
"Title: The widespread regulation of microRNA biogenesis, function and decay. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a large family of post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression that are approximately 21 nucleotides in length and control many developmental and cellular processes in eukaryotic organisms. Research during the past decade has identified major factors participating in miRNA biogenesis and has established basic principles of miRNA function. More recently, it has become apparent that miRNA regulators themselves are subject to sophisticated control. Many reports over the past few years have reported the regulation of miRNA metabolism and function by a range of mechanisms involving numerous protein-protein and protein-RNA interactions. Such regulation has an important role in the context-specific functions of miRNAs."	0
"Title: MiR-145 inhibits oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) cell growth by targeting c-Myc and Cdk6. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a large group of negative gene regulators that potentially play a critical role in tumorigenesis. Increasing evidences indicate that miR-145 acts a tumor suppressor in numerous human cancers. However, its role in oral carcinogenesis remains poorly defined. The aim of this study is to determine expression levels of miR-145 in oral squamous cell carcinomas (OSCCs) and normal mucosa tissues, and explore its biological functions in OSCCs. Methods: Reverse transcription quantitative real-time PCR (RT-qPCR) assay was used to evaluate expression levels of miR-145. The biological functions of miR-145 were determined by cell proliferation and colony formation, cell cycle and apoptosis, as well as cell invasion assay. Results: MiR-145 was frequently down-regulated in OSCCs compared with normal mucosa tissues. Restoring miR-145 expression in OSCC cells dramatically suppressed cell proliferation and colony formation, and induced G1 phase arrest and cell apoptosis. Importantly, our data showed that miR-145 downregulated the expression of c-Myc and Cdk6, which have previously been identified as two direct targets of miR-145. Conclusions: Our data suggest that miR-145 exerts its tumor suppressor function by targeting c-Myc and Cdk6, leading to the inhibition of OSCC cell growth. MiR-145 rescue may thus be a rational for diagnostic and therapeutic applications in OSCC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 promotes apoptosis in SKOV3, A2780, and primary cultured ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a large group of small non-coding RNAs that can negatively regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. The deregulation of miRNAs has been associated with tumorigenesis, drug resistance, and prognosis in cancers. Deregulated miR-155 has been reported in numerous cancers; however, its function remains unclear. 4',6-Diamidino-2-phenylindole (DAPI) staining and terminal-deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated nick end labeling (TUNEL) techniques were used to determine the effects of a miR-155 mimic or inhibitor on the apoptotic ratio of ovarian cancer cells induced by cisplatin. Bioinformatic predictions, the dual-luciferase reporter assay, and western blot analysis were used to detect how miR-155 regulates X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP). We demonstrated that a miR-155 mimic could decrease the IC50 value of cisplatin in SKOV3 ovarian cancer cells. Subsequently, gain- and loss-of-function analyses with a miR-155 mimic and inhibitor showed that miR-155 sensitizes ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin. Furthermore, the results from the luciferase assays and western blot analysis identified XIAP as the direct target of miR-155. In addition, introducing XIAP cDNA without a three prime untranslated region (3'-UTR) rescued the miR-155 promotion of apoptosis. These results indicate that miR-155 mediates cisplatin-induced apoptosis by targeting XIAP in ovarian cancer cells and that miR-155 could be a potential therapeutic target to increase the efficiency of ovarian cancer interventions."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs and their target gene networks in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a major class of small endogenous RNA molecules that post-transcriptionally inhibit gene expression. Many miRNAs have been implicated in several human cancers, including breast cancer. Here we describe the association between altered miRNA signatures and breast cancer tumorigenesis and metastasis. The loss of several tumor suppressor miRNAs (miR-206, miR-17-5p, miR-125a, miR-125b, miR-200, let-7, miR-34 and miR-31) and the overexpression of certain oncogenic miRNAs (miR-21, miR-155, miR-10b, miR-373 and miR-520c) have been observed in many breast cancers. The gene networks orchestrated by these miRNAs are still largely unknown, although key targets have been identified that may contribute to the disease phenotype. Here we report how the observed perturbations in miRNA expression profiles may lead to disruption of key pathways involved in breast cancer."	0
"Title: The role of microRNAs in breast cancer migration, invasion and metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a major class of small, noncoding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression by targeting mRNAs to trigger either translational repression or mRNA degradation. They have recently been more widely investigated due to their potential role as targets for cancer therapy. Many miRNAs have been implicated in several human cancers, including breast cancer. miRNAs are known to regulate cell cycle and development, and thus may serve as useful targets for exploration in anticancer therapeutics. The link between altered miRNA signatures and breast cancer development and metastasis can be observed either through the loss of tumor suppressor miRNAs, such as let-7s, miR-30a/31/34a/125s/200s/203/205/206/342 or the overexpression of oncogenic miRNAs, such as miR-10b/21/135a/155/221/222/224/373/520c in breast cancer cells. Some of these miRNAs have also been validated in tumor specimens of breast cancer patients, underscoring their potential roles in diagnostics, as well as targets for novel therapeutics for breast cancer. In this review article, we will provide an overview and update of our current understanding of the mode of action of several of these well characterized miRNAs in breast cancer models. Therefore, better understanding of the gene networks orchestrated by these miRNAs may help exploit the full potential of miRNAs in regards to cancer diagnosis, treatment, and therapeutics."	0
"Title: Identification of tissue-specific microRNAs from mouse. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a new class of noncoding RNAs, which are encoded as short inverted repeats in the genomes of invertebrates and vertebrates. It is believed that miRNAs are modulators of target mRNA translation and stability, although most target mRNAs remain to be identified. Here we describe the identification of 34 novel miRNAs by tissue-specific cloning of approximately 21-nucleotide RNAs from mouse. Almost all identified miRNAs are conserved in the human genome and are also frequently found in nonmammalian vertebrate genomes, such as pufferfish. In heart, liver, or brain, it is found that a single, tissue-specifically expressed miRNA dominates the population of expressed miRNAs and suggests a role for these miRNAs in tissue specification or cell lineage decisions. Finally, a miRNA was identified that appears to be the fruitfly and mammalian ortholog of C. elegans lin-4 stRNA."	0
"Title: microRNAs as oncogenes and tumor suppressors. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are a new class of non-protein-coding, endogenous, small RNAs. They are important regulatory molecules in animals and plants. miRNA regulates gene expression by translational repression, mRNA cleavage, and mRNA decay initiated by miRNA-guided rapid deadenylation. Recent studies show that some miRNAs regulate cell proliferation and apoptosis processes that are important in cancer formation. By using multiple molecular techniques, which include Northern blot analysis, real-time PCR, miRNA microarray, up- or down-expression of specific miRNAs, it was found that several miRNAs were directly involved in human cancers, including lung, breast, brain, liver, colon cancer, and leukemia. In addition, some miRNAs may function as oncogenes or tumor suppressors. More than 50% of miRNA genes are located in cancer-associated genomic regions or in fragile sites, suggesting that miRNAs may play a more important role in the pathogenesis of a limited range of human cancers than previously thought. Overexpressed miRNAs in cancers, such as mir-17-92, may function as oncogenes and promote cancer development by negatively regulating tumor suppressor genes and/or genes that control cell differentiation or apoptosis. Underexpressed miRNAs in cancers, such as let-7, function as tumor suppressor genes and may inhibit cancers by regulating oncogenes and/or genes that control cell differentiation or apoptosis. miRNA expression profiles may become useful biomarkers for cancer diagnostics. In addition, miRNA therapy could be a powerful tool for cancer prevention and therapeutics."	0
"Title: Altered MicroRNA expression confined to specific epithelial cell subpopulations in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a new class of short noncoding regulatory RNAs (18-25 nucleotides) that are involved in diverse developmental and pathologic processes. Altered miRNA expression has been associated with several types of human cancer. However, most studies did not establish whether miRNA expression changes occurred within cells undergoing malignant transformation. To obtain insight into miRNA deregulation in breast cancer, we implemented an in situ hybridization (ISH) method to reveal the spatial distribution of miRNA expression in archived formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded specimens representing normal and tumor tissue from >100 patient cases. Here, we report that expression of miR-145 and miR-205 was restricted to the myoepithelial/basal cell compartment of normal mammary ducts and lobules, whereas their accumulation was reduced or completely eliminated in matching tumor specimens. Conversely, expression of other miRNAs was detected at varying levels predominantly within luminal epithelial cells in normal tissue; expression of miR-21 was frequently increased, whereas that of let-7a was decreased in malignant cells. We also analyzed the association of miRNA expression with that of epithelial markers; prognostic indicators such as estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and HER2; as well as clinical outcome data. This ISH approach provides a more direct and informative assessment of how altered miRNA expression contributes to breast carcinogenesis compared with miRNA expression profiling in gross tissue biopsies. Most significantly, early manifestation of altered miR-145 expression in atypical hyperplasia and carcinoma in situ lesions suggests that this miRNA may have a potential clinical application as a novel biomarker for early detection."	0
"Title: Impaired microRNA processing enhances cellular transformation and tumorigenesis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a new class of small noncoding RNAs that post-transcriptionally regulate the expression of target mRNA transcripts. Many of these target mRNA transcripts are involved in proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis, processes commonly altered during tumorigenesis. Recent work has shown a global decrease of mature miRNA expression in human cancers. However, it is unclear whether this global repression of miRNAs reflects the undifferentiated state of tumors or causally contributes to the transformed phenotype. Here we show that global repression of miRNA maturation promotes cellular transformation and tumorigenesis. Cancer cells expressing short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) targeting three different components of the miRNA processing machinery showed a substantial decrease in steady-state miRNA levels and a more pronounced transformed phenotype. In animals, miRNA processing-impaired cells formed tumors with accelerated kinetics. These tumors were more invasive than control tumors, suggesting that global miRNA loss enhances tumorigenesis. Furthermore, conditional deletion of Dicer1 enhanced tumor development in a K-Ras-induced mouse model of lung cancer. Overall, these studies indicate that abrogation of global miRNA processing promotes tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Quantitative technologies establish a novel microRNA profile of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a novel class of small noncoding RNAs that modulate the expression of genes at the posttranscriptional level. These small molecules have been shown to be involved in cancer, apoptosis, and cell metabolism. In the present study we provide an informative profile of the expression of miRNAs in primary chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells using 2 independent and quantitative methods: miRNA cloning and quantitative real-time-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) of mature miRNAs. Both approaches show that miR-21 and miR-155 are dramatically overexpressed in patients with CLL, although the corresponding genomic loci are not amplified. miR-150 and miR-92 are also significantly deregulated in patients with CLL. In addition, we detected a marked miR-15a and miR-16 decrease in about 11% of cases. Finally, we identified a set of miRNAs whose expression correlates with biologic parameters of prognostic relevance, particularly with the mutational status of the IgV(H) genes. In summary, the results of this study offer for the first time a comprehensive and quantitative profile of miRNA expression in CLL and their healthy counterpart, suggesting that miRNAs could play a primary role in the disease itself."	0
"Title: Expression of microRNAs is dynamically regulated during cardiomyocyte hypertrophy. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a recently discovered class of approximately 22-nucleotide regulatory RNAs that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression. We have recently demonstrated that muscle-specific miRNAs miR-1 and miR-133 play an important role in modulating muscle proliferation and differentiation. Here, we investigate the involvement of miRNAs in cardiac hypertrophy. We analyzed the global expression of miRNAs in agonist-induced hypertrophic cardiomyocytes as well as in pressure overload-induced hypertrophic hearts and found the miRNA expression profile altered in those hypertrophic conditions. We further show that inhibition of endogenous miR-21 or miR-18b augments hypertrophic growth. Conversely, introduction of functional miR-21 or miR-18b into cardiomyocytes represses myocyte hypertrophy. Together, our studies point to miRNAs as critical regulators of cardiac hypertrophy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression signature and antisense-mediated depletion reveal an essential role of MicroRNA in vascular neointimal lesion formation. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a recently discovered class of endogenous, small, noncoding RNAs that regulate about 30% of the encoding genes of the human genome. However, the role of miRNAs in vascular disease is currently completely unknown. Using microarray analysis, we demonstrated for the first time that miRNAs are aberrantly expressed in the vascular walls after balloon injury. The aberrantly expressed miRNAs were further confirmed by Northern blot and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Modulating an aberrantly overexpressed miRNA, miR-21, via antisense-mediated depletion (knock-down) had a significant negative effect on neointimal lesion formation. In vitro, the expression level of miR-21 in dedifferentiated vascular smooth muscle cells was significantly higher than that in fresh isolated differentiated cells. Depletion of miR-21 resulted in decreased cell proliferation and increased cell apoptosis in a dose-dependent manner. MiR-21-mediated cellular effects were further confirmed in vivo in balloon-injured rat carotid arteries. Western blot analysis demonstrated that PTEN and Bcl-2 were involved in miR-21-mediated cellular effects. The results suggest that miRNAs are novel regulatory RNAs for neointimal lesion formation. MiRNAs may be a new therapeutic target for proliferative vascular diseases such as atherosclerosis, postangioplasty restenosis, transplantation arteriopathy, and stroke."	0
"Title: Biological functions of microRNAs: a review. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a recently discovered family of endogenous, noncoding RNA molecules approximately 22 nt in length. miRNAs modulate gene expression post-transcriptionally by binding to complementary sequences in the coding or 3' untranslated region of target messenger RNAs (mRNAs). It is now clear that the biogenesis and function of miRNAs are related to the molecular mechanisms of various clinical diseases, and that they can potentially regulate every aspect of cellular activity, including differentiation and development, metabolism, proliferation, apoptotic cell death, viral infection and tumorgenesis. Here, we review recent advances in miRNA research, and discuss the diverse roles of miRNAs in disease."	0
"Title: MiR-15a is underexpressed and inhibits the cell cycle by targeting CCNE1 in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a small class of non-coding RNAs that are widely dysregulated in various cancers. They act as either oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes in human cancer. The purpose of this study was to examine the expression levels of miR-15a in human breast cancer and its potential role in disease pathogenesis. The expression levels of miR-15a were measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) in 40 breast cancer specimens and adjacent normal breast tissues. MTT assays, colony formation assays, transwell chamber migration assays, cell cycle and apoptosis assays were used to explore the potential function of miR-15a in MDA-MB-231 human breast cancer cells. Luciferase reporter assays were performed to validate the regulation of a putative target of miR-15a, in corroboration with qPCR and western blot assays. We found that the expression of miR-15a was lower in breast cancer specimens compared with adjacent normal tissues (p<0.05). Overexpression of miR-15a inhibited cellular growth, suppressed migration and arrested cells at the G1 phase, but did not promote cellular apoptosis. Luciferase assays indicated that miR-15a can bind with its putative target site in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of CCNE1, suggesting that CCNE1 is a direct target of miR-15a. qPCR and western blot analysis indicated that the overexpression of miR-15a results in the downregulation of CCNE1 at the mRNA and protein levels. Taken together, the upregulation of miR-15a expression causes cellular growth inhibition, suppression of migration and G1 phase arrest by targeting CCNE1. These findings suggest that miR-15a may act as a tumor suppressor gene in breast cancer and that, in the future, it could be used as a therapeutic target for the treatment of breast cancer."	0
"Title: Silencing of microRNAs in vivo with 'antagomirs'. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are an abundant class of non-coding RNAs that are believed to be important in many biological processes through regulation of gene expression. The precise molecular function of miRNAs in mammals is largely unknown and a better understanding will require loss-of-function studies in vivo. Here we show that a novel class of chemically engineered oligonucleotides, termed 'antagomirs', are efficient and specific silencers of endogenous miRNAs in mice. Intravenous administration of antagomirs against miR-16, miR-122, miR-192 and miR-194 resulted in a marked reduction of corresponding miRNA levels in liver, lung, kidney, heart, intestine, fat, skin, bone marrow, muscle, ovaries and adrenals. The silencing of endogenous miRNAs by this novel method is specific, efficient and long-lasting. The biological significance of silencing miRNAs with the use of antagomirs was studied for miR-122, an abundant liver-specific miRNA. Gene expression and bioinformatic analysis of messenger RNA from antagomir-treated animals revealed that the 3' untranslated regions of upregulated genes are strongly enriched in miR-122 recognition motifs, whereas downregulated genes are depleted in these motifs. Analysis of the functional annotation of downregulated genes specifically predicted that cholesterol biosynthesis genes would be affected by miR-122, and plasma cholesterol measurements showed reduced levels in antagomir-122-treated mice. Our findings show that antagomirs are powerful tools to silence specific miRNAs in vivo and may represent a therapeutic strategy for silencing miRNAs in disease."	0
"Title: Oncomirs - microRNAs with a role in cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are an abundant class of small non-protein-coding RNAs that function as negative gene regulators. They regulate diverse biological processes, and bioinformatic data indicates that each miRNA can control hundreds of gene targets, underscoring the potential influence of miRNAs on almost every genetic pathway. Recent evidence has shown that miRNA mutations or mis-expression correlate with various human cancers and indicates that miRNAs can function as tumour suppressors and oncogenes. miRNAs have been shown to repress the expression of important cancer-related genes and might prove useful in the diagnosis and treatment of cancer."	0
"Title: High-throughput stem-loop RT-qPCR miRNA expression profiling using minute amounts of input RNA. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are an emerging class of small non-coding RNAs implicated in a wide variety of cellular processes. Research in this field is accelerating, and the growing number of miRNAs emphasizes the need for high-throughput and sensitive detection methods. Here we present the successful evaluation of the Megaplex reverse transcription format of the stem-loop primer-based real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) approach to quantify miRNA expression. The Megaplex reaction provides simultaneous reverse transcription of 450 mature miRNAs, ensuring high-throughput detection. Further, the introduction of a complementary DNA pre-amplification step significantly reduces the amount of input RNA needed, even down to single-cell level. To evaluate possible pre-amplification bias, we compared the expression of 384 miRNAs in three different cancer cell lines with Megaplex RT, with or without an additional pre-amplification step. The normalized Cq values of all three sample pairs showed a good correlation with maintenance of differential miRNA expression between the cell lines. Moreover, pre-amplification using 10 ng of input RNA enabled the detection of miRNAs that were undetectable when using Megaplex alone with 400 ng of input RNA. The high specificity of RT-qPCR together with a superior sensitivity makes this approach the method of choice for high-throughput miRNA expression profiling."	0
"Title: Inhibition of translational initiation by Let-7 MicroRNA in human cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are approximately 21-nucleotide-long RNA molecules regulating gene expression in multicellular eukaryotes. In metazoa, miRNAs act by imperfectly base-pairing with the 3' untranslated region of target messenger RNAs (mRNAs) and repressing protein accumulation by an unknown mechanism. We demonstrate that endogenous let-7 microribonucleoproteins (miRNPs) or the tethering of Argonaute (Ago) proteins to reporter mRNAs in human cells inhibit translation initiation. M(7)G-cap-independent translation is not subject to repression, suggesting that miRNPs interfere with recognition of the cap. Repressed mRNAs, Ago proteins, and miRNAs were all found to accumulate in processing bodies. We propose that localization of mRNAs to these structures is a consequence of translational repression."	0
"Title: miR-21-mediated tumor growth. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are approximately 22 nucleotide non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally. Although aberrant expression of miRNAs in various human cancers suggests a role for miRNAs in tumorigenesis, it remains largely unclear as to whether knockdown of a specific miRNA affects tumor growth. In this study, we profiled miRNA expression in matched normal breast tissue and breast tumor tissues by TaqMan real-time polymerase chain reaction miRNA array methods. Consistent with previous findings, we found that miR-21 was highly overexpressed in breast tumors compared to the matched normal breast tissues among 157 human miRNAs analysed. To better evaluate the role of miR-21 in tumorigenesis, we transfected breast cancer MCF-7 cells with anti-miR-21 oligonucleotides and found that anti-miR-21 suppressed both cell growth in vitro and tumor growth in the xenograft mouse model. Furthermore, this anti-miR-21-mediated cell growth inhibition was associated with increased apoptosis and decreased cell proliferation, which could be in part owing to downregulation of the antiapoptotic Bcl-2 in anti-miR-21-treated tumor cells. Together, these results suggest that miR-21 functions as an oncogene and modulates tumorigenesis through regulation of genes such as bcl-2 and thus, it may serve as a novel therapeutic target."	0
"Title: Significance of serum microRNA-21 in diagnosis of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC): clinical analyses of patients and an HCC rat model. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are associated with human carcinogenesis and tumor development. Moreover, serum miRNAs can reflect the level of tissue miRNAs and be potential tumor markers. Serum microRNA-21 (miR-21) is overexpressed in many human cancers including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, how serum miR-21 changes during the HCC formation and whether miR-21 plays a regulatory role in this whole process are unknown. The current study evaluated the prognostic and diagnostic potential of serum miR-21 in HCC patients. Next, we established a HCC rat model and collected the blood and liver tissues at regular time points. AFP from the serum, RNA from the serum and liver tissues were collected and quantified separately. The results revealed that tissue and serum miR-21 was upregulated significantly in the groups of cirrhosis, early and advanced HCC compared with normal and fibrosis groups. The AFP levels were increased in early and advanced HCC compared with other groups. Then, the changes of miR-21 downstream proteins (i.e., programmed cell death 4 [PDCD4] and phosphatase and tensin homolog [PTEN]) in the liver tissues were measured. PDCD4 and PTEN expression was decreased gradually after tumor induction and negatively correlated with miR-21 expression. All these results suggested that serum miR-21 was associated with the prognosis of HCC; the changes in serum miR-21 were earlier and more accurately reflected the pathogenesis of HCC than AFP; therefore, it could be used as an early diagnostic marker for HCC. Our in vivo experiments further confirmed that miR-21 plays an important role in promoting the occurrence and development of HCC by regulating PDCD4 and PTEN."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-375 targets AEG-1 in hepatocellular carcinoma and suppresses liver cancer cell growth in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are believed to have fundamental roles in tumorigenesis and have great potential for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. However, the roles of miRNAs in hepatocellular carcinogenesis are still not fully elucidated. We investigated the aberrantly expressed miRNAs involved in hepatoma by comparison of miRNA expression profiles in cancerous hepatocytes with normal primary human hepatocytes, and 37 dysregulated miRNAs were screened out by twofold change with a significant difference (P<0.05). Clustering analysis based on 13 miRNAs with changes over 15-folds showed that the miRNA expression patterns between the cancerous and normal hepatocytes were clearly different. Among the 13 miRNAs, we found that miR-375 was significantly downregulated in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-375 in liver cancer cells decreased cell proliferation, clonogenicity, migration/invasion and also induced G1 arrest and apoptosis. To unveil the molecular mechanism of miR-375-mediated phenotype in hepatoma cells described above, we examined the putative targets using bioinformatics tools and found that astrocyte elevated gene-1 (AEG-1) was a potential target of miR-375. Then we demonstrated that miR-375 bound directly to the 3'-untranslated region of AEG-1 and inhibited the expression of AEG-1. TaqMan quantitative reverse transcriptase-PCR and western blot analysis showed that miR-375 expression was inversely correlated with AEG-1 expression in HCC tissues. Knockdown of AEG-1 by RNAi in HCC cells, similar to miR-375 overexpression, suppressed tumor properties. Ectopic expression of AEG-1, conversely, could partially reverse the antitumor effects of miR-375. In a mouse model, therapeutic administration of cholesterol-conjugated 2'-O-methyl-modified miR-375 mimics (Chol-miR-375) could significantly suppress the growth of hepatoma xenografts in nude mice. In conclusion, our findings indicate that miR-375 targets AEG-1 in HCC and suppresses liver cancer cell growth in vitro and in vivo, and highlight the therapeutic potential of miR-375 in HCC treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNA biogenesis pathways in cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are critical regulators of gene expression. Amplification and overexpression of individual 'oncomiRs' or genetic loss of tumour suppressor miRNAs are associated with human cancer and are sufficient to drive tumorigenesis in mouse models. Furthermore, global miRNA depletion caused by genetic and epigenetic alterations in components of the miRNA biogenesis machinery is oncogenic. This, together with the recent identification of novel miRNA regulatory factors and pathways, highlights the importance of miRNA dysregulation in cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression patterns in the malignant progression of gliomas and a 5-microRNA signature for prognosis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are directly involved in the progression in various cancers. To date, no systematic researches have been performed on the expression pattern of miRNA during progression from low grade gliomas to anaplastic gliomas or secondary glioblastomas and those prognostic miRNAs in anaplastic gliomas and secondary glioblastomas. In the present study, high-throughput microarrays were used to measure miRNA expression levels in 116 samples in the different progression stages of glioma. We found that miRNA expression pattern totally altered when low grade gliomas progressed to anaplastic gliomas or secondary glioblastomas. However, anaplastic gliomas and secondary glioblastomas have similar expression pattern in miRNA level. Furthermore, we developed a five-miRNA signature (two protective miRNAs-miR-767-5p, miR-105; three risky miRNAs: miR-584, miR-296-5p and miR-196a) that could identify patients with a high risk of unfavorable outcome in anaplastic gliomas regardless of histology type. It should be highlighted that the five-miRNA signature can also identify patients who had a high risk of unfavorable outcome in secondary and TCGA Proneural glioblastomas, but not Neural, Classical and Mesenchymal glioblastomas. Taken together, our results demonstrate that miRNA expression patterns in the malignant progression of gliomas and a novel prognostic classifier, the five-miRNA signature, serve as a prognostic marker for patient risk stratification in anaplastic gliomas, Secondary and Proneural glioblastomas."	0
"Title: Diverse functions of miR-125 family in different cell contexts. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are emerging as a novel class of non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression at a post-transcriptional level. More than 1000 miRNAs have been identified in human cells to date, and they are reported to play important roles in normal cell homeostasis, cell metastasis and disease pathogensis and progression. MiR-125, which is a highly conserved miRNA throughout diverse species from nematode to humans, consists of three homologs hsa-miR-125a, hsa-miR-125b-1 and hsa-miR-125-2. Members of this family have been validated to be down-regulated, exhibiting its disease-suppressing properties in many different types of diseases, while they also have disease-promoting functions in certain contexts. MiR-125 targets a number of genes such as transcription factors, matrix-metalloprotease, members of Bcl-2 family and others, aberrance of which may lead to abnormal proliferation, metastasis and invasion of cells, even carcinomas. Furthermore, miR-125 plays a crucial role in immunological host defense, especially in response to bacterial or viral infections. In this review, we summarize the implication of miR-125 family in disease suppression and promotion, focusing on carcinoma and host immune responses. We also discussed the potential of this miRNA family as promising biomarkers and therapeutic targets for different diseases in future."	0
"Title: Systemic delivery of tumor suppressor microRNA mimics using a neutral lipid emulsion inhibits lung tumors in mice. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are emerging as potential cancer therapeutics, but effective delivery mechanisms to tumor sites are a roadblock to utility. Here we show that systemically delivered, synthetic miRNA mimics in complex with a novel neutral lipid emulsion are preferentially targeted to lung tumors and show therapeutic benefit in mouse models of lung cancer. Therapeutic delivery was demonstrated using mimics of the tumor suppressors, microRNA-34a (miR-34a) and let-7, both of which are often down regulated or lost in lung cancer. Systemic treatment of a Kras-activated autochthonous mouse model of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) led to a significant decrease in tumor burden. Specifically, mice treated with miR-34a displayed a 60% reduction in tumor area compared to mice treated with a miRNA control. Similar results were obtained with the let-7 mimic. These findings provide direct evidence that synthetic miRNA mimics can be systemically delivered to the mammalian lung and support the promise of miRNAs as a future targeted therapy for lung cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs: genomics, biogenesis, mechanism, and function. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous approximately 22 nt RNAs that can play important regulatory roles in animals and plants by targeting mRNAs for cleavage or translational repression. Although they escaped notice until relatively recently, miRNAs comprise one of the more abundant classes of gene regulatory molecules in multicellular organisms and likely influence the output of many protein-coding genes."	0
Title: MicroRNAs: target recognition and regulatory functions. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous approximately 23 nt RNAs that play important gene-regulatory roles in animals and plants by pairing to the mRNAs of protein-coding genes to direct their posttranscriptional repression. This review outlines the current understanding of miRNA target recognition in animals and discusses the widespread impact of miRNAs on both the expression and evolution of protein-coding genes.	0
"Title: Nuclear functions of mammalian MicroRNAs in gene regulation, immunity and cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous non-coding RNAs that contain approximately 22 nucleotides. They serve as key regulators in various biological processes and their dysregulation is implicated in many diseases including cancer and autoimmune disorders. It has been well established that the maturation of miRNAs occurs in the cytoplasm and miRNAs exert post-transcriptional gene silencing (PTGS) via RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC) pathway in the cytoplasm. However, numerous studies reaffirm the existence of mature miRNA in the nucleus, and nucleus-cytoplasm transport mechanism has also been illustrated. Moreover, active regulatory functions of nuclear miRNAs were found including PTGS, transcriptional gene silencing (TGS), and transcriptional gene activation (TGA), in which miRNAs bind nascent RNA transcripts, gene promoter regions or enhancer regions and exert further effects via epigenetic pathways. Based on existing interaction rules, some miRNA binding sites prediction software tools are developed, which are evaluated in this article. In addition, we attempt to explore and review the nuclear functions of miRNA in immunity, tumorigenesis and invasiveness of tumor. As a non-canonical aspect of miRNA action, nuclear miRNAs supplement miRNA regulatory networks and could be applied in miRNA based therapies."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in systemic rheumatic diseases. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, non-coding, single-stranded RNAs about 21 nucleotides in length. miRNAs have been shown to regulate gene expression and thus influence a wide range of physiological and pathological processes. Moreover, they are detected in a variety of sources, including tissues, serum, and other body fluids, such as saliva. The role of miRNAs is evident in various malignant and nonmalignant diseases, and there is accumulating evidence also for an important role of miRNAs in systemic rheumatic diseases. Abnormal expression of miRNAs has been reported in autoimmune diseases, mainly in systemic lupus erythematosus and rheumatoid arthritis. miRNAs can be aberrantly expressed even in the different stages of disease progression, allowing miRNAs to be important biomarkers, to help understand the pathogenesis of the disease, and to monitor disease activity and effects of treatment. Different groups have demonstrated a link between miRNA expression and disease activity, as in the case of renal flares in lupus patients. Moreover, miRNAs are emerging as potential targets for new therapeutic strategies of autoimmune disorders. Taken together, recent data demonstrate that miRNAs can influence mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis, relapse, and specific organ involvement of autoimmune diseases. The ultimate goal is the identification of a miRNA target or targets that could be manipulated through specific therapies, aiming at activation or inhibition of specific miRNAs responsible for the development of disease."	0
"Title: The role of MicroRNAs in human cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, small non-coding RNAs that function in regulation of gene expression. Compelling evidences have demonstrated that miRNA expression is dysregulated in human cancer through various mechanisms, including amplification or deletion of miRNA genes, abnormal transcriptional control of miRNAs, dysregulated epigenetic changes and defects in the miRNA biogenesis machinery. MiRNAs may function as either oncogenes or tumor suppressors under certain conditions. The dysregulated miRNAs have been shown to affect the hallmarks of cancer, including sustaining proliferative signaling, evading growth suppressors, resisting cell death, activating invasion and metastasis, and inducing angiogenesis. An increasing number of studies have identified miRNAs as potential biomarkers for human cancer diagnosis, prognosis and therapeutic targets or tools, which needs further investigation and validation. In this review, we focus on how miRNAs regulate the development of human tumors by acting as tumor suppressors or oncogenes."	0
"Title: MiR-21 induced angiogenesis through AKT and ERK activation and HIF-1? expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, small noncoding RNAs that play important roles in various cellular functions and tumor development. Recent studies have indicated that miR-21 is one of the important miRNAs associated with tumor growth and metastasis, but the role and molecular mechanism of miR-21 in regulating tumor angiogenesis remain to be elucidated. In this study, miR-21 was overexpressed by transfecting pre-miR-21 into human prostate cancer cells and tumor angiogenesis was assayed using chicken chorioallantoic membrane (CAM). We found that overexpression of miR-21 in DU145 cells increased the expression of HIF-1? and VEGF, and induced tumor angiogenesis. AKT and extracellular regulated kinases (ERK) 1/2 are activated by miR-21. Inhibition of miR-21 by the antigomir blocked this process. Overexpression of the miR-21 target, PTEN, also inhibited tumor angiogenesis by partially inactivating AKT and ERK and decreasing the expression of HIF-1 and VEGF. The AKT and ERK inhibitors, LY294002 and U0126, suppressed HIF-1? and VEGF expression and angiogenesis. Moreover, inhibition of HIF-1? expression alone abolished miR-21-inducing tumor angiogenesis, indicating that HIF-1? is required for miR-21-upregulated angiogenesis. Therefore, we demonstrate that miR-21 induces tumor angiogenesis through targeting PTEN, leading to activate AKT and ERK1/2 signaling pathways, and thereby enhancing HIF-1? and VEGF expression; HIF-1? is a key downstream target of miR-21 in regulating tumor angiogenesis."	0
"Title: microRNA expression in the eyes and their significance in relation to functions. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, small, non-coding, regulatory RNAs, approximately 22 nucleotides (nts) in size. Since the first discovery of miRNAs in 1993 in Caenorhabditis elegans, miRNAs have been shown to be widely expressed in metazoans and plants in tissue-specific and developmental stage-specific manners. miRNAs target their downstream messenger RNAs (mRNAs) by base pairing to their target sites with sequence complementarity, mainly in the 3' untranslated region (UTR), and induce the breakdown of the targeted mRNAs and/or inhibition of translation from the mRNAs. Approximately 30% of the protein-coding genes are estimated to be regulated by miRNAs. One miRNA can target hundreds of downstream target mRNAs, while one mRNA can be targeted by multiple miRNAs. miRNAs have been recognized as a major level of post-transcriptional regulation of the fine-tuning of gene expression, playing important roles in cellular proliferation, differentiation, and cell death and are involved in all aspects of the biological processes investigated thus far. Mutations in miRNAs and/or the target sites in the transcripts of their downstream target genes and dysregulation of miRNA biogenesis can result in a wide variety of diseases, including cancers. In the past few years, we and other groups have investigated miRNA expression in the retina and other ocular tissues. The miRNA transcriptomes of the retina, lens, and cornea have been established. Many miRNAs showed unique tissue-specific and developmental stage-specific expression patterns, suggesting potential unique functions in the retina and other ocular tissues. In spite of this progress, the roles of retinal and other ocular miRNAs in the development, normal functions, and diseases of the retina and other ocular tissues are still largely unknown. This review aims to provide an extensive summary of the current status and recent progress of our understanding of the miRNAs in retinal and other ocular tissues and speculate on future directions to define the roles of miRNAs in the retina and other ocular tissues and diseases."	0
"Title: Let-7a microRNA functions as a potential tumor suppressor in human laryngeal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenously expressed non-coding RNAs, which are involved in the gene expression regulation. Lethal-7a (let-7a) is a founding member of miRNA family and recently it was found to be associated with several cancers, such as lung and colon cancers. In the present study, we found that let-7a miRNA expression was significantly downregulated both in human laryngeal squamous cancer tissues and in Hep-2 cells, a laryngeal cancer cell line, as compared with adjacent normal tissues and BEAS-2B cells, respectively. Moreover, we found that let-7a expression levels were significantly further decreased in non-differentiated (G3) cancer tissues as compared with moderately and well differentiated cancer tissues (G2 and G1), although no significant difference in let-7a expression levels between the cancer specimens with different T stages or specimens from patients with different lymph node metastasis status was revealed. In Hep-2 cells, let-7a mimics transfection markedly suppressed proliferation and induced apoptosis of Hep-2 cells under the treatment of diamminedichloroplatinum or not and downregulated RAS and c-MYC protein expression without affecting the mRNA levels. In parallel, RAS and c-MYC protein levels were found significantly upregulated only in cancer tissues with downregulated let-7a expression. Thus, we propose that let-7a may be a tumor suppressor in laryngeal cancer by inhibiting cell growth, inducing cell apoptosis and downregulating the oncogenes expression."	0
"Title: let-7 microRNA functions as a potential growth suppressor in human colon cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenously expressed RNAs, 18-25 nucleotides in length, that repress protein translation through binding to target mRNAs. miRNAs have been implicated in many cellular processes including cell proliferation, differentiation, and death. Recently, let-7 miRNAs were found to regulate human RAS oncogene expression and to be often down-regulated in human lung tumors. In this study, we examined the expression of let-7 miRNAs in human colon cancer tumors and cell lines, with the result that 2 of 6 cases and 1 of 3 cell lines showed reduced expression of let-7. When let-7 low-expressing DLD-1 human colon cancer cells were transfected with let-7a-1 precursor miRNA, which is located at chromosome 9q22.3, the cells underwent significant growth suppression. At that time, the levels of RAS and c-myc proteins were lowered after the transfection, whereas the levels of both of their mRNAs remained almost unchanged. These findings suggest the involvement of let-7 miRNA in the growth of colon cancer cells. Thus, miRNAs might provide a basis for novel RNA anti-cancer agents."	0
"Title: Therapeutic targeting of microRNAs: current status and future challenges. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are evolutionarily conserved small non-coding RNAs that have crucial roles in regulating gene expression. Increasing evidence supports a role for miRNAs in many human diseases, including cancer and autoimmune disorders. The function of miRNAs can be efficiently and specifically inhibited by chemically modified antisense oligonucleotides, supporting their potential as targets for the development of novel therapies for several diseases. In this Review we summarize our current knowledge of the design and performance of chemically modified miRNA-targeting antisense oligonucleotides, discuss various in vivo delivery strategies and analyse ongoing challenges to ensure the specificity and efficacy of therapeutic oligonucleotides in vivo. Finally, we review current progress on the clinical development of miRNA-targeting therapeutics."	0
"Title: Targeting microRNAs in cancer: rationale, strategies and challenges. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are evolutionarily conserved small non-coding RNAs that regulate gene expression. Early studies have shown that miRNA expression is deregulated in cancer and experimental data indicate that cancer phenotypes can be modified by targeting miRNA expression. Based on these observations, miRNA-based anticancer therapies are being developed, either alone or in combination with current targeted therapies, with the goal to improve disease response and increase cure rates. The advantage of using miRNA approaches is based on its ability to concurrently target multiple effectors of pathways involved in cell differentiation, proliferation and survival. In this Review, we describe the role of miRNAs in tumorigenesis and critically discuss the rationale, the strategies and the challenges for the therapeutic targeting of miRNAs in cancer."	0
"Title: Biological and prognostic associations of miR-205 and let-7b in breast cancer revealed by in situ hybridization analysis of micro-RNA expression in arrays of archival tumour tissue. Abstract: Micro-RNAs (miRNAs) are frequently dysregulated in a range of human malignancies, many have been shown to act either as tumour supressors or oncogenes and several have been implicated in breast cancer. However, breast cancer is a diverse disease and little is known about the relationships between miRNA expression, clinical outcome and tumour subtype. We used locked nucleic acid probe in situ hybridization (LNA-ISH) to visualize, in tissue micro-arrays (TMAs) of 2919 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) archival breast tumours, the expression of two key miRNAs that are frequently lost in a range of solid malignancies, let-7b and miR-205. These miRNAs were also quantified by quantitative reverse transcription PCR in cores of FFPE tissue from 40 of these cases, demonstrating that LNA-ISH is semi-quantitative. The tumours in the TMAs were assigned to subtypes based on their immunohistochemical (IHC) staining with ER, PR, HER2, CK5/6 and EGFR. let-7b expression was shown to be associated with luminal tumours and to have an independent significant positive prognostic value in this group. miR-205 is associated with tumours of ductal morphology and is of significant positive prognostic value within these tumours. We propose that the expression of miR-205 may contribute to ductal tumour morphology."	0
"Title: TRBP recruits the Dicer complex to Ago2 for microRNA processing and gene silencing. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are generated by a two-step processing pathway to yield RNA molecules of approximately 22 nucleotides that negatively regulate target gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. Primary miRNAs are processed to precursor miRNAs (pre-miRNAs) by the Microprocessor complex. These pre-miRNAs are cleaved by the RNase III Dicer to generate mature miRNAs that direct the RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC) to messenger RNAs with complementary sequence. Here we show that TRBP (the human immunodeficiency virus transactivating response RNA-binding protein), which contains three double-stranded, RNA-binding domains, is an integral component of a Dicer-containing complex. Biochemical analysis of TRBP-containing complexes revealed the association of Dicer-TRBP with Argonaute 2 (Ago2), the catalytic engine of RISC. The physical association of Dicer-TRBP and Ago2 was confirmed after the isolation of the ternary complex using Flag-tagged Ago2 cell lines. In vitro reconstitution assays demonstrated that TRBP is required for the recruitment of Ago2 to the small interfering RNA (siRNA) bound by Dicer. Knockdown of TRBP results in destabilization of Dicer and a consequent loss of miRNA biogenesis. Finally, depletion of the Dicer-TRBP complex via exogenously introduced siRNAs diminished RISC-mediated reporter gene silencing. These results support a role of the Dicer-TRBP complex not only in miRNA processing but also as a platform for RISC assembly."	0
"Title: Altered expression of microRNA miR-146a correlates with the development of chronic renal inflammation. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are highly conserved small non-coding RNAs that act as post-transcriptional regulators of target mRNA. In this study, we sought to identify the microRNA underlying local inflammation in a murine model of chronic kidney disease (CKD). In microarray analysis of kidneys, the expression of miR-146a/b was elevated in B6.MRLc1 CKD mice that spontaneously develop renal inflammation with age. Primary-microRNA analysis found that elevated miR-146a/b expression in the kidneys of B6.MRLc1 mice was mainly derived from miR-146a rather than miR-146b, and this expression increased with the development of CKD. Histopathological scores for glomerular and interstitial lesions, mRNA expression of inflammatory mediators, and macrophage infiltration were significantly higher in B6.MRLc1 than C57BL/6 mice and were positively correlated with miR-146a expression. In situ hybridization and laser microdissection-RT-PCR showed that miR-146a expression in interstitial lesions containing inflammatory cells was higher than in the glomerulus. The increased expression of the inflammatory-associated genes RELA, IRAK1, IL1B, IL10, and CXCLs was noted in miR-146a/b-silenced human monocytes. The amount of miR-146a was higher in urine sediments of B6.MRLc1 than of C57BL/6 mice. Thus, miR-146a expression in the kidneys and its urinary excretion was specifically associated with the development of interstitial lesions and correlated with inflammatory cell infiltration."	0
"Title: Regulation of let-7 and its target oncogenes (Review). Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are highly evolutionarily-conserved non-coding small RNAs, which were first identified in Caenorhabditis elegans. Let-7 miRNA is involved in the regulation of gene expression in cells. Several novel factors and feedback loops involved in the regulation of the synthesis of let-7 have been identified and additional let-7 target genes have been found. Let-7 has also been shown to be significantly correlated with the occurrence and development of cancer and the results of preliminary studies suggest that it is involved in the regulation of oncogenic pathways in numerous types of tumors. Let-7 is, therefore, a potential molecular target for tumor therapy. Thus, this review examined let-7 and the correlation between let-7 and oncogenic pathways in cancer."	0
"Title: Dose-dependent differential mRNA target selection and regulation by let-7a-7f and miR-17-92 cluster microRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are important players of post-transcriptional gene regulation. Individual miRNAs can target multiple mRNAs and a single mRNA can be targeted by many miRNAs. We hypothesized that miRNAs select and regulate their targets based on their own expression levels, those of their target mRNAs and triggered feedback loops. We studied the effects of varying concentrations of let-7a-7f and the miR-17-92 cluster plasmids on the reporter genes carrying either DICER- or cMYC -3'UTR in Huh-7 cells. We showed that let-7 significantly downregulated expression of DICER 3'UTR reporter at lower concentrations, but selectively downregulated expression of a cMYC 3'UTR reporter at higher dose. This miRNA dose-dependent target selection was also confirmed in other target genes, including CCND1, CDKN1 and E2F1. After overexpressing let-7a-7f or the miR-17-92 clusters at wide-ranging doses, the target genes displayed a nonlinear correlation to the transfected miRNA. Further, by comparing the expression levels of let-7a and miR-17-5p, along with their selected target genes in 3 different cell lines, we found that the knockdown dose of each miRNA was directly related to their baseline expression level, that of the target gene and feedback loops. These findings were supported by gene modulation studies using endogenous levels of miR-29, -1 and -206 and a luciferase reporter system in multiple cell lines. Finally, we determined that the miR-17-92 cluster affected cell viability in a dose-dependent manner. In conclusion, we have shown that miRNAs potentially select their targets in a dose-dependent and nonlinear fashion that affects biological function; and this represents a novel mechanism by which miRNAs orchestrate the finely tuned balance of cell function."	0
"Title: The mir-34 microRNA is required for the DNA damage response in vivo in C. elegans and in vitro in human breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are important regulators of cell fate determination and homeostasis. Expression of these small RNA genes is tightly regulated during development and in normal tissues, but they are often misregulated in cancer. MiRNA expression is also affected by DNA damaging agents, such as radiation. In particular, mammalian miR-34 is upregulated by p53 in response to radiation, but little is known about the role of this miRNA in vivo. Here we show that Caenorhabditis elegans with loss-of-function mutations in the mir-34 gene have an abnormal cellular survival response to radiation; these animals are highly radiosensitive in the soma and radioresistant in the germline. These findings show a role for mir-34 in both apoptotic and non-apoptotic cell death in vivo, much like that of cep-1, the C. elegans p53 homolog. These results have been additionally validated in vitro in breast cancer cells, wherein exogenous addition of miR-34 alters cell survival post-radiation. These observations confirm that mir-34 is required for a normal cellular response to DNA damage in vivo resulting in altered cellular survival post-irradiation, and point to a potential therapeutic use for anti-miR-34 as a radiosensitizing agent in p53-mutant breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA let-7f inhibits tumor invasion and metastasis by targeting MYH9 in human gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are important regulators that play key roles in tumorigenesis and tumor progression. A previous report has shown that let-7 family members can act as tumor suppressors in many cancers. Through miRNA array, we found that let-7f was downregulated in the highly metastatic potential gastric cancer cell lines GC9811-P and SGC7901-M, when compared with their parental cell lines, GC9811 and SGC7901-NM; however, the mechanism was not clear. In this study, we investigate whether let-7f acts as a tumor suppressor to inhibit invasion and metastasis in gastric cancers. Methodology/principal: Real-time PCR showed decreased levels of let-7f expression in metastatic gastric cancer tissues and cell lines that are potentially highly metastatic. Cell invasion and migration were significantly impaired in GC9811-P and SGC7901-M cell lines after transfection with let-7f-mimics. Nude mice with xenograft models of gastric cancer confirmed that let-7f could inhibit gastric cancer metastasis in vivo after transfection by the lentivirus pGCsil-GFP- let-7f. Luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that let-7f directly binds to the 3'UTR of MYH9, which codes for myosin IIA, and real-time PCR and Western blotting further indicated that let-7f downregulated the expression of myosin IIA at the mRNA and protein levels. Conclusions/significance: Our study demonstrated that overexpression of let-7f in gastric cancer could inhibit invasion and migration of gastric cancer cells through directly targeting the tumor metastasis-associated gene MYH9. These data suggest that let-7f may be a novel therapeutic candidate for gastric cancer, given its ability to reduce cell invasion and metastasis."	0
"Title: MiR-145 functions as a tumor-suppressive RNA by targeting Sox9 and adducin 3 in human glioma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are increasingly being recognized as being involved in cancer development and progression in gliomas. Methods: Using a model cell system developed in our lab to study glioma progression comprising human neuroglial culture (HNGC)-1 and HNGC-2 cells, we report here that miR-145 is one of the miRNAs significantly downregulated during malignant transformation in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM). In a study using tumor samples derived from various glioma grades, we show that expression of miR-145 is decreased in a graded manner, with GBM patients showing lowest expression relative to lower-grade gliomas (P < .05) and normal brain tissues (P < .0001). Functional studies involving ectopic expression of miR-145 in glioma cells had a negative impact on cell proliferation and tumor development, as well as invasion and induced apoptosis, providing further support to the concept that inactivation of miR-145 is important for glioma disease pathogenesis. More notably, these growth-suppressive effects of miR-145 are mediated through its target proteins Sox9 and the cell adhesion-associated molecule adducin 3 (ADD3). Results: Inhibiting Sox9 and ADD3 rescued effects of miR-145 loss. Interestingly, miR-145 loss in glioma cells led to overexpression of molecules involved in cell proliferation, like cyclin D1, c-myc, and N-myc, as well as enhanced expression of cell adhesion- and invasion-related molecules N-cadherin and E-cadherin, an effect which was again restored upon miR-145 overexpression in glioma cells. The miR-145 promoter was methylated at its cytosine-phosphate-guanine (CpG) islands in the glioma cell lines studied. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates that miR-145 has a tumor-suppressive function in glioblastoma in that it reduces proliferation, adhesion, and invasion of glioblastoma cells, apparently by suppressing the activity of oncogenic proteins Sox9 and ADD3. Reduced levels of miR-145 may lead to neoplastic transformation and malignant progression in glioma due to unregulated activity of these proteins."	0
"Title: miR-9, a MYC/MYCN-activated microRNA, regulates E-cadherin and cancer metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are increasingly implicated in regulating the malignant progression of cancer. Here we show that miR-9, which is upregulated in breast cancer cells, directly targets CDH1, the E-cadherin-encoding messenger RNA, leading to increased cell motility and invasiveness. miR-9-mediated E-cadherin downregulation results in the activation of beta-catenin signalling, which contributes to upregulated expression of the gene encoding vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF); this leads, in turn, to increased tumour angiogenesis. Overexpression of miR-9 in otherwise non-metastatic breast tumour cells enables these cells to form pulmonary micrometastases in mice. Conversely, inhibiting miR-9 by using a 'miRNA sponge' in highly malignant cells inhibits metastasis formation. Expression of miR-9 is activated by MYC and MYCN, both of which directly bind to the mir-9-3 locus. Significantly, in human cancers, miR-9 levels correlate with MYCN amplification, tumour grade and metastatic status. These findings uncover a regulatory and signalling pathway involving a metastasis-promoting miRNA that is predicted to directly target expression of the key metastasis-suppressing protein E-cadherin."	0
"Title: Therapeutic silencing of miR-10b inhibits metastasis in a mouse mammary tumor model. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are increasingly implicated in the regulation of metastasis. Despite their potential as targets for anti-metastatic therapy, miRNAs have only been silenced in normal tissues of rodents and nonhuman primates. Therefore, the development of effective approaches for sequence-specific inhibition of miRNAs in tumors remains a scientific and clinical challenge. Here we show that systemic treatment of tumor-bearing mice with miR-10b antagomirs-a class of chemically modified anti-miRNA oligonucleotide-suppresses breast cancer metastasis. Both in vitro and in vivo, silencing of miR-10b with antagomirs significantly decreases miR-10b levels and increases the levels of a functionally important miR-10b target, Hoxd10. Administration of miR-10b antagomirs to mice bearing highly metastatic cells does not reduce primary mammary tumor growth but markedly suppresses formation of lung metastases in a sequence-specific manner. The miR-10b antagomir, which is well tolerated by normal animals, appears to be a promising candidate for the development of new anti-metastasis agents."	0
"Title: miR-92a is upregulated in cervical cancer and promotes cell proliferation and invasion by targeting FBXW7. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in the cervical carcinogenesis and progression. In this study, we investigated the role of miR-92a in progression and invasion of cervical cancer. MiR-92a was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-92a led to remarkably enhanced proliferation by promoting cell cycle transition from G1 to S phase and significantly enhanced invasion of cervical cancer cells, while its knockdown significantly reversed these cellular events. Bioinformatics analysis suggested F-box and WD repeat domain-containing 7 (FBXW7) as a novel target of miR-92a, and miR-92a suppressed the expression level of FBXW7 mRNA by direct binding to its 3'-untranslated region (3'UTR). Expression of miR-92a was negatively correlated with FBXW7 in cervical cancer tissues. Furthermore, Silencing of FBXW7 counteracted the effects of miR-92a suppression, while its overexpression reversed oncogenic effects of miR-92a. Together, these findings indicate that miR-92a acts as an onco-miRNA and may contribute to the progression and invasion of cervical cancer, suggesting miR-92a as a potential novel diagnostic and therapeutic target of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Association of serum microRNAs with islet autoimmunity, disease progression and metabolic impairment in relatives at risk of type 1 diabetes. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are key regulators of gene expression and novel biomarkers for many diseases. We investigated the hypothesis that serum levels of some miRNAs would be associated with islet autoimmunity and/or progression to type 1 diabetes. Methods: We measured levels of 93 miRNAs most commonly detected in serum. This retrospective cohort study included 150 autoantibody-positive and 150 autoantibody-negative family-matched siblings enrolled in the TrialNet Pathway to Prevention Study. This was a young cohort (mean age = 11 years), and most autoantibody-positive relatives were at high risk because they had multiple autoantibodies, with 39/150 (26%, progressors) developing type 1 diabetes within an average 8.7 months of follow-up. We analysed miRNA levels in relation to autoantibody status, future development of diabetes and OGTT C-peptide and glucose indices of disease progression. Results: Fifteen miRNAs were differentially expressed when comparing autoantibody-positive/negative siblings (range -2.5 to 1.3-fold). But receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis indicated low specificity and sensitivity. Seven additional miRNAs were differentially expressed among autoantibody-positive relatives according to disease progression; ROC returned significant AUC values and identified miRNA cut-off levels associated with an increased risk of disease in both cross-sectional and survival analyses. Levels of several miRNAs showed significant correlations (r values range 0.22-0.55) with OGTT outcomes. miR-21-3p, miR-29a-3p and miR-424-5p had the most robust associations. Conclusions/interpretation: Serum levels of selected miRNAs are associated with disease progression and confer additional risk of the development of type 1 diabetes in young autoantibody-positive relatives. Further studies, including longitudinal assessments, are warranted to further define miRNA biomarkers for prediction of disease risk and progression."	0
"Title: Integrated miRNA and mRNA expression profiling of the inflammatory breast cancer subtype. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are key regulators of gene expression. In this study, we explored whether altered miRNA expression has a prominent role in defining the inflammatory breast cancer (IBC) phenotype. Methods: We used quantitative PCR technology to evaluate the expression of 384 miRNAs in 20 IBC and 50 non-IBC samples. To gain understanding on the biological functions deregulated by aberrant miRNA expression, we looked for direct miRNA targets by performing pair-wise correlation coefficient analysis on expression levels of 10 962 messenger RNAs (mRNAs) and by comparing these results with predicted miRNA targets from TargetScan5.1. Results: We identified 13 miRNAs for which expression levels were able to correctly predict the nature of the sample analysed (IBC vs non-IBC). For these miRNAs, we detected a total of 17,295 correlated miRNA-mRNA pairs, of which 7012 and 10 283 pairs showed negative and positive correlations, respectively. For four miRNAs (miR-29a, miR-30b, miR-342-3p and miR-520a-5p), correlated genes were concordant with predicted targets. A gene set enrichment analysis on these genes demonstrated significant enrichment in biological processes related to cell proliferation and signal transduction. Conclusions: This study represents, to the best of our knowledge, the first integrated analysis of miRNA and mRNA expression in IBC. We identified a set of 13 miRNAs of which expression differed between IBC and non-IBC, making these miRNAs candidate markers for the IBC subtype."	0
"Title: New class of microRNA targets containing simultaneous 5'-UTR and 3'-UTR interaction sites. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are known to post-transcriptionally regulate target mRNAs through the 3'-UTR, which interacts mainly with the 5'-end of miRNA in animals. Here we identify many endogenous motifs within human 5'-UTRs specific to the 3'-ends of miRNAs. The 3'-end of conserved miRNAs in particular has significant interaction sites in the human-enriched, less conserved 5'-UTR miRNA motifs, while human-specific miRNAs have significant interaction sites only in the conserved 5'-UTR motifs, implying both miRNA and 5'-UTR are actively evolving in response to each other. Additionally, many miRNAs with their 3'-end interaction sites in the 5'-UTRs turn out to simultaneously contain 5'-end interaction sites in the 3'-UTRs. Based on these findings we demonstrate combinatory interactions between a single miRNA and both end regions of an mRNA using model systems. We further show that genes exhibiting large-scale protein changes due to miRNA overexpression or deletion contain both UTR interaction sites predicted. We provide the predicted targets of this new miRNA target class, miBridge, as an efficient way to screen potential targets, especially for nonconserved miRNAs, since the target search space is reduced by an order of magnitude compared with the 3'-UTR alone. Efficacy is confirmed by showing SEC24D regulation with hsa-miR-605, a miRNA identified only in primate, opening the door to the study of nonconserved miRNAs. Finally, miRNAs (and associated proteins) involved in this new targeting class may prevent 40S ribosome scanning through the 5'-UTR and keep it from reaching the start-codon, preventing 60S association."	0
"Title: MicroRNA, a new paradigm for understanding immunoregulation, inflammation, and autoimmune diseases. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are newly discovered, small, noncoding ribonucleic acids (RNAs) that play critical roles in the regulation of host genome expression at the posttranscriptional level. During last 20 years, miRNAs have emerged as key regulators of various biological processes including immune cell lineage commitment, differentiation, maturation, and maintenance of immune homeostasis and normal function. Thus, it is not surprising that dysregulated miRNA expression patterns now have been documented in a broad range of diseases including cancer as well as inflammatory and autoimmune diseases. This rapidly emerging field has revolutionized our understanding of normal immunoregulation and breakdown of self-tolerance. This review focuses on the current understanding of miRNA biogenesis, the role of miRNAs in the regulation of innate and adaptive immunity, and the association of miRNAs with autoimmune diseases. We have discussed miRNA dysregulation and the potential role of miRNAs in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis, and multiple sclerosis. Given that most autoimmune diseases are female-predominant, we also have discussed sex hormone regulation of miRNAs in inflammatory responses, with an emphasis on estrogen, which now has been shown to regulate miRNAs in the immune system. The field of miRNA regulation of mammalian genes has tremendous potential. The identification of specific miRNA expression patterns in autoimmune diseases as well as a comprehensive understanding of the role of miRNA in disease pathogenesis offers promise of not only novel molecular diagnostic markers but also new gene therapy strategies for treating SLE and other inflammatory autoimmune diseases."	0
"Title: Progress in microRNA delivery. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are non-coding endogenous RNAs that direct post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression by several mechanisms. Activity is primarily through binding to the 3' untranslated regions (UTRs) of messenger RNAs (mRNA) resulting in degradation and translation repression. Unlike other small-RNAs, miRNAs do not require perfect base pairing, and thus, can regulate a network of broad, yet specific, genes. Although we have only just begun to gain insights into the full range of biologic functions of miRNA, their involvement in the onset and progression of disease has generated significant interest for therapeutic development. Mounting evidence suggests that miRNA-based therapies, either restoring or repressing miRNAs expression and activity, hold great promise. However, despite the early promise and exciting potential, critical hurdles often involving delivery of miRNA-targeting agents remain to be overcome before transition to clinical applications. Limitations that may be overcome by delivery include, but are not limited to, poor in vivo stability, inappropriate biodistribution, disruption and saturation of endogenous RNA machinery, and untoward side effects. Both viral vectors and nonviral delivery systems can be developed to circumvent these challenges. Viral vectors are efficient delivery agents but toxicity and immunogenicity limit their clinical usage. Herein, we review the recent advances in the mechanisms and strategies of nonviral miRNA delivery systems and provide a perspective on the future of miRNA-based therapeutics."	0
"Title: Microarray analysis of microRNA expression in peripheral blood cells of systemic lupus erythematosus patients. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are noncoding RNA molecules of 21-24 nt that regulate the expression of target genes in a post-transcriptional manner. Evidence indicates that miRNAs play essential roles in embryogenesis, cell differentiation and pathogenesis of human diseases. This study describes a comparison between the miRNA profile of the systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) patients and the controls to develop further understanding of the pathogenesis of SLE. Peripheral blood mononuclear cells were isolated from blood samples of 23 SLE patients, 10 idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura patients and 10 healthy controls. The miRNA microarray chip analysis identified 16 miRNAs differentially expressed in SLE. The chip results were confirmed by northern blot analysis. This work indicates that miRNAs are potential diagnosis biomarkers and probable factors involved in the pathogenesis of SLE."	0
"Title: High-throughput screens identify microRNAs essential for HER2 positive breast cancer cell growth. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are non-coding RNAs regulating gene expression post-transcriptionally. We have characterized the role of miRNAs in regulating the human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-pathway in breast cancer. We performed miRNA gain-of-function assays by screening two HER2 amplified cell lines (KPL-4 and JIMT-1) with a miRNA mimic library consisting of 810 human miRNAs. The levels of HER2, phospho-AKT, phospho-ERK1/2, cell proliferation (Ki67) and apoptosis (cPARP) were analyzed with reverse-phase protein arrays. Rank product analyses identified 38 miRNAs (q < 0.05) as inhibitors of HER2 signaling and cell growth, the most effective being miR-491-5p, miR-634, miR-637 and miR-342-5p. We also characterized miRNAs directly targeting HER2 and identified seven novel miRNAs (miR-552, miR-541, miR-193a-5p, miR-453, miR-134, miR-498, and miR-331-3p) as direct regulators of the HER2 3'UTR. We demonstrated the clinical relevance of the miRNAs and identified miR-342-5p and miR-744* as significantly down-regulated in HER2-positive breast tumors as compared to HER2-negative tumors from two cohorts of breast cancer patients (101 and 1302 cases). miR-342-5p specifically inhibited HER2-positive cell growth, as it had no effect on the growth of HER2-negative control cells in vitro. Furthermore, higher expression of miR-342-5p was associated with better survival in both breast cancer patient cohorts. In conclusion, we have identified miRNAs which are efficient negative regulators of the HER2 pathway that may play a role in vivo during breast cancer progression. These results give mechanistic insights in HER2 regulation which may open potential new strategies towards prevention and therapeutic inhibition of HER2-positive breast cancer."	0
"Title: BRCA1 regulates microRNA biogenesis via the DROSHA microprocessor complex. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are noncoding RNAs that function as key posttranscriptional regulators of gene expression. miRNA maturation is controlled by the DROSHA microprocessor complex. However, the detailed mechanism of miRNA biogenesis remains unclear. We show that the tumor suppressor breast cancer 1 (BRCA1) accelerates the processing of miRNA primary transcripts. BRCA1 increased the expressions of both precursor and mature forms of let-7a-1, miR-16-1, miR-145, and miR-34a. In addition, this tumor suppressor was shown to be directly associated with DROSHA and DDX5 of the DROSHA microprocessor complex, and it interacted with Smad3, p53, and DHX9 RNA helicase. We also found that BRCA1 recognizes the RNA secondary structure and directly binds with primary transcripts of miRNAs via a DNA-binding domain. Together, these results suggest that BRCA1 regulates miRNA biogenesis via the DROSHA microprocessor complex and Smad3/p53/DHX9. Our findings also indicate novel functions of BRCA1 in miRNA biogenesis, which may be linked to its tumor suppressor mechanism and maintenance of genomic stability."	0
"Title: Metastamirs: a stepping stone towards improved cancer management. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are non-coding RNAs that regulate protein expression. Aberrant miRNA expression in cancer has been well documented; miRNAs can act as oncogenes or tumor-suppressor genes, depending on the cellular context and target genes that they regulate, and are involved in tumor progression and metastasis. The potential mechanisms by which miRNAs are involved in tumor aggressiveness include migration, invasion, cell proliferation, epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, angiogenesis and apoptosis. MiRNAs are involved in various cellular pathways and an miRNA can elicit more than one biological effect in a given cell. Existing data show the potential clinical utility of miRNAs as prognostic and predictive markers for aggressive and metastatic cancers. The stability of miRNAs in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissues and body fluids is advantageous for biomarker discovery and validation. In addition, miRNAs can be extracted from small biopsy specimens, which is a further advantage. Finally, miRNAs are potential therapeutic agents for personalized cancer management."	0
"Title: Diverse roles of miR-29 in cancer (review). Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are non-coding RNAs which have the capacity to regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional level, and have emerging as key factors involved in cancer at all stages ranging from initiation to metastasis. In the present review, we summmarize the diverse roles of the microRNA-29 (miR-29) family in cancer. First, we present a concise introduction to the miR-29 family and the expression profile of miR-29 in various cancer types. We next highlight the upstream regulatory pathway of miR-29 and describe the relationship between miR-29 and cancer in detail. As a tumor suppressor, miR-29 restrains cancer progression by promoting tumor cell apoptosis, by suppressing DNA methylation of tumor-suppressor genes, by reducing proliferation of tumors and by increasing chemosensitivity. However, as a tumor promoter, miR-29 mediates epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and promotes metastasis in breast cancer and colon cancer. Finally, we suggest that miR-29 represents a novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarker or a therapeutic target for cancer. Our review highlights the diverse relationship between miR-29 and cancer (particularly digestive system neoplasms). Further research of miR-29 in cancer is warranted."	0
"Title: The miR-15a-miR-16-1 cluster controls prostate cancer by targeting multiple oncogenic activities. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are noncoding small RNAs that repress protein translation by targeting specific messenger RNAs. miR-15a and miR-16-1 act as putative tumor suppressors by targeting the oncogene BCL2. These miRNAs form a cluster at the chromosomal region 13q14, which is frequently deleted in cancer. Here, we report that the miR-15a and miR-16-1 cluster targets CCND1 (encoding cyclin D1) and WNT3A, which promotes several tumorigenic features such as survival, proliferation and invasion. In cancer cells of advanced prostate tumors, the miR-15a and miR-16 level is significantly decreased, whereas the expression of BCL2, CCND1 and WNT3A is inversely upregulated. Delivery of antagomirs specific for miR-15a and miR-16 to normal mouse prostate results in marked hyperplasia, and knockdown of miR-15a and miR-16 promotes survival, proliferation and invasiveness of untransformed prostate cells, which become tumorigenic in immunodeficient NOD-SCID mice. Conversely, reconstitution of miR-15a and miR-16-1 expression results in growth arrest, apoptosis and marked regression of prostate tumor xenografts. Altogether, we propose that miR-15a and miR-16 act as tumor suppressor genes in prostate cancer through the control of cell survival, proliferation and invasion. These findings have therapeutic implications and may be exploited for future treatment of prostate cancer."	0
"Title: Role of microRNAs in translation regulation and cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are pervasively expressed and regulate most biological functions. They function by modulating transcriptional and translational programs and therefore they orchestrate both physiological and pathological processes, such as development, cell differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis and tumor growth. miRNAs work as small guide molecules in RNA silencing, by negatively regulating the expression of several genes both at mRNA and protein level, by degrading their mRNA target and/or by silencing translation. One of the most recent advances in the field is the comprehension of their role in oncogenesis. The number of miRNA genes is increasing and an alteration in the level of miRNAs is involved in the initiation, progression and metastases formation of several tumors. Some tumor types show a distinct miRNA signature that distinguishes them from normal tissues and from other cancer types. Genetic and biochemical evidence supports the essential role of miRNAs in tumor development. Although the abnormal expression of miRNAs in cancer cells is a widely accepted phenomenon, the cause of this dysregulation is still unknown. Here, we discuss the biogenesis of miRNAs, focusing on the mechanisms by which they regulate protein synthesis. In addition we debate on their role in cancer, highlighting their potential to become therapeutic targets."	0
"Title: Delivering the promise of miRNA cancer therapeutics. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are pivotal post-transcriptional gene expression regulators. These endogenous small non-coding RNAs aberrantly expressed in cancer have significant roles in tumorigenesis and progression. Currently, miRNAs are being pursued as diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers, and as therapeutic tools in cancer. miRNA modulation provides the unique ability to fine-tune multiple genes simultaneously, thereby regulating relevant signaling pathways involved in cell differentiation, proliferation and survival. This unique miRNA feature shifts the traditional one drug one target paradigm to a novel one drug multiple targets paradigm. We herein review in vivo strategies of miRNA modulator (mimic and/or inhibitor) delivery in cancer models, a subject that remains the key challenge to the establishment of this novel class of RNA therapeutics."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 regulates OCT4, SOX2, and KLF4 and represses pluripotency in human embryonic stem cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are posttranscriptional modulators of gene expression and play an important role in many developmental processes. We report here that expression of microRNA-145 (miR-145) is low in self-renewing human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) but highly upregulated during differentiation. We identify the pluripotency factors OCT4, SOX2, and KLF4 as direct targets of miR-145 and show that endogenous miR-145 represses the 3' untranslated regions of OCT4, SOX2, and KLF4. Increased miR-145 expression inhibits hESC self-renewal, represses expression of pluripotency genes, and induces lineage-restricted differentiation. Loss of miR-145 impairs differentiation and elevates OCT4, SOX2, and KLF4. Furthermore, we find that the miR-145 promoter is bound and repressed by OCT4 in hESCs. This work reveals a direct link between the core reprogramming factors and miR-145 and uncovers a double-negative feedback loop involving OCT4, SOX2, KLF4, and miR-145."	0
"Title: Short RNAs repress translation after initiation in mammalian cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are predicted to regulate 30% of mammalian protein-encoding genes by interactions with their 3' untranslated regions (UTRs). We use partially complementary siRNAs to investigate the mechanism by which miRNAs mediate translational repression in human cells. Repressed mRNAs are associated with polyribosomes that are engaged in translation elongation, as shown by puromycin sensitivity. The inhibition appears to be postinitiation because translation driven by the cap-independent processes of HCV IRES and CrPV IRES is repressed by short RNAs. Further, metabolic labeling suggests that silencing occurs before completion of the nascent polypeptide chain. In addition, silencing by short RNAs causes a decrease in translational readthrough at a stop codon, and ribosomes on repressed mRNAs dissociate more rapidly after a block of initiation of translation than those on control mRNAs. These results suggest that repression by short RNAs, and thus probably miRNAs, is primarily due to ribosome drop off during elongation of translation."	0
"Title: miR-145 and miR-143 regulate smooth muscle cell fate and plasticity. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are regulators of myriad cellular events, but evidence for a single miRNA that can efficiently differentiate multipotent stem cells into a specific lineage or regulate direct reprogramming of cells into an alternative cell fate has been elusive. Here we show that miR-145 and miR-143 are co-transcribed in multipotent murine cardiac progenitors before becoming localized to smooth muscle cells, including neural crest stem-cell-derived vascular smooth muscle cells. miR-145 and miR-143 were direct transcriptional targets of serum response factor, myocardin and Nkx2-5 (NK2 transcription factor related, locus 5) and were downregulated in injured or atherosclerotic vessels containing proliferating, less differentiated smooth muscle cells. miR-145 was necessary for myocardin-induced reprogramming of adult fibroblasts into smooth muscle cells and sufficient to induce differentiation of multipotent neural crest stem cells into vascular smooth muscle. Furthermore, miR-145 and miR-143 cooperatively targeted a network of transcription factors, including Klf4 (Kruppel-like factor 4), myocardin and Elk-1 (ELK1, member of ETS oncogene family), to promote differentiation and repress proliferation of smooth muscle cells. These findings demonstrate that miR-145 can direct the smooth muscle fate and that miR-145 and miR-143 function to regulate the quiescent versus proliferative phenotype of smooth muscle cells."	0
"Title: RAS is regulated by the let-7 microRNA family. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are regulatory RNAs found in multicellular eukaryotes, including humans, where they are implicated in cancer. The let-7 miRNA times seam cell terminal differentiation in C. elegans. Here we show that the let-7 family negatively regulates let-60/RAS. Loss of let-60/RAS suppresses let-7, and the let-60/RAS 3'UTR contains multiple let-7 complementary sites (LCSs), restricting reporter gene expression in a let-7-dependent manner. mir-84, a let-7 family member, is largely absent in vulval precursor cell P6.p at the time that let-60/RAS specifies the 1 degrees vulval fate in that cell, and mir-84 overexpression suppresses the multivulva phenotype of activating let-60/RAS mutations. The 3'UTRs of the human RAS genes contain multiple LCSs, allowing let-7 to regulate RAS expression. let-7 expression is lower in lung tumors than in normal lung tissue, while RAS protein is significantly higher in lung tumors, providing a possible mechanism for let-7 in cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression variability in human cervical tissues. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short (approximately 22 nt) non-coding regulatory RNAs that control gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. Deregulation of miRNA expression has been discovered in a wide variety of tumours and it is now clear that they contribute to cancer development and progression. Cervical cancer is one of the most common cancers in women worldwide and there is a strong need for a non-invasive, fast and efficient method to diagnose the disease. We investigated miRNA expression profiles in cervical cancer using a microarray platform containing probes for mature miRNAs. We have evaluated miRNA expression profiles of a heterogeneous set of cervical tissues from 25 different patients. This set included 19 normal cervical tissues, 4 squamous cell carcinoma, 5 high-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (HSIL) and 9 low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL) samples. We observed high variability in miRNA expression especially among normal cervical samples, which prevented us from obtaining a unique miRNA expression signature for this tumour type. However, deregulated miRNAs were identified in malignant and pre-malignant cervical tissues after tackling the high expression variability observed. We were also able to identify putative target genes of relevant candidate miRNAs. Our results show that miRNA expression shows natural variability among human samples, which complicates miRNA data profiling analysis. However, such expression noise can be filtered and does not prevent the identification of deregulated miRNAs that play a role in the malignant transformation of cervical squamous cells. Deregulated miRNAs highlight new candidate gene targets allowing for a better understanding of the molecular mechanism underlying the development of this tumour type."	0
"Title: Extensive modulation of a set of microRNAs in primary glioblastoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short non-coding RNA molecules playing regulatory roles in animals and plants by repressing translation or cleaving RNA transcripts. The specific modulation of several microRNAs has been recently associated to some forms of human cancer, suggesting that these short molecules may represent a new class of genes involved in oncogenesis. In our study, we examined by microarray the global expression levels of 245 microRNAs in glioblastoma multiforme, the most frequent and malignant of primary brain tumors. The analysis of both glioblastoma tissues and glioblastoma cell lines allowed us to identify a group of microRNAs whose expression is significantly altered in this tumor. The most interesting results came from miR-221, strongly up-regulated in glioblastoma and from a set of brain-enriched miRNAs, miR-128, miR-181a, miR-181b, and miR-181c, which are down-regulated in glioblastoma."	0
"Title: miR-205 expression promotes cell proliferation and migration of human cervical cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short non-coding RNA regulators that control gene expression mainly through post-transcriptional silencing. We previously identified miR-205 in a signature for human cervical cancer using a deep sequencing approach. In this study, we confirmed that miR-205 expression was frequently higher in human cervical cancer than their matched normal tissue samples. Functionally, we demonstrate that miR-205 promotes cell proliferation and migration in human cervical cancer cells. To further understand the biological roles of miR-205, we performed in vivo crosslinking and Argonaute 2 immunoprecipitation of miRNA ribonucleoprotein complexes followed by microarray analysis (CLIP-Chip) to identify its potential mRNA targets. Applying CLIP-Chip on gain- and loss-of-function experiments, we identified a set of transcripts as potential targets of miR-205. Several targets are functionally involved in cellular proliferation and migration. Two of them, CYR61 and CTGF, were further validated by Western blot analysis and quantification of mRNA enrichment in the Ago2 immunoprecipitates using qRT-PCR. Furthermore, both CYR61 and CTGF were downregulated in cervical cancer tissues. In summary, our findings reveal novel functional roles and targets of miR-205 in human cervical cancer, which may provide new insights about its role in cervical carcinogenesis and its potential value for clinical diagnosis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 regulates expression of the PTEN tumor suppressor gene in human hepatocellular cancer. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are short noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression negatively. Although a role for aberrant miRNA expression in cancer has been postulated, the pathophysiologic role and relevance of aberrantly expressed miRNA to tumor biology has not been established. Methods: We evaluated the expression of miRNA in human hepatocellular cancer (HCC) by expression profiling, and defined a target gene and biologically functional effect of an up-regulated miRNA. Results: miR-21 was noted to be highly overexpressed in HCC tumors and cell lines in expression profiling studies using a miRNA microarray. Inhibition of miR-21 in cultured HCC cells increased expression of the phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) tumor suppressor, and decreased tumor cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. In contrast-enhanced miR-21 expression by transfection with precursor miR-21 increased tumor cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Moreover, an increase in cell migration was observed in normal human hepatocytes transfected with precursor miR-21. PTEN was shown to be a direct target of miR-21, and to contribute to miR-21 effects on cell invasion. Modulation of miR-21 altered focal adhesion kinase phosphorylation and expression of matrix metalloproteases 2 and 9, both downstream mediators of PTEN involved in cell migration and invasion. Conclusions: Aberrant expression of miR-21 can contribute to HCC growth and spread by modulating PTEN expression and PTEN-dependent pathways involved in mediating phenotypic characteristics of cancer cells such as cell growth, migration, and invasion."	0
"Title: MiR-103a-3p targets the 5' UTR of GPRC5A in pancreatic cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short noncoding RNAs that regulate the expression of their targets in a sequence-dependent manner. For protein-coding transcripts, miRNAs regulate expression levels through binding sites in either the 3' untranslated region (3' UTR) or the amino acid coding sequence (CDS) of the targeted messenger RNA (mRNA). Currently, for the 5' untranslated region (5' UTR) of mRNAs, very few naturally occurring examples exist whereby the targeting miRNA down-regulates the expression of the corresponding mRNA in a seed-dependent manner. Here we describe and characterize two miR-103a-3p target sites in the 5' UTR of GPRC5A, a gene that acts as a tumor suppressor in some cancer contexts and as an ongocene in other cancer contexts. In particular, we show that the interaction of miR-103a-3p with each of these two 5' UTR targets reduces the expression levels of both GPRC5A mRNA and GPRC5A protein in one normal epithelial and two pancreatic cancer cell lines. By ectopically expressing ""sponges"" that contain instances of the wild-type 5' UTR targets we also show that we can reduce miR-103a-3p levels and increase GPRC5A mRNA and protein levels. These findings provide some first knowledge on the post-transcriptional regulation of this tumor suppressor/oncogene and present additional evidence for the participation of 5' UTRs in miRNA driven post-transcriptional regulatory control."	0
"Title: MicroRNA detection by northern blotting using locked nucleic acid probes. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, about 21 nucleotides in length, noncoding, regulatory RNA molecules representing a new layer in post-transcriptional regulation of gene expression. Intensive miRNA research has necessitated the development of effective miRNA detection methods such as northern analyses, quantitative real-time PCR and microarrays. Northern analysis is a widely used method for miRNA analyses because it is generally a readily available technology for laboratories and does not require special equipment and technical knowledge. The major disadvantages of the northern blot technology using the traditional DNA oligonucleotide probes are its poor sensitivity and the high time consumption. Here, we describe an improved protocol for miRNA northern blot analysis, which includes RNA extraction, polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and northern blotting, and the hybridization and detection of locked nucleic acid (LNA)-modified oligonucleotide probes. The use of LNA-modified oligonucleotide probes allows highly sensitive and specific detection of mature miRNAs and also dramatically reduces the period of time necessary for carrying out the protocol. Using this approach, the hybridization, washing and signal-detection steps can be performed ideally in 4 h."	0
"Title: Probing microRNAs with microarrays: tissue specificity and functional inference. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are short, stable, noncoding RNAs involved in post-transcriptional gene silencing via hybridization to mRNA. Few have been thoroughly characterized in any species. Here, we describe a method to detect miRNAs using micro-arrays, in which the miRNAs are directly hybridized to the array. We used this method to analyze miRNA expression across 17 mouse organs and tissues. More than half of the 78 miRNAs detected were expressed in specific adult tissues, suggesting that miRNAs have widespread regulatory roles in adults. By comparing miRNA levels to mRNA levels determined in a parallel microarray analysis of the same tissues, we found that the expression of target mRNAs predicted on the basis of sequence complementarity is unrelated to the tissues in which the corresponding miRNA is expressed."	0
"Title: The microRNAs miR-373 and miR-520c promote tumour invasion and metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are single-stranded, noncoding RNAs that are important in many biological processes. Although the oncogenic and tumour-suppressive functions of several miRNAs have been characterized, the role of miRNAs in mediating tumour metastasis was addressed only recently and still remains largely unexplored. To identify potential metastasis-promoting miRNAs, we set up a genetic screen using a non-metastatic, human breast tumour cell line that was transduced with a miRNA-expression library and subjected to a trans-well migration assay. We found that human miR-373 and miR-520c stimulated cancer cell migration and invasion in vitro and in vivo, and that certain cancer cell lines depend on endogenous miR-373 activity to migrate efficiently. Mechanistically, the migration phenotype of miR-373 and miR-520c can be explained by suppression of CD44. We found significant upregulation of miR-373 in clinical breast cancer metastasis samples that correlated inversely with CD44 expression. Taken together, our findings indicate that miRNAs are involved in tumour migration and invasion, and implicate miR-373 and miR-520c as metastasis-promoting miRNAs."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs as biomarkers for disease staging in multiple sclerosis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are single-stranded, small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression. Because they are stable in serum, they are being developed as biomarkers for cancer and other diseases. In multiple sclerosis (MS), miRNAs have been studied in cell populations but not in the circulation. In MS, a major challenge is to develop immune biomarkers to monitor disease. We asked whether circulating miRNAs could be identified in MS and whether they are linked to disease stage and/or disability. Methods: A total of 368 miRNAs were measured in ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid plasma in 10 relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS) patients, 9 secondary progressive MS (SPMS) patients, and 9 healthy controls (HCs) using miRCURY LNA Universal RT microRNA polymerase chain reaction panels. Nineteen miRNAs from this discovery set were validated using qPCR on an independent set of 50 RRMS patients, 51 SPMS patients, and 32 HCs. Results: We found that circulating miRNAs are differentially expressed in RRMS and SPMS versus HCs and in RRMS versus SPMS. We also found miRNAs to be linked to Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS). hsa-miR-92a-1* was identified in the largest number of comparisons. It was different in RRMS versus SPMS, and RRMS versus HCs, and showed an association with EDSS and disease duration. miR-92 has target genes involved in cell cycle regulation and cell signaling. The let-7 family of miRNAs differentiated SPMS from HCs and RRMS from SPMS. let-7 miRNAs regulate stem cell differentiation and T cell activation, activate Toll-like receptor 7, and are linked to neurodegeneration. hsa-miR-454 differentiated RRMS from SPMS, and hsa-miR-145 differentiated RRMS from HCs and RRMS from SPMS. Interestingly, the same circulating miRNAs (let-7 and miR-92) that were differentially expressed in RRMS versus SPMS also differentiated amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) from RRMS subjects, but were not different between SPMS and ALS, suggesting that similar processes may occur in SPMS and ALS. Interpretation: Our results establish circulating miRNAs as a readily accessible blood biomarker to monitor disease in MS."	0
"Title: MicroRNA in autoimmunity and autoimmune diseases. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small conserved non-coding RNA molecules that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression by targeting the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of specific messenger RNAs (mRNAs) for degradation or translational repression. miRNA-mediated gene regulation is critical for normal cellular functions such as the cell cycle, differentiation, and apoptosis, and as much as one-third of human mRNAs may be miRNA targets. Emerging evidence has demonstrated that miRNAs play a vital role in the regulation of immunological functions and the prevention of autoimmunity. Here we review the many newly discovered roles of miRNA regulation in immune functions and in the development of autoimmunity and autoimmune disease. Specifically, we discuss the involvement of miRNA regulation in innate and adaptive immune responses, immune cell development, T regulatory cell stability and function, and differential miRNA expression in rheumatoid arthritis and systemic lupus erythematosus."	0
"Title: Most mammalian mRNAs are conserved targets of microRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small endogenous RNAs that pair to sites in mRNAs to direct post-transcriptional repression. Many sites that match the miRNA seed (nucleotides 2-7), particularly those in 3' untranslated regions (3'UTRs), are preferentially conserved. Here, we overhauled our tool for finding preferential conservation of sequence motifs and applied it to the analysis of human 3'UTRs, increasing by nearly threefold the detected number of preferentially conserved miRNA target sites. The new tool more efficiently incorporates new genomes and more completely controls for background conservation by accounting for mutational biases, dinucleotide conservation rates, and the conservation rates of individual UTRs. The improved background model enabled preferential conservation of a new site type, the ""offset 6mer,"" to be detected. In total, >45,000 miRNA target sites within human 3'UTRs are conserved above background levels, and >60% of human protein-coding genes have been under selective pressure to maintain pairing to miRNAs. Mammalian-specific miRNAs have far fewer conserved targets than do the more broadly conserved miRNAs, even when considering only more recently emerged targets. Although pairing to the 3' end of miRNAs can compensate for seed mismatches, this class of sites constitutes less than 2% of all preferentially conserved sites detected. The new tool enables statistically powerful analysis of individual miRNA target sites, with the probability of preferentially conserved targeting (P(CT)) correlating with experimental measurements of repression. Our expanded set of target predictions (including conserved 3'-compensatory sites), are available at the TargetScan website, which displays the P(CT) for each site and each predicted target."	0
"Title: A mammalian microRNA expression atlas based on small RNA library sequencing. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding regulatory RNAs that reduce stability and/or translation of fully or partially sequence-complementary target mRNAs. In order to identify miRNAs and to assess their expression patterns, we sequenced over 250 small RNA libraries from 26 different organ systems and cell types of human and rodents that were enriched in neuronal as well as normal and malignant hematopoietic cells and tissues. We present expression profiles derived from clone count data and provide computational tools for their analysis. Unexpectedly, a relatively small set of miRNAs, many of which are ubiquitously expressed, account for most of the differences in miRNA profiles between cell lineages and tissues. This broad survey also provides detailed and accurate information about mature sequences, precursors, genome locations, maturation processes, inferred transcriptional units, and conservation patterns. We also propose a subclassification scheme for miRNAs for assisting future experimental and computational functional analyses."	0
"Title: The roles of microRNAs in the regulation of tumor metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding regulatory RNAs that regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally by either inhibiting protein translation or degrading target mRNAs. The differential expression profiles of miRNAs in different types of cancers and in the multi-step process of tumor progression indicate that miRNAs are involved in tumor onset, growth and progression. Metastasis is the most common cause of cancer-related mortality. Current evidence demonstrates that aberrant miRNA expression promotes or inhibits tumor metastasis by modulating the expression of numerous target genes. Therefore, the identification of metastasis-related miRNAs and a better understanding of the complex functions of miRNAs in tumor metastasis will provide potential diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers, as well as therapeutic targets for clinical application. Here, we review the functions of miRNAs in the control of multiple steps of tumor metastasis."	0
"Title: miR-143 is downregulated in cervical cancer and promotes apoptosis and inhibits tumor formation by targeting Bcl-2. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNA molecules of 21-24 nt that regulate the expression of other genes by transcriptional inhibition or translational repression. Multiple lines of evidence suggest that miRNAs play important roles in tumor development and progression. We identified 24 miRNAs markedly and aberrantly expressed in human cervical cancer. The most significantly deregulated was miR-143 as determined by miRNA microarray analysis. miR-143 was introduced into HeLa cells and it was found that the overexpression of miR-143 significantly inhibited HeLa cell proliferation and promoted apoptosis; anti-miR-143 rescued the effects. HeLa cells transfected with pre-miR-143, pre?anti-miR-143 or control miRNA precursor were injected subcutaneously into the flanks of female athymic nude mice, and the overexpression of miR-143 suppressed the formation of tumors. Compared with normal cervical tissues, the levels of Bcl-2 were increased in miR-143-downregulated tissues. Sustained overexpression of miR-143 in HeLa cells resulted in suppression of Bcl-2 expression, and knockdown of miR-143 by anti-miR-143 increased Bcl-2 expression. In addition, overexpression of Bcl-2 partially reversed the inhibition of proliferation and promotion of apoptosis in the HeLa cells caused by miR-143. Furthermore, miR-143 suppressed the activity of a luciferase reporter carrying the 3'-UTR of Bcl-2, which was abolished by mutation of the predicted miR-143-binding site, indicating that Bcl-2 is a miR-143 target gene. Our study revealed a molecular link between miR-143 and Bcl?2. Direct involvement in the regulation of Bcl-2 may be one of the mechanisms through which miR-143 may play a role in the pathogenesis of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 promotes cell transformation by targeting the programmed cell death 4 gene. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNA molecules that negatively control expression of target genes in animals and plants. The microRNA-21 gene (mir-21) has been identified as the only miRNA commonly overexpressed in solid tumors of the lung, breast, stomach, prostate, colon, brain, head and neck, esophagus and pancreas. We initiated a screen to identify miR-21 target genes using a reporter assay and identified a potential miR-21 target in the 3'-UTR of the programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) gene. We cloned the full-length 3'-UTR of human PDCD4 downstream of a reporter and found that mir-21 downregulated, whereas a modified antisense RNA to miR-21 upregulated reporter activity. Moreover, deletion of the putative miR-21-binding site (miRNA regulatory element, MRE) from the 3'-UTR of PDCD4, or mutations in the MRE abolished the ability of miR-21 to inhibit reporter activity, indicating that this MRE is a critical regulatory region. Western blotting showed that Pdcd4 protein levels were reduced by miR-21 in human and mouse cells, whereas quantitative real-time PCR revealed little difference at the mRNA level, suggesting translational regulation. Finally, overexpression of mir-21 in MCF-7 human breast cancer cells and mouse epidermal JB6 cells promoted soft agar colony formation by downregulating Pdcd4 protein levels. The demonstration that miR-21 promotes cell transformation supports the concept that mir-21 functions as an oncogene by a mechanism that involves translational repression of the tumor suppressor Pdcd4."	0
"Title: The miR-30 miRNA family regulates Xenopus pronephros development and targets the transcription factor Xlim1/Lhx1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNA molecules that regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. They are involved in diverse biological processes, such as development, differentiation, cell proliferation and apoptosis. To study the role of miRNAs during pronephric kidney development of Xenopus, global miRNA biogenesis was eliminated by knockdown of two key components: Dicer and Dgcr8. These embryos developed a range of kidney defects, including edema formation, delayed renal epithelial differentiation and abnormal patterning. To identify a causative miRNA, mouse and frog kidneys were screened for putative candidates. Among these, the miR-30 family showed the most prominent kidney-restricted expression. Moreover, knockdown of miR-30a-5p phenocopied most of the pronephric defects observed upon global inhibition of miRNA biogenesis. Molecular analyses revealed that miR-30 regulates the LIM-class homeobox factor Xlim1/Lhx1, a major transcriptional regulator of kidney development. miR-30 targeted Xlim1/Lhx1 via two previously unrecognized binding sites in its 3'UTR and thereby restricted its activity. During kidney development, Xlim1/Lhx1 is required in the early stages, but is downregulated subsequently. However, in the absence of miR-30 activity, Xlim1/Lhx1 is maintained at high levels and, therefore, may contribute to the delayed terminal differentiation of the amphibian pronephros."	0
"Title: MiR-21 protected human glioblastoma U87MG cells from chemotherapeutic drug temozolomide induced apoptosis by decreasing Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and caspase-3 activity. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNA molecules that regulate protein expression by cleaving or repressing the translation of target mRNAs. In mammal animals, their function mainly represses the target mRNAs transcripts via imperfectly complementary to the 3'UTR of target mRNAs. Several miRNAs have been recently reported to be involved in modulation of glioma development, especially some up-regulated miRNAs, such as microRNA-21 (miR-21), which has been found to function as an oncogene in cultured glioblastoma multiforme cells. Temozolomide (TMZ), an alkylating agent, is a promising chemotherapeutic agent for treating glioblastoma. However, resistance develops quickly and with high frequency. To explore the mechanism of resistance, we found that miR-21 could protect human glioblastoma U87MG cells from TMZ induced apoptosis. Our studies showed that TMZ markedly enhanced apoptosis in U87MG cells compared with untreated cells (P<0.05). However, over-express miR-21 in U87MG cells could significantly reduce TMZ-induced apoptosis (P<0.05). Pro-apoptotic Bax and anti-apoptotic Bcl-2 proteins are known to regulate the apoptosis of glioma cells. Bcl-2, resistance to induction of apoptosis, constitutes one major obstacle to chemotherapy in many cancer cells. Bax is shown to correlate with an increased survival of glioblastoma multiforme patients. Further research demonstrated that the mechanism was associated with a shift in Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and change in caspase-3 activity. Compared to control cells, cells treated with TMZ showed a significant increase in the Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and caspase-3 activity (P<0.01). However, such effect was partly prevented by treatment of cells with miR-21 overexpression before, which appeared to downregulate the Bax expression, upregulate the Bcl-2 expression and decrease caspase-3 activity. Taken together, these results suggested that over-express miR-21 could inhibit TMZ-induced apoptosis in U87MG cells, at least in part, by decreasing Bax/Bcl-2 ratio and caspase-3 activity, which highlighted the possibility of miR-21 overexpression in the clinical resistance to chemotherapeutic therapy of TMZ."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 is an antiapoptotic factor in human glioblastoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNA molecules that regulate protein expression by targeting the mRNA of protein-coding genes for either cleavage or repression of translation. The roles of miRNAs in lineage determination and proliferation as well as the location of several miRNA genes at sites of translocation breakpoints or deletions has led to the speculation that miRNAs could be important factors in the development or maintenance of the neoplastic state. Here we show that the highly malignant human brain tumor, glioblastoma, strongly over-expresses a specific miRNA, miR-21. Our studies show markedly elevated miR-21 levels in human glioblastoma tumor tissues, early-passage glioblastoma cultures, and in six established glioblastoma cell lines (A172, U87, U373, LN229, LN428, and LN308) compared with nonneoplastic fetal and adult brain tissues and compared with cultured nonneoplastic glial cells. Knockdown of miR-21 in cultured glioblastoma cells triggers activation of caspases and leads to increased apoptotic cell death. Our data suggest that aberrantly expressed miR-21 may contribute to the malignant phenotype by blocking expression of critical apoptosis-related genes."	0
"Title: Up-regulated Dicer expression in patients with cutaneous melanoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs (18-24 nucleotides) that have recently been shown to regulate gene expression during cancer progression. Dicer, a central enzyme in the multi-component miRNA biogenesis pathway, is involved in cutting precursor miRNAs to functionally mature forms. Emerging evidence shows that Dicer expression is deregulated in some human malignancies and it correlates with tumor progression, yet this role has not yet been investigated in skin cancers. Methods and findings: Using an anti-human monoclonal antibody against Dicer and immunohistochemistry, we compared the expression of Dicer protein among 404 clinically annotated controls and skin tumors consisting of melanocytic nevi (n = 71), a variety of melanomas (n = 223), carcinomas (n = 73) and sarcomas (n = 12). Results showed a cell-specific up-regulated Dicer in 81% of cutaneous, 80% of acrolentiginous and 96% of metastatic melanoma specimens compared to carcinoma or sarcoma specimens (P<0.0001). The expression of Dicer was significantly higher in melanomas compared to benign melanocytic nevi (P<0.0001). In patients with cutaneous melanomas, Dicer up-regulation was found to be significantly associated with an increased tumor mitotic index (P = 0.04), Breslow's depth of invasion (P = 0.03), nodal metastasis (P = 0.04) and a higher American Joint Committee on Caner (AJCC) clinical stage (P = 0.009). Using western blot analysis, we confirmed the cell-specific up-regulation of Dicer protein in vitro. A pooled-analysis on mRNA profiling in cutaneous tumors showed up-regulation of Dicer at the RNA level in cutaneous melanoma, also showing deregulation of other enzymes that participate in the biogenesis and maturation of canonical miRNAs. Conclusions: Increased Dicer expression may be a clinically useful biomarker for patients with cutaneous melanoma. Understanding deregulation of Dicer and its influence on miRNA maturation is needed to predict the susceptibility of melanoma patients to miRNA-based therapy in the future."	0
"Title: miRTarBase 2020: updates to the experimentally validated microRNA-target interaction database. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs (typically consisting of 18-25 nucleotides) that negatively control expression of target genes at the post-transcriptional level. Owing to the biological significance of miRNAs, miRTarBase was developed to provide comprehensive information on experimentally validated miRNA-target interactions (MTIs). To date, the database has accumulated >13,404 validated MTIs from 11,021 articles from manual curations. In this update, a text-mining system was incorporated to enhance the recognition of MTI-related articles by adopting a scoring system. In addition, a variety of biological databases were integrated to provide information on the regulatory network of miRNAs and its expression in blood. Not only targets of miRNAs but also regulators of miRNAs are provided to users for investigating the up- and downstream regulations of miRNAs. Moreover, the number of MTIs with high-throughput experimental evidence increased remarkably (validated by CLIP-seq technology). In conclusion, these improvements promote the miRTarBase as one of the most comprehensively annotated and experimentally validated miRNA-target interaction databases. The updated version of miRTarBase is now available at http://miRTarBase.cuhk.edu.cn/."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-based therapeutics in cardiovascular disease: screening and delivery to the target. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs of ?22 nucleotides, which have increasingly been recognized as potent post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression. MiRNA targeting is defined by the complementarities between positions 2-8 of miRNA 5'-end with generally the 3'-untranslated region of target mRNAs (messenger RNAs). The capacity of miRNAs to simultaneously inhibit many different mRNAs allows for an amplification of biological responses. Hence, miRNAs are extremely attractive targets for therapeutic regulation in several diseases, including cardiovascular. Novel approaches are emerging to identify the miRNA functions in cardiovascular biology processes and to improve miRNA delivery in the heart and vasculature. In the present study, we provide an overview of current studies of miRNA functions in cardiovascular cells by the use of high-content screening. We also discuss the challenge to achieve a safe and targeted delivery of miRNA therapeutics in cardiovascular cells."	0
"Title: miRTarBase 2016: updates to the experimentally validated miRNA-target interactions database. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs of approximately 22 nucleotides, which negatively regulate the gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. This study describes an update of the miRTarBase (http://miRTarBase.mbc.nctu.edu.tw/) that provides information about experimentally validated miRNA-target interactions (MTIs). The latest update of the miRTarBase expanded it to identify systematically Argonaute-miRNA-RNA interactions from 138 crosslinking and immunoprecipitation sequencing (CLIP-seq) data sets that were generated by 21 independent studies. The database contains 4966 articles, 7439 strongly validated MTIs (using reporter assays or western blots) and 348 007 MTIs from CLIP-seq. The number of MTIs in the miRTarBase has increased around 7-fold since the 2014 miRTarBase update. The miRNA and gene expression profiles from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) are integrated to provide an effective overview of this exponential growth in the miRNA experimental data. These improvements make the miRTarBase one of the more comprehensively annotated, experimentally validated miRNA-target interactions databases and motivate additional miRNA research efforts."	0
"Title: miRNA profiling along tumour progression in ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that exert a regulatory effect post-transcriptionally by binding target mRNAs and inhibiting gene translation. miRNA expression is deregulated in cancer. The aim of this study was to characterize the differences in miRNA expression pattern and the miRNA-regulating machinery between ovarian carcinoma (OC) cells in primary tumours versus effusions. Using miRNA array platforms, we analysed a set of 21 tumours (13 effusions, 8 primary carcinomas) and identified three sets of miRNAs, one that is highly expressed in both primary carcinomas and effusions, one overexpressed in primary carcinomas and one overexpressed in effusions. Levels of selected miRNAs were analysed using quantitative PCR in an independent set of 45 additional tumours (30 effusions, 15 primary carcinomas). Reduced miR-145 and miR-214 and elevated let-7f, miR-182, miR-210, miR-200c, miR-222 and miR-23a levels were found in effusions in both sets. In silico target prediction programs identified potential target genes for some of the differentially expressed miRNAs. Expression of zinc finger E-box binding homeobox (ZEB)1 and c-Myc, targets of miR-200c, as well as of p21 protein (Cdc42/Rac)-activated kinase (PAK)1 and phosphatase and tensin homologue deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN), predicted targets of miR-222, were analysed. Inverse correlations between expression levels of the indicated miRNAs and of the predicted target genes were found. In addition, higher expression of the miRNA-processing molecules Ago1, Ago2 and Dicer was observed in effusions compared to primary carcinomas. In conclusion, our data are the first to document different miRNA expression and regulation profiles in primary and metastatic OC, suggesting a role for these molecules in tumour progression."	0
"Title: Regulation of mRNA translation and stability by microRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that extensively regulate gene expression in animals, plants, and protozoa. miRNAs function posttranscriptionally by usually base-pairing to the mRNA 3'-untranslated regions to repress protein synthesis by mechanisms that are not fully understood. In this review, we describe principles of miRNA-mRNA interactions and proteins that interact with miRNAs and function in miRNA-mediated repression. We discuss the multiple, often contradictory, mechanisms that miRNAs have been reported to use, which cause translational repression and mRNA decay. We also address the issue of cellular localization of miRNA-mediated events and a role for RNA-binding proteins in activation or relief of miRNA repression."	0
"Title: Suppression of miR-22, a tumor suppressor in cervical cancer, by human papillomavirus 16 E6 via a p53/miR-22/HDAC6 pathway. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that function to down-regulate gene expression involving in various cellular processes related to carcinogenesis. Recently, miR-22 was identified as a tumor-suppressing miRNA in many human cancers. However, the regulatory mechanism and the specific function of this miRNA in cervical cancer remain unclear. In the present study, we carried out gene transfection, western blot and quantitative RT-PCR to explore the regulatory mechanism and the functional role of miR-22 in cervical cancer. We verified that miR-22 was down-regulated in cervical cancer tissues and cervical cancer cell lines relative to matched non-tumor tissues and normal human cervical keratinocyte line (HCK1T). By contrast, histone deacetylase 6 (HDAC6) was inversely correlated with miR-22 in both cervical tissues and cancer cell lines. Mechanically, HDAC6 was down-regulated by miR-22 at the post-transcriptional level, via a specific target site within the 3'UTR, identified by a luciferase reporter assay. Moreover, we also showed that the correlation between miR-22 and HDAC6 expression was regulated by an E6/p53 pathway in HCK1Ts expressing HPV16 E6. For functional study, an ectopic expression of miR-22 could inhibit cell proliferation and migration, and could induce apoptosis of cervical cancer cell lines. These findings demonstrated that miR-22 was down-regulated in cervical cancer and inversely collated with its downstream target HDAC6. MiR-22 acts as tumor suppressor by inhibiting proliferation and migration, and by inducing apoptosis of cervical cancer cell lines by targeting the 3'UTR of HDAC6. This newly identified E6/p53/miR-22/HDAC6 regulatory network might be a candidate therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: MiRNA-451 plays a role as tumor suppressor in human glioma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional and/or translational level by binding loosely complimentary sequences in the 3'untranslated regions (UTRs) of target mRNAs. Increased expressions of several miRNAs, specifically hsa-miR-21, have been reported to modulate glioma development. Here we report downregulation of miR-451 in A172, LN229 and U251 human glioblastoma cells. Increased expression of miR-451 by administration of miR-451 mimics oligonucleotides reversed the biology of each of the three cell lines, inhibiting cell growth, inducing G0/G1 phase arrest and increasing cell apoptosis. Further, treatment with miR-451 mimics oligonucleotides diminished the invasive capacity of these cells, as the number of cells invading through matrigel was significantly decreased. Akt1, CyclinD1, MMP-2, MMP-9 and Bcl-2 protein expression decreased, and p27 expression increased in a dose-dependent manner with miR-451 mimics oligonucleotides. Taken together, these studies reveal miR-451 impacts glioblastoma cell proliferation, invasion and apoptosis, perhaps via regulation of the PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. We propose an essential role for miR-451 as a tumor-suppressor of human glioma."	0
"Title: miR-194 is a marker of hepatic epithelial cells and suppresses metastasis of liver cancer cells in mice. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression by interacting with the 3' untranslated region (3'-UTR) of multiple mRNAs. Recent studies have linked miRNAs to the development of cancer metastasis. In this study, we show that miR-194 is specifically expressed in the human gastrointestinal tract and kidney. Moreover, miR-194 is highly expressed in hepatic epithelial cells, but not in Kupffer cells or hepatic stellate cells, two types of mesenchymal cells in the liver. miR-194 expression was decreased in hepatocytes cultured in vitro, which had undergone a dedifferentiation process. Furthermore, expression of miR-194 was low in liver mesenchymal-like cancer cell lines. The overexpression of miR-194 in liver mesenchymal-like cancer cells reduced the expression of the mesenchymal cell marker N-cadherin and suppressed invasion and migration of the mesenchymal-like cancer cells both in vitro and in vivo. We further demonstrated that miR-194 targeted the 3'-UTRs of several genes that were involved in epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cancer metastasis. These results support a role of miR-194, which is specifically expressed in liver parenchymal cells, in preventing liver cancer cell metastasis."	0
"Title: A TARBP2 mutation in human cancer impairs microRNA processing and DICER1 function. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression by targeting messenger RNA (mRNA) transcripts. Recently, a miRNA expression profile of human tumors has been characterized by an overall miRNA downregulation. Explanations for this observation include a failure of miRNA post-transcriptional regulation, transcriptional silencing associated with hypermethylation of CpG island promoters and miRNA transcriptional repression by oncogenic factors. Another possibility is that the enzymes and cofactors involved in miRNA processing pathways may themselves be targets of genetic disruption, further enhancing cellular transformation. However, no loss-of-function genetic alterations in the genes encoding these proteins have been reported. Here we have identified truncating mutations in TARBP2 (TAR RNA-binding protein 2), encoding an integral component of a DICER1-containing complex, in sporadic and hereditary carcinomas with microsatellite instability. The presence of TARBP2 frameshift mutations causes diminished TRBP protein expression and a defect in the processing of miRNAs. The reintroduction of TRBP in the deficient cells restores the efficient production of miRNAs and inhibits tumor growth. Most important, the TRBP impairment is associated with a destabilization of the DICER1 protein. These results provide, for a subset of human tumors, an explanation for the observed defects in the expression of mature miRNAs."	0
"Title: miR-20b modulates VEGF expression by targeting HIF-1 alpha and STAT3 in MCF-7 breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that regulate the expression of different genes, including genes involved in cancer progression. A functional link between hypoxia, a key feature of the tumor microenvironment, and miRNA expression has been documented. We investigated whether and how miR-20b can regulate the expression of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in MCF-7 breast cancer cells under normoxic and hypoxia-mimicking conditions (CoCl(2) exposure). Using immunoblotting, ELISA, and quantitative real-time PCR, we demonstrated that miR-20b decreased VEGF protein levels at 4 and 24 h following CoCl(2) treatment, and VEGF mRNA at 4 h of treatment. In addition, miR-20b reduced VEGF protein expression in untreated cells. Next, we investigated the molecular mechanism by which pre-miR-20b can affect VEGF transcription, focusing on hypoxia inducible factor 1 (HIF-1) and signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3), transcriptional inducers of VEGF and putative targets of miR-20b. Downregulation of VEGF mRNA by miR-20b under a 4 h of CoCl(2) treatment was associated with reduced levels of nuclear HIF-1 alpha subunit and STAT3. Chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) assays revealed that HIF-1 alpha, but not STAT3, was recruited to the VEGF promoter following the 4 h of CoCl(2) treatment. This effect was inhibited by transfection of cells with pre-miR-20b. In addition, using siRNA knockdown, we demonstrated that the presence of STAT3 is necessary for CoCl(2)-mediated HIF-1 alpha nuclear accumulation and recruitment on VEGF promoter. In summary, this report demonstrates, for the first time, that the VEGF expression in breast cancer cells is mediated by HIF-1 and STAT3 in a miR-20b-dependent manner."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-34a suppresses invasion through downregulation of Notch1 and Jagged1 in cervical carcinoma and choriocarcinoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs that regulate the expression of other genes by transcriptional inhibition or translational repression. miR-34a is a known tumor suppressor gene and inhibits abnormal cell growth. However, its role in other tumorigenic processes is not fully known. This study aimed to investigate the action of miR-34a on cell invasion. We found that miR-34a is expressed at various levels in cervical cancer (HeLa, SiHa, C4I, C33a and CaSki) and trophoblast (BeWo and JAR) cell lines. Transient forced expression of miR-34a did not affect the proliferation of these cell lines. Computational miRNA target prediction suggested that Notch1 and Jagged1 were targets of miR-34a. By using functional assays, miR-34a was demonstrated to bind to the 3' untranslated regions of Notch1 and Jagged1. Forced expression of miR-34a altered the expression of Notch1 and Jagged1 protein as well as Notch signaling as shown by the response of Hairy Enhancer of Split-1 protein to these treatments using western blot analysis. Forced expression of miR-34a suppressed the invasiveness of HeLa and JAR cells. By using gamma-secretase inhibitor (N-[N-(3,5-difluorophenacetyl)-l-alanyl]-S-phenylglycine t-butyl ester) that interfered Notch signaling and RNA interference that knockdown Notch1 expression, we confirmed that downregulation of Notch1 reduced the invasiveness of the cells. Transfection of intracellular domain of Notch nullifies the effect of miR-34a on the invasiveness of the cells. Besides, we identified that miR-34a affected cell invasion by regulating expression of urokinase plasminogen activator through Notch. Our results provide evidence that miR-34a inhibits invasiveness through regulation of the Notch pathway and its downstream matrix degrading enzyme."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-30a inhibits epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition by targeting Snai1 and is downregulated in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs which regulate gene expression by base-pairing to the 3'-UTR of the target mRNA. Recently, miRNAs have been shown to regulate cancer metastasis, however, central molecular mechanisms of this ability still need to be investigated. Epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT), which is characterized especially by repression of E-cadherin expression and increased cell motility, is an essential component of cancer metastasis and progression. In the present study, we found that Snai1, a known transcriptional repressor of E-cadherin and modulator of EMT, is post-transcriptionally targeted by miRNA-30a in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Consistent with this, microRNA-30a expression was found inversely proportional to the invasive potential of various NSCLC cell lines, correlating positively with E-cadherin (epithelial marker) and negatively with N-cadherin (mesenchymal marker) expression. Forced re-introduction of miR-30a significantly altered cell morphology, in vitro invasion and migration of invasive cell lines, this being paralleled by a downregulation of Snai1 and upregulation of E-cadherin expression. Using a chicken embryonic metastasis assay, we found that miR-30a suppresses in vivo distant metastasis to the lungs and liver. Finally, we screened the expression of miR-30a in 64 consecutively resected NSCLC patients and found that, in 81% of the patients, expression of miR-30a was downregulated significantly (p < 0.0001) in tumors compared to corresponding normal tissues. These results suggest that miR-30a targets Snai1, inhibits invasion and metastasis, and is downregulated in NSCLC."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs bind to Toll-like receptors to induce prometastatic inflammatory response. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs, 19-24 nucleotides in length, that regulate gene expression and are expressed aberrantly in most types of cancer. MiRNAs also have been detected in the blood of cancer patients and can serve as circulating biomarkers. It has been shown that secreted miRNAs within exosomes can be transferred from cell to cell and can regulate gene expression in the receiving cells by canonical binding to their target messenger RNAs. Here we show that tumor-secreted miR-21 and miR-29a also can function by another mechanism, by binding as ligands to receptors of the Toll-like receptor (TLR) family, murine TLR7 and human TLR8, in immune cells, triggering a TLR-mediated prometastatic inflammatory response that ultimately may lead to tumor growth and metastasis. Thus, by acting as paracrine agonists of TLRs, secreted miRNAs are key regulators of the tumor microenvironment. This mechanism of action of miRNAs is implicated in tumor-immune system communication and is important in tumor growth and spread, thus representing a possible target for cancer treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs differentially expressed in ACTH-secreting pituitary tumors. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small noncoding RNAs, functioning as antisense regulators of gene expression by targeting mRNA and contributing to cancer development and progression. More than 50% of miRNA genes are located in cancer-associated genomic regions or in fragile sites of the genome. Objective: The aim of the study was to analyze the differential expression of let-7a, miR-15a, miR-16, miR-21, miR-141, miR-143, miR-145, and miR-150 in corticotropinomas and normal pituitary tissue and verify whether their profile of expression correlates with tumor size or remission after treatment. Material and methods: ACTH-secreting pituitary tumor samples were obtained during transphenoidal surgery from patients with Cushing disease and normal pituitary tissues from autopsies. The relative expression of miRNAs was measured by real-time PCR using RNU44 and RNU49 as endogenous controls. Relative quantification of miRNA expression was calculated using the 2(-DeltaDeltaCt) method. Results: We found underexpression of miR-145 (2.0-fold; P = 0.04), miR-21 (2.4-fold; P = 0.004), miR-141 (2.6-fold; P = 0.02), let-7a (3.3-fold; P = 0.003), miR-150 (3.8-fold; P = 0.04), miR-15a (4.5-fold; P = 0.03), miR-16 (5.0-fold; P = 0.004), and miR-143 (6.4-fold; P = 0.004) in ACTH-secreting pituitary tumors when compared to normal pituitary tissues. There were no differences between miRNA expression and tumor size as well as miRNA expression and ratio of remission after surgery, except in patients presenting lower miR-141 expression who showed a better chance of remission. Conclusion: Our results support the possibility that altered miRNA expression profile might be involved in corticotrophic tumorigenesis. However, the lack of knowledge about miRNA target genes postpones full understanding of the biological functions of down-regulated or up-regulated miRNAs in corticotropinomas."	0
"Title: miR-181c regulates the mitochondrial genome, bioenergetics, and propensity for heart failure in vivo. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs, which inhibit the stability and/or translation of a mRNA. miRNAs have been found to play a powerful role in various cardiovascular diseases. Recently, we have demonstrated that a microRNA (miR-181c) can be encoded in the nucleus, processed to the mature form in the cytosol, translocated into the mitochondria, and ultimately can regulate mitochondrial gene expression. However the in vivo impact of miR-181c is unknown. Here we report an in-vivo method for administration of miR-181c in rats, which leads to reduced exercise capacity and signs of heart failure, by targeting the 3'-end of mt-COX1 (cytochrome c oxidase subunit 1). We cloned miR-181c and packaged it in lipid-based nanoparticles for systemic delivery. The plasmid DNA complexed nanovector shows no apparent toxicity. We find that the mRNA levels of mitochondrial complex IV genes in the heart, but not any other mitochondrial genes, are significantly altered with miR-181c overexpression, suggesting selective mitochondrial complex IV remodeling due to miR-181c targeting mt-COX1. Isolated heart mitochondrial studies showed significantly altered O2-consumption, ROS production, matrix calcium, and mitochondrial membrane potential in miR-181c-treated animals. For the first time, this study shows that miRNA delivered to the heart in-vivo can lead to cardiac dysfunction by regulating mitochondrial genes."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 is downregulated in breast cancer and regulates DNA methyltransferases 3A in breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-protein-coding RNAs that regulate expression of a wide variety of genes including those involved in cancer development. Here, we investigate the role of miR-143 in breast cancer. In this study, we showed that miR-143 was frequently downregulated in 80% of breast carcinoma tissues compared to their adjacent noncancerous tissues. Ectopic expression of miR-143 inhibited proliferation and soft agar colony formation of breast cancer cells and also downregulated DNA methyltransferase 3A (DNMT3A) expression on both mRNA and protein levels. Restoration of miR-143 expression in breast cancer cells reduces PTEN hypermethylation and increases TNFRSF10C methylation. DNMT3A was demonstrated to be a direct target of miR-143 by luciferase reporter assay. Furthermore, miR-143 expression was observed to be inversely correlated with DNMT3A mRNA and protein expression in breast cancer tissues. Our findings suggest that miR-143 regulates DNMT3A in breast cancer cells. These findings elucidated a tumor-suppressive role of miR-143 in epigenetic aberration of breast cancer, providing a potential development of miRNA-based treatment for breast cancer."	0
"Title: miRNA sponges: soaking up miRNAs for regulation of gene expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small regulatory RNAs that act in an entangled web of interactions with target mRNAs to shape the cellular protein landscape by post-transcriptional control of mRNA decay and translation. miRNAs are themselves subject to numerous regulatory mechanisms that adjust their prevalence and activity. Emerging evidence suggests that miRNAs are themselves targeted by regulatory RNA species, and the identification of several classes of noncoding RNA molecules carrying miRNA binding sites has added a new intricate dimension to miRNA regulation. Such miRNA 'sponges' bind miRNAs and competitively sequester them from their natural targets. Endogenous miRNA sponges, also termed competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs), act to buffer the activity of miRNAs on physiologically relevant targets. This class of sponges includes endogenously transcribed pseudogenes, long noncoding RNAs, and recently discovered circular RNAs and may act in large complex networks in conjunction with miRNAs to regulate the output of protein. With the growing demand of regulating miRNA activity for experimental purposes and potential future clinical use, naturally occurring miRNA sponges are providing inspiration for engineering of gene vector-encoded sponges as potent inhibitors of miRNA activity. Combined with potent and versatile vector technologies, expression of custom-designed sponges provides new means of managing miRNAs and soaking up miRNAs for therapeutic regulation of gene expression."	0
"Title: Repertoire of microRNAs in epithelial ovarian cancer as determined by next generation sequencing of small RNA cDNA libraries. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small regulatory RNAs that are implicated in cancer pathogenesis and have recently shown promise as blood-based biomarkers for cancer detection. Epithelial ovarian cancer is a deadly disease for which improved outcomes could be achieved by successful early detection and enhanced understanding of molecular pathogenesis that leads to improved therapies. A critical step toward these goals is to establish a comprehensive view of miRNAs expressed in epithelial ovarian cancer tissues as well as in normal ovarian surface epithelial cells. Methodology: We used massively parallel pyrosequencing (i.e., ""454 sequencing"") to discover and characterize novel and known miRNAs expressed in primary cultures of normal human ovarian surface epithelium (HOSE) and in tissue from three of the most common histotypes of ovarian cancer. Deep sequencing of small RNA cDNA libraries derived from normal HOSE and ovarian cancer samples yielded a total of 738,710 high-quality sequence reads, generating comprehensive digital profiles of miRNA expression. Expression profiles for 498 previously annotated miRNAs were delineated and we discovered six novel miRNAs and 39 candidate miRNAs. A set of 124 miRNAs was differentially expressed in normal versus cancer samples and 38 miRNAs were differentially expressed across histologic subtypes of ovarian cancer. Taqman qRT-PCR performed on a subset of miRNAs confirmed results of the sequencing-based study. Conclusions: This report expands the body of miRNAs known to be expressed in epithelial ovarian cancer and provides a useful resource for future studies of the role of miRNAs in the pathogenesis and early detection of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA dysregulation in psychiatric disease. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small regulatory RNAs that individually regulate up to several hundred genes, and collectively may regulate as much as two-thirds of the transcriptome. Recent evidence supports a role for miRNA dysregulation in psychiatric and neurological disorders, including schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and autism. Small changes in miRNA expression can fine-tune the expression of multiple genes within a biological network, suggesting that miRNA dysregulation may underlie many of the molecular changes observed in psychiatric disease, and that therapeutic regulation of miRNA levels may represent a novel treatment option."	0
"Title: Micro RNA profiling: an easy and rapid method to screen and characterize stem cell populations. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small regulatory RNAs varying in length between 20 and 24 nucleotides. They are thought to play a key role during development by negative gene regulation at the post-transcriptional level. Recent studies using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (QPCR) and northern blot analysis have reported the presence of several miRNA unique to specific cell types. The NCode multispecies miRNA array provides a means for simultaneously profiling the expression patterns of hundreds of known miRNAs in a given cell type or biological sample. Using this method, miRNA expression patterns in embryonic and adult stem cell lines can be characterized and compared with each other. The accuracy of NCode miRNA array data can be further confirmed by QPCR analysis of putative array hits. This array-based screening platform is a fast and easy to use analytical tool that allows one to asses the state of stem cell lines following multiple passages in culture as well as a discovery tool that eliminates the need to screen large numbers of candidate regulatory miRNAs by northern blot or PCR. In this chapter, we describe in detail the method to carry out miRNA array analysis in human embryonal carcinoma cells and confirm the array results using QPCR."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-30c expression level is an independent predictor of clinical benefit of endocrine therapy in advanced estrogen receptor positive breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small RNA molecules that modulate gene expression and which have been implicated in cancer. We evaluated whether five candidate predictive miRNAs, derived from a pilot study in which 249 miRNAs were assayed, were associated with clinical benefit of tamoxifen therapy in advanced breast cancer. These five miRNAs were measured in an independent series of 246 estrogen receptor (ER)-positive primary breast tumors of patients who received tamoxifen for advanced disease by quantitative Real Time PCR. Univariate analysis showed that higher expression levels of hsa-miR-30a-3p, hsa-miR-30c, and hsa-miR-182 were significantly associated with benefit of tamoxifen treatment and with longer PFS (all P-values <0.01). In multivariate analysis, corrected for the traditional predictive factors, only hsa-miRNA-30c was an independent predictor (P-value <0.01). Finally, in an attempt to understand the biology connected to this miRNA, Global testing pathway analysis showed an association of hsa-miRNA-30c expression with HER and RAC1 signaling pathways. We identified hsa-miRNA-30c as an independent predictor for clinical benefit of tamoxifen therapy in patients with advanced breast cancer. Assessment of tumor levels and connected pathways could be helpful to improve treatment strategies."	0
"Title: Involvement of miR-30c in resistance to doxorubicin by regulating YWHAZ in breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small RNA molecules that modulate gene expression implicated in cancer, which play crucial roles in diverse biological processes, such as development, differentiation, apoptosis, and proliferation. The aim of this study was to investigate whether miR-30c mediated the resistance of breast cancer cells to the chemotherapeutic agent doxorubicin (ADR) by targeting tyrosine 3-monooxygenase/tryptophan 5-monooxygenase activation protein zeta (YWHAZ). miR-30c was downregulated in the doxorubicin-resistant human breast cancer cell lines MCF-7/ADR and MDA-MB-231/ADR compared with their parental MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 cell lines, respectively. Furthermore, we observed that transfection of an miR-30c mimic significantly suppressed the ability of MCF-7/ADR to resist doxorubicin. Moreover, the anti-apoptotic gene YWHAZ was confirmed as a target of miR-30c by luciferase reporter assay, and further studies indicated that the mechanism for miR-30c on the sensitivity of breast cancer cells involved YWHAZ and its downstream p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase (p38MAPK) pathway. Together, our findings provided evidence that miR-30c was one of the important miRNAs in doxorubicin resistance by regulating YWHAZ in the breast cancer cell line MCF-7/ADR."	0
"Title: MicroRNA: implications for cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small RNA molecules that regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally. After the discovery of the first miRNA in the roundworm Caenorhabditis elegans, these short regulatory RNAs have been found to be an abundant class of RNAs in plants, animals, and DNA viruses. About 3% of human genes encode for miRNAs, and up to 30% of human protein coding genes may be regulated by miRNAs. MicroRNAs play a key role in diverse biological processes, including development, cell proliferation, differentiation, and apoptosis. Accordingly, altered miRNA expression is likely to contribute to human disease, including cancer. This review will summarize the emerging knowledge of the connections between human miRNA biology and different aspects of carcinogenesis. Various techniques available to investigate miRNAs will also be discussed."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-10a binds the 5'UTR of ribosomal protein mRNAs and enhances their translation. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small RNAs that function as posttranscriptional regulators of gene expression. miRNAs affect a variety of signaling pathways, and impaired miRNA regulation may contribute to the development of cancer and other diseases. Here we show that miRNA miR-10a interacts with the 5' untranslated region of mRNAs encoding ribosomal proteins to enhance their translation. miR-10a alleviates translational repression of the ribosomal protein mRNAs during amino acid starvation and is required for their translational induction following anisomycin treatment or overexpression of RAS. We show that miR-10a binds immediately downstream of the regulatory 5'TOP motif and that the 5'TOP regulatory complex and miR-10a are functionally interconnected. The results show that miR-10a may positively control global protein synthesis via the stimulation of ribosomal protein mRNA translation and ribosome biogenesis and hereby affect the ability of cells to undergo transformation."	0
"Title: The functions of animal microRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small RNAs that regulate the expression of complementary messenger RNAs. Hundreds of miRNA genes have been found in diverse animals, and many of these are phylogenetically conserved. With miRNA roles identified in developmental timing, cell death, cell proliferation, haematopoiesis and patterning of the nervous system, evidence is mounting that animal miRNAs are more numerous, and their regulatory impact more pervasive, than was previously suspected."	0
"Title: MiR-519d represses ovarian cancer cell proliferation and enhances cisplatin-mediated cytotoxicity in vitro by targeting XIAP. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNAs that are believed to play fundamental roles in tumorigenesis and tumor development at the posttranscriptional level, as negative regulators of gene expression. This study was designed to evaluate the expression and anticancer effect of miR-519d in ovarian cancer. Methods: The expression levels of miR-519d in ovarian cancer cells and tissues were detected by TaqMan quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (TaqMan qRT-PCR; Life Technologies, Carlsbad, CA, USA). The effects of miR-519d on ovarian cancer cell proliferation and cisplatin chemosensitivity were analyzed by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2, 5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide, flow cytometry, and Western blotting assay. A luciferase reporter assay was performed to validate the miR-519d binding sites on the 3' untranslated region of X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP). The expression levels of XIAP mRNA and protein were examined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and Western blotting assay, respectively. Results: miR-519d was significantly downregulated in human ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues. Overexpression of miR-519d in ovarian cancer cells decreased cell proliferation and sensitized ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin-induced cell death accompanied by increased activation of caspase 3 and cleavage of poly(adenosine diphosphate [ADP]-ribose) polymerase 1. Bioinformatics analysis indicated that XIAP was a putative target of miR-519d. Overexpression of miR-519d decreased XIAP expression at both the protein and mRNA levels. In contrast, inhibition of miR-519d increased XIAP expression. Luciferase reporter assay confirmed XIAP as a direct target of miR-519d. XIAP mRNA and protein expression levels were inversely correlated with miR-519d expression in ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues. Conclusion: These findings indicate that miR-519d suppresses cell proliferation and sensitizes ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin-induced cell death by targeting the XIAP transcript, suggesting that miR-519d plays a tumor-suppressive role in human ovarian cancer and highlighting the therapeutic potential of miR-519d in ovarian cancer treatment."	0
"Title: Circulating miRNA-20a and miRNA-203 for screening lymph node metastasis in early stage cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNAs that are critical regulators of various diseases, including cancer, which may represent a novel class of cancer biomarkers. Aims: We hypothesized that microRNA-20a (miR-20a) and microRNA-203 (miR-203), which were altered in lymphatic metastatic tissues, could be directly assayed in the serum and used to detect the lymph node status of cervical cancer patients. Methods: We analyzed serum levels of miR-20a and miR-203 in 80 patients with stage I-IIA of cervical cancer by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction assay. Blood samples were collected before surgery and therapy. Logistic regression was used to measure the influence of different variables. Receiver operating characteristic analysis could evaluate the sensitivity and specificity in separating lymph node metastasis (LNM) (+) patients from LNM (-) patients by serum miR-20a and miR-203. Results: We found that the expression level of miR-20a was significantly higher in cervical cancer patients compared to healthy controls (p=0.004), patients with LNM tended to have overexpression of miR-20a (p=0.000), the odds ratio was 1.552. The expression level of miR-203 in cervical cancer patients was also significantly increased in comparison to the healthy patients (p=0.000), while downregulated miR-203 was correlated with LNM (p=0.001), the odds ratio was 0.849. When miR-20a was used for differentiation of LNM (+) patients from LNM (-) patients, the value of the area under the receiver-operating curve (AUC) was 0.734±0.058, the sensitivity and specificity of serum miR-20a were 75% and 72.5%, respectively, the cut-off point was 3.0. But the AUC of miR-203 was only 0.658±0.061, which showed low accuracy, the sensitivity and specificity were 65% and 62.5%, respectively, the cut-off point was 0.13. Conclusion: Our results suggested that the circulating miR-20a may be a potential biomarker for detecting the lymph node status of cervical cancer patients."	0
"Title: Aberrant expression of miR-20a and miR-203 in cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, non-coding RNAs that are critical regulators of various diseases. MicroRNA- 20a (miR-20a) and microRNA-203 (miR-203) have previously shown significant alteration in a range of cancers. In this study, the expression levels of miR-20a and miR-203 in 100 cervical cancer tissues were detected by qRT-PCR and compared to patient matched-nontumor cervical tissues. Correlations between expression level and clinicopathologic characteristics of cervical cancer were also analyzed. Finally, we studied the effect of miR- 20a and miR-203 on cell proliferation in cervical cancer cell lines by MTT. We found that the expression level of miR-20a (P<0.001) was significantly higher in cervical cancer patients than in healthy controls, while that of miR-203 (P<0.001) was lower. Aberrant expression of miR-20a was correlated with lymph node metastasis (LNM), histological grade and tumor diameter, but down-regulated miR-203 was correlated with LNM only. Furthermore, we found that over-expression of miR-203 decreased cell proliferation, while reduction of miR- 20a also prevented tumor progression. Our results support the involvement of miR-20a and miR-203 in cervical tumorigenesis. We propose that miRNAs might be used as therapeutic agents for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-20a promotes cervical cancer proliferation and metastasis in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, non-coding RNAs that are critical regulators of various diseases. MicroRNA-20a (miR-20a) has previously significantly altered in a range of cancers. In this study, we detected the relationship between miR-20a and the development of cervical cancer by qRT-PCR, we found that the expression level of miR-20a was significantly higher in cervical cancer patients than in normal controls, the aberrant expression of miR-20a was correlated with lymph node metastasis, histological grade and tumor diameter. Then we successfully established the stable anti-miR-20a cervical cancer cell lines by lentivirus. Inhibited miR-20a prevented tumor progression by modulating cell cycle, apoptosis, and metastasis in vitro and in vivo. TIMP2 and ATG7 were proved to be direct targets of miR-20a, using luciferase assay and western blot. These results indicate that miR-20a suppresses the proliferation, migration and invasion of cervical cancer cell through targeting ATG7 and TIMP2. Our results support the involvement of miR-20a in cervical tumorigenesis, especially lymph node metastasis. We propose that miRNAs might be used as therapeutic agent for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: A microRNA DNA methylation signature for human cancer metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNAs that can contribute to cancer development and progression by acting as oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. Recent studies have also linked different sets of miRNAs to metastasis through either the promotion or suppression of this malignant process. Interestingly, epigenetic silencing of miRNAs with tumor suppressor features by CpG island hypermethylation is also emerging as a common hallmark of human tumors. Thus, we wondered whether there was a miRNA hypermethylation profile characteristic of human metastasis. We used a pharmacological and genomic approach to reveal this aberrant epigenetic silencing program by treating lymph node metastatic cancer cells with a DNA demethylating agent followed by hybridization to an expression microarray. Among the miRNAs that were reactivated upon drug treatment, miR-148a, miR-34b/c, and miR-9 were found to undergo specific hypermethylation-associated silencing in cancer cells compared with normal tissues. The reintroduction of miR-148a and miR-34b/c in cancer cells with epigenetic inactivation inhibited their motility, reduced tumor growth, and inhibited metastasis formation in xenograft models, with an associated down-regulation of the miRNA oncogenic target genes, such as C-MYC, E2F3, CDK6, and TGIF2. Most important, the involvement of miR-148a, miR-34b/c, and miR-9 hypermethylation in metastasis formation was also suggested in human primary malignancies (n = 207) because it was significantly associated with the appearance of lymph node metastasis. Our findings indicate that DNA methylation-associated silencing of tumor suppressor miRNAs contributes to the development of human cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: The microRNA spectrum in 12 body fluids. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNAs that play an important role in regulating various biological processes through their interaction with cellular messenger RNAs. Extracellular miRNAs in serum, plasma, saliva, and urine have recently been shown to be associated with various pathological conditions including cancer. Methods: With the goal of assessing the distribution of miRNAs and demonstrating the potential use of miRNAs as biomarkers, we examined the presence of miRNAs in 12 human body fluids and urine samples from women in different stages of pregnancy or patients with different urothelial cancers. Using quantitative PCR, we conducted a global survey of the miRNA distribution in these fluids. Results: miRNAs were present in all fluids tested and showed distinct compositions in different fluid types. Several of the highly abundant miRNAs in these fluids were common among multiple fluid types, and some of the miRNAs were enriched in specific fluids. We also observed distinct miRNA patterns in the urine samples obtained from individuals with different physiopathological conditions. Conclusions: MicroRNAs are ubiquitous in all the body fluid types tested. Fluid type-specific miRNAs may have functional roles associated with the surrounding tissues. In addition, the changes in miRNA spectra observed in the urine samples from patients with different urothelial conditions demonstrates the potential for using concentrations of specific miRNAs in body fluids as biomarkers for detecting and monitoring various physiopathological conditions."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in Cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, noncoding RNAs with important functions in development, cell differentiation, and regulation of cell cycle and apoptosis. MiRNA expression is deregulated in cancer by a variety of mechanisms including amplification, deletion, mutation, and epigenetic silencing. Several studies have now shown that miRNAs are involved in the initiation and progression of cancer. In this review, we briefly describe miRNA biogenesis and discuss how miRNAs can act as oncogenes and tumor suppressors. We also address the role of miRNAs in the diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of cancer."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA expression as an early marker for breast cancer risk in prospectively collected samples from the Sister Study cohort. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small, non-coding, single-stranded RNAs between 18-22 nucleotides long that regulate gene expression. Expression of miRNAs is altered in tumor compared to normal tissue; there is some evidence that these changes may be reflected in the serum of cancer cases compared to healthy individuals. This has yet to be examined in a prospective study where samples are collected before diagnosis. Methods: We used Affymetrix arrays to examine serum miRNA expression profiles in 410 participants in the Sister Study, a prospective cohort study of 50,884 women. All women in the cohort had never been diagnosed with breast cancer at the time of enrollment. We compared global miRNA expression patterns in 205 women who subsequently developed breast cancer and 205 women who remained breast cancer-free. In addition within the case group we examined the association of miRNA expression in serum with different tumor characteristics, including hormone status (ER, PR, and HER-2) and lymph node status. Results: Overall, 414 of 1,105 of the human miRNAs on the chip were expressed above background levels in 50 or more women. When the average expression among controls was compared to cases using conditional logistic regression, 21 miRNAs were found to be differentially expressed (P?.05). Using qRT-PCR on a small, independent sample of 5 cases and 5 controls we verified overexpression of the 3 highest expressing miRNAs among cases, miR-18a, miR-181a, and miR-222; the differences were not statistically significant in this small set. The 21 differentially expressed miRNAs are known to target at least 82 genes; using the gene list for pathway analysis we found enrichment of genes involved in cancer-related processes. In a separate case-case analyses restricted to the 21 miRNAs, we found 7 miRNAs with differential expression for women whose breast tumors differed by HER-2 expression, and 10 miRNAs with differential expression by nodal status. Conclusions: miRNA levels in serum show a number of small differences between women who later develop cancer versus those who remain cancer-free."	0
"Title: The role of microRNAs in biological processes. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are tiny regulators of gene expression on the posttranscriptional level. Since the discovery of the first miRNA 20 years ago, thousands of them have been described. The discovered miRNAs have regulatory functions in biological and pathological processes. Biologically, miRNAs have been implicated in development, differentiation, proliferation, apoptosis, and immune responses. In this work, we summarize the role of miRNA in biological processes taking into account the various areas named above."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs direct rapid deadenylation of mRNA. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are ubiquitous regulators of eukaryotic gene expression. In addition to repressing translation, miRNAs can down-regulate the concentration of mRNAs that contain elements to which they are imperfectly complementary. Using miR-125b and let-7 as representative miRNAs, we show that in mammalian cells this reduction in message abundance is a consequence of accelerated deadenylation, which leads to rapid mRNA decay. The ability of miRNAs to expedite poly(A) removal does not result from decreased translation; nor does translational repression by miRNAs require a poly(A) tail, a 3' histone stem-loop being an effective substitute. These findings suggest that miRNAs use two distinct posttranscriptional mechanisms to down-regulate gene expression."	0
"Title: MiRNA-29: a microRNA family with tumor-suppressing and immune-modulating properties. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are ubiquitously expressed small, non-coding RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression at a post-transcriptional level. So far, over 1000 miRNAs have been identified in human cells and their diverse functions in normal cell homeostasis and many different diseases have been thoroughly investigated during the past decade. MiR-29, one of the most interesting miRNA families in humans to date, consists of three mature members miR-29a, miR-29b and miR-29c, which are encoded in two genetic clusters. Members of this family have been shown to be silenced or down-regulated in many different types of cancer and have subsequently been attributed predominantly tumor-suppressing properties, albeit exceptions have been described where miR-29s have tumor-promoting functions. MiR-29 targets expression of diverse proteins like collagens, transcription factors, methyltransferases and others, which may partake in abnormal migration, invasion or proliferation of cells and may favor development of cancer. Furthermore, members of the miR-29 family can be activated by interferon signaling, which suggests a role in the immune system and in host pathogen interactions, especially in response to viral infections. In this review, we summarize current knowledge on the genomic organization and regulation of the miR-29 family and we provide an overview of its implication in cancer suppression and promotion as well as in host immune responses. The numerous remarkable properties of these miRNAs and their often altered expression patterns might make the miR-29 family promising biomarkers and therapeutic targets for various diseases in future."	0
"Title: Exportin 5 is a RanGTP-dependent dsRNA-binding protein that mediates nuclear export of pre-miRNAs. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) are widespread among eukaryotes, and studies in several systems have revealed that miRNAs can regulate expression of specific genes. Primary miRNA transcripts are initially processed to approximately 70-nucleotide (nt) stem-loop structures (pre-miRNAs), exported to the cytoplasm, further processed to yield approximately 22-nt dsRNAs, and finally incorporated into ribonucleoprotein particles, which are thought to be the active species. Here we study nuclear export of pre-miRNAs and show that the process is saturable and thus carrier-mediated. Export is sensitive to depletion of nuclear RanGTP and, according to this criterion, mediated by a RanGTP-dependent exportin. An unbiased affinity chromatography approach with immobilized pre-miRNAs identified exportin 5 as the pre-miRNA-specific export carrier. We have cloned exportin 5 from Xenopus and demonstrate that antibodies raised against the Xenopus receptor specifically block pre-miRNA export from nuclei of Xenopus oocytes. We further show that exportin 5 interacts with double-stranded RNA in a sequence-independent manner."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-520/373 family functions as a tumor suppressor in estrogen receptor negative breast cancer by targeting NF-?B and TGF-? signaling pathways. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) as modulators of gene expression have been described to display both tumor-promoting and tumor-suppressive functions. Although their role has been studied in different tumor types, little is known about how they regulate nuclear factor ?B (NF-?B) signaling in breast cancer. Here, we performed an unbiased whole genome miRNA (miRome) screen to identify novel modulators of NF-?B pathway in breast cancer. The screen identified 13 miRNA families whose members induced consistent effects on NF-?B activity. Among those, the miR-520/373 family inhibited NF-?B signaling through direct targeting of RELA and thus strongly reduced expression and secretion of the pro-inflammatory cytokines interleukin (IL)-6 and IL-8. With a combination of in vitro and in vivo approaches, we propose a metastasis-suppressive role of miR-520/373 family. miR-520c and miR-373 abrogated both in vitro cell invasion and in vivo intravasation of highly invasive MDA-MB-231 cells. However, knockdown of RELA did not affect their metastatic ability. mRNA profiling of MDA-MB-231 cells on overexpression of miR-520/373 members revealed a strong downregulation of transforming growth factor-? (TGF-?) signaling. Mechanistically, the metastasis-suppressive role of miR-520/373 can be attributed to direct suppression of TGFBR2, as the silencing of TGFBR2 phenocopied the effects of miR-520/373 overexpression on suppression of Smad-dependent expression of the metastasis-promoting genes parathyroid hormone-related protein, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and angiopoietin-like 4 as well as tumor cell invasion, in vitro and in vivo. A negative correlation between miR-520c and TGFBR2 expression was observed in estrogen receptor negative (ER(-)) breast cancer patients but not in the ER positive (ER(+)) subtype. Remarkably, decreased expression of miR-520c correlated with lymph node metastasis specifically in ER(-) tumors. Taken together, our findings reveal that miR-520/373 family has a tumor-suppressive role in ER(-) breast cancer by acting as a link between the NF-?B and TGF-? pathways and may thus contribute to the interplay of tumor progression, metastasis and inflammation."	0
"Title: OncomiR addiction in an in vivo model of microRNA-21-induced pre-B-cell lymphoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) belong to a recently discovered class of small RNA molecules that regulate gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. miRNAs have crucial functions in the development and establishment of cell identity, and aberrant metabolism or expression of miRNAs has been linked to human diseases, including cancer. Components of the miRNA machinery and miRNAs themselves are involved in many cellular processes that are altered in cancer, such as differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis. Some miRNAs, referred to as oncomiRs, show differential expression levels in cancer and are able to affect cellular transformation, carcinogenesis and metastasis, acting either as oncogenes or tumour suppressors. The phenomenon of 'oncogene addiction' reveals that despite the multistep nature of tumorigenesis, targeting of certain single oncogenes can have therapeutic value, and the possibility of oncomiR addiction has been proposed but never demonstrated. MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) is a unique miRNA in that it is overexpressed in most tumour types analysed so far. Despite great interest in miR-21, most of the data implicating it in cancer have been obtained through miRNA profiling and limited in vitro functional assays. To explore the role of miR-21 in cancer in vivo, we used Cre and Tet-off technologies to generate mice conditionally expressing miR-21. Here we show that overexpression of miR-21 leads to a pre-B malignant lymphoid-like phenotype, demonstrating that mir-21 is a genuine oncogene. When miR-21 was inactivated, the tumours regressed completely in a few days, partly as a result of apoptosis. These results demonstrate that tumours can become addicted to oncomiRs and support efforts to treat human cancers through pharmacological inactivation of miRNAs such as miR-21."	0
"Title: An mRNA m7G cap binding-like motif within human Ago2 represses translation. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) bind to Argonaute (Ago) proteins and inhibit translation or promote degradation of mRNA targets. Human let-7 miRNA inhibits translation initiation of mRNA targets in an m(7)G cap-dependent manner and also appears to block protein production, but the molecular mechanism(s) involved is unknown and the role of Ago proteins in translational regulation remains elusive. Here we identify a motif (MC) within the Mid domain of Ago proteins, which bears significant similarity to the m(7)G cap-binding domain of eIF4E, an essential translation initiation factor. We identify conserved aromatic residues within the MC motif of human Ago2 that are required for binding to the m(7)G cap and for translational repression but do not affect the assembly of Ago2 with miRNA or its catalytic activity. We propose that Ago2 represses the initiation of mRNA translation by binding to the m(7)G cap of mRNA targets, thus likely precluding the recruitment of eIF4E."	0
"Title: Large scale chromosomal mapping of human microRNA structural clusters. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) can group together along the human genome to form stable secondary structures made of several hairpins hosting miRNAs in their stems. The few known examples of such structures are all involved in cancer development. A large scale computational analysis of human chromosomes crossing sequence analysis and deep sequencing data revealed the presence of >400 structural clusters of miRNAs in the human genome. An a posteriori analysis validates predictions as bona fide miRNAs. A functional analysis of structural clusters position along the chromosomes co-localizes them with genes involved in several key cellular processes like immune systems, sensory systems, signal transduction and development. Immune systems diseases, infectious diseases and neurodegenerative diseases are characterized by genes that are especially well organized around structural clusters of miRNAs. Target genes functional analysis strongly supports a regulatory role of most predicted miRNAs and, notably, a strong involvement of predicted miRNAs in the regulation of cancer pathways. This analysis provides new fundamental insights on the genomic organization of miRNAs in human chromosomes."	0
"Title: Argonaute2 complexes carry a population of circulating microRNAs independent of vesicles in human plasma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) circulate in the bloodstream in a highly stable, extracellular form and are being developed as blood-based biomarkers for cancer and other diseases. However, the mechanism underlying their remarkable stability in the RNase-rich environment of blood is not well understood. The current model in the literature posits that circulating miRNAs are protected by encapsulation in membrane-bound vesicles such as exosomes, but this has not been systematically studied. We used differential centrifugation and size-exclusion chromatography as orthogonal approaches to characterize circulating miRNA complexes in human plasma and serum. We found, surprisingly, that the majority of circulating miRNAs cofractionated with protein complexes rather than with vesicles. miRNAs were also sensitive to protease treatment of plasma, indicating that protein complexes protect circulating miRNAs from plasma RNases. Further characterization revealed that Argonaute2 (Ago2), the key effector protein of miRNA-mediated silencing, was present in human plasma and eluted with plasma miRNAs in size-exclusion chromatography. Furthermore, immunoprecipitation of Ago2 from plasma readily recovered non-vesicle-associated plasma miRNAs. The majority of miRNAs studied copurified with the Ago2 ribonucleoprotein complex, but a minority of specific miRNAs associated predominantly with vesicles. Our results reveal two populations of circulating miRNAs and suggest that circulating Ago2 complexes are a mechanism responsible for the stability of plasma miRNAs. Our study has important implications for the development of biomarker approaches based on capture and analysis of circulating miRNAs. In addition, identification of extracellular Ago2-miRNA complexes in plasma raises the possibility that cells release a functional miRNA-induced silencing complex into the circulation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA genes are transcribed by RNA polymerase II. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) constitute a large family of noncoding RNAs that function as guide molecules in diverse gene silencing pathways. Current efforts are focused on the regulatory function of miRNAs, while little is known about how these unusual genes themselves are regulated. Here we present the first direct evidence that miRNA genes are transcribed by RNA polymerase II (pol II). The primary miRNA transcripts (pri-miRNAs) contain cap structures as well as poly(A) tails, which are the unique properties of class II gene transcripts. The treatment of human cells with alpha-amanitin decreased the level of pri-miRNAs at a concentration that selectively inhibits pol II activity. Furthermore, chromatin immunoprecipitation analyses show that pol II is physically associated with a miRNA promoter. We also describe, for the first time, the detailed structure of a miRNA gene by determining the promoter and the terminator of mir-23a approximately 27a approximately 24-2. These data indicate that pol II is the main, if not the only, RNA polymerase for miRNA gene transcription. Our study offers a basis for understanding the structure and regulation of miRNA genes."	0
"Title: MiR-145 inhibits osteosarcoma cells proliferation and invasion by targeting ROCK1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) contribute to the development and progression of various types of human cancers. The aim of this study was to study the role of miR-145 and to identify its functional target gene in osteosarcoma (OS) cells. We found that miR-145 was reduced in OS tissues and cell lines. Enforced expression of miR-145 inhibited cell proliferation, migration, and invasion abilities of MG-63 cells. Furthermore, we revealed that Rho-associated protein kinase 1 (ROCK1) was a target of miR-145 in OS. Finally, we found that silencing of ROCK1 performed similar effects with miR-145 in MG-63 cells, and ROCK1 was inversely correlated with miR-145 in OS tissues. Collectively, these data indicate that miR-145 may act as a tumor suppressor and contributes to the progression of OS through targeting ROCK1."	0
"Title: miR-15a and miR-16-1 in cancer: discovery, function and future perspectives. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) encoded by the miR-15/16 cluster are known to act as tumor suppressors. Expression of these miRNAs inhibits cell proliferation, promotes apoptosis of cancer cells, and suppresses tumorigenicity both in vitro and in vivo. miR-15a and miR-16-1 function by targeting multiple oncogenes, including BCL2, MCL1, CCND1, and WNT3A. Down-regulation of these miRNAs has been reported in chronic lymphocytic lymphoma (CLL), pituitary adenomas, and prostate carcinoma. This review summarizes the discovery, functions, and clinical relevance of these miRNAs in cancer, particularly CLL."	0
"Title: miRiad roles for the miR-17-92 cluster in development and disease. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) encoded by the miR-17-92 cluster and its paralogs are known to act as oncogenes. Expression of these miRNAs promotes cell proliferation, suppresses apoptosis of cancer cells, and induces tumor angiogenesis. New work reveals essential functions for these miRNAs not only in tumor formation but also during normal development of the heart, lungs, and immune system."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in biological processes and carcinogenesis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) encoding small non-coding RNAs have been recognized as a very large gene family present in most organisms. The precise biological effects of miRNAs are yet to be elucidated in detail, partly because each miRNA is believed to negatively regulate the expression of hundreds of target genes. Nevertheless, recent findings indicate that carcinogenic processes are associated with alterations in the expression of several miRNAs, suggesting that some function as oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes. The present review focuses on recent findings in this exciting new area of research, with special emphasis on the involvement of miRNAs in cancer development and progression. Further studies are clearly warranted to elucidate the molecular and biological roles of miRNAs, which may ultimately provide both a better understanding of disease development, as well as a foundation for novel strategies for cancer diagnosis and therapy."	0
"Title: Analysis of the combined action of miR-143 and miR-145 on oncogenic pathways in colorectal cancer cells reveals a coordinate program of gene repression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) from the gene cluster miR-143-145 are diminished in cells of colorectal tumor origin when compared with normal colon epithelia. Until now, no report has addressed the coordinate action of these miRNAs in colorectal cancer (CRC). In this study, we performed a comprehensive molecular and functional analysis of the miRNA cluster regulatory network. First, we evaluated proliferation, migration, anchorage-independent growth and chemoresistance in the colon tumor cell lines after miR-143 and miR-145 restoration. Then, we assessed the contribution of single genes targeted by miR-143 and miR-145 by reinforcing their expression and checking functional recovery. Restoring miR-143 and miR-145 in colon cancer cells decreases proliferation, migration and chemoresistance. We identified cluster of differentiation 44 (CD44), Kruppel-like factor 5 (KLF5), Kirsten rat sarcoma 2 viral oncogene homolog (KRAS) and v-Raf murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B1 (BRAF) as proteins targeted by miR-143 and miR-145. Their re-expression can partially revert a decrease in transformation properties caused by the overexpression of miR-143 and miR-145. In addition, we determined a set of mRNAs that are diminished after reinforcing miR-143 and miR-145 expression. The whole transcriptome analysis ascertained that downregulated transcripts are enriched in predicted target genes in a statistically significant manner. A number of additional genes, whose expression decreases as a direct or indirect consequence of miR-143 and miR-145, reveals a complex regulatory network that affects cell signaling pathways involved in transformation. In conclusion, we identified a coordinated program of gene repression by miR-143 and miR-145, in CRC, where either of the two miRNAs share a target transcript, or where the target transcripts share a common signaling pathway. Major mediators of the oncosuppression by miR-143 and miR-145 are genes belonging to the growth factor receptor-mitogen-activated protein kinase network and to the p53 signaling pathway."	0
"Title: Phosphorylation of the human microRNA-generating complex mediates MAPK/Erk signaling. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) govern an expanding number of biological and disease processes. Understanding the mechanisms by which the miRNA pathway is regulated, therefore, represents an important area of investigation. We determined that the human miRNA-generating complex is comprised of Dicer and phospho-TRBP isoforms. Phosphorylation of TRBP is mediated by the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) Erk. Expression of phospho-mimic TRBP and TRBP phosphorylation enhanced miRNA production by increasing stability of the miRNA-generating complex. Mitogenic signaling in response to serum and the tumor promoter PMA was dependent on TRBP phosphorylation. These effects were accompanied by a coordinated increase in levels of growth-promoting miRNA and reduced expression of let-7 tumor suppressor miRNA. Conversely, pharmacological inhibition of MAPK/Erk resulted in an anti-growth miRNA profile. Taken together, these studies indicate that the MAPK/Erk pathway regulates the miRNA machinery and suggest a general principle, wherein signaling systems target the miRNA pathway to achieve biological responses."	0
"Title: MiR-195 inhibits migration, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of endometrial carcinoma cells by targeting SOX4. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been identified as potential biomarkers for endometrial carcinoma (EC) diagnosis, prognosis and therapy. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the detailed role and molecular mechanism of miR-195 in EC metastasis. qRT-PCR assay was performed to assess the expression of miR-195 and SRY-related high-mobility group box 4 (SOX4) mRNA in EC tissues and cells. The levels of N-cadherin, Vimentin, E-cadherin and SOX4 protein were determined by western blot. SOX4 protein expression in EC tissues was also determined by Immunohistochemistry (IHC) experiment. Transwell assay was used to analyze cell migration and invasion abilities. Dual-luciferase reporter assay and RNA Immunoprecipitation (RIP) assay were performed to confirm the targeted interaction between miR-195 and SOX4. Our data supported that miR-195 was downregulated and SOX4 was upregulated in EC tissues and cell lines. Upregulation of miR-195 inhibited migration, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of EC cells. Moreover, SOX4 was a direct target of miR-195. MiR-195 overexpression-mediated anti-migration, anti-invasion and anti-EMT effects were antagonized by SOX4 restoration in EC cells. In conclusion, our study suggested that miR-195 inhibited the migration, invasion and epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT) of EC cells at least partly by targeting SOX4. Our study provided a novel underlying mechanism for EC metastasis and a promising therapeutic target for EC management."	0
"Title: Silencing of microRNA-21 in vivo ameliorates autoimmune splenomegaly in lupus mice. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated in B cell lineage commitment, regulation of T cell differentiation, TCR signalling, regulation of IFN signalling, and numerous other immunological processes. However, their function in autoimmunity, and specifically in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), remains poorly understood. B6.Sle123 is a spontaneous genetic mouse model of SLE characterized by autoantibody production, lymphosplenomegaly, and glomerulonephritis. We identified several differentially regulated miRNAs in B and T lymphocytes of B6.Sle123 mice. We found that miR-21 expression in lupus B and T cells is up-regulated and that in vivo silencing of miR-21 using a tiny seed-targeting LNA reversed splenomegaly, one of the cardinal manifestations of autoimmunity in B6.Sle123 mice, and de-repressed PDCD4 expression in vivo and in vitro. In addition, treatment with anti-miR-21 altered CD4/CD8 T cell ratios and reduced Fas receptor-expressing lymphocyte populations. Our study shows that tiny LNAs can be used to efficiently antagonize endogenous miRNAs in peripheral lymphocytes in vivo and in primary lymphocytes cultured ex vivo and can alter the course of a spontaneous genetic disease in mice."	0
"Title: MicroRNA miR-34 inhibits human pancreatic cancer tumor-initiating cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated in cancer initiation and progression via their ability to affect expression of genes and proteins that regulate cell proliferation and/or cell death. Transcription of the three miRNA miR-34 family members was recently found to be directly regulated by p53. Among the target proteins regulated by miR-34 are Notch pathway proteins and Bcl-2, suggesting the possibility of a role for miR-34 in the maintenance and survival of cancer stem cells. Methodology/principal findings: We examined the roles of miR-34 in p53-mutant human pancreatic cancer cell lines MiaPaCa2 and BxPC3, and the potential link to pancreatic cancer stem cells. Restoration of miR-34 expression in the pancreatic cancer cells by either transfection of miR-34 mimics or infection with lentiviral miR-34-MIF downregulated Bcl-2 and Notch1/2. miR-34 restoration significantly inhibited clonogenic cell growth and invasion, induced apoptosis and G1 and G2/M arrest in cell cycle, and sensitized the cells to chemotherapy and radiation. We identified that CD44+/CD133+ MiaPaCa2 cells are enriched with tumorsphere-forming and tumor-initiating cells or cancer stem/progenitor cells with high levels of Notch/Bcl-2 and loss of miR-34. More significantly, miR-34 restoration led to an 87% reduction of the tumor-initiating cell population, accompanied by significant inhibition of tumorsphere growth in vitro and tumor formation in vivo. Conclusions/significance: Our results demonstrate that miR-34 may restore, at least in part, the tumor suppressing function of the p53 in p53-deficient human pancreatic cancer cells. Our data support the view that miR-34 may be involved in pancreatic cancer stem cell self-renewal, potentially via the direct modulation of downstream targets Bcl-2 and Notch, implying that miR-34 may play an important role in pancreatic cancer stem cell self-renewal and/or cell fate determination. Restoration of miR-34 may hold significant promise as a novel molecular therapy for human pancreatic cancer with loss of p53-miR34, potentially via inhibiting pancreatic cancer stem cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-196a2 Biomarker and Targetome Network Analysis in Solid Tumors. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been linked to cancer development and progression. The molecular mechanisms underlying the genetic associations of the miRNA single nucleotide polymorphism with cancer vary by cancer site. As there are no previous studies on the miR-196a2 variant or expression in any type of cancer among our population, we aimed to determine the expression profile of mature miR-196a2 in various types of solid tumors and to analyze the impact of its polymorphism (rs11614913; C/T) on the expression levels. Materials and methods: The study included 230 cancer patients (including 17 types of cancer), 26 patients with pre-cancer lesions, and 100 unrelated controls. Archived formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded specimens (n = 197) were available for both miRNA expression analysis and single nucleotide polymorphism identification. Venous blood was collected from 59 histologically confirmed sporadic cancer patients and the study controls for single nucleotide polymorphism identification. Real-time polymerase chain reaction analysis was performed for allelic discrimination and relative quantification of miR-196a2 in the study samples. In silico target gene prediction and network analysis was performed. Results: We found that individuals with the T variant were associated with cancer risk under all genetic association models, especially in colorectal, esophageal, skin, lung, thyroid, and renal cancer. Overall and stratified analysis showed miR-196a2 over-expression in most of the current malignant tumor samples relative to their corresponding cancer-free tissues. Carriers of the C allele had significantly higher expression levels of miR-196a2. Correlation with the clinicopathological features of cancer showed organ-specific effects. Gene enrichment analysis of predicted and validated targets speculated the putative role of miR-196a2 in cancer-associated biology. Conclusions: We highlighted cancer-type specific expression profiles of miR-196a2, which was correlated with the clinicopathological features in various types of cancer. Taken together, our results suggest that the miRNA signature could have promising diagnostic and prognostic significance."	0
"Title: De novo sequencing of circulating miRNAs identifies novel markers predicting clinical outcome of locally advanced breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been recently detected in the circulation of cancer patients, where they are associated with clinical parameters. Discovery profiling of circulating small RNAs has not been reported in breast cancer (BC), and was carried out in this study to identify blood-based small RNA markers of BC clinical outcome. Methods: The pre-treatment sera of 42 stage II-III locally advanced and inflammatory BC patients who received neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NCT) followed by surgical tumor resection were analyzed for marker identification by deep sequencing all circulating small RNAs. An independent validation cohort of 26 stage II-III BC patients was used to assess the power of identified miRNA markers. Results: More than 800 miRNA species were detected in the circulation, and observed patterns showed association with histopathological profiles of BC. Groups of circulating miRNAs differentially associated with ER/PR/HER2 status and inflammatory BC were identified. The relative levels of selected miRNAs measured by PCR showed consistency with their abundance determined by deep sequencing. Two circulating miRNAs, miR-375 and miR-122, exhibited strong correlations with clinical outcomes, including NCT response and relapse with metastatic disease. In the validation cohort, higher levels of circulating miR-122 specifically predicted metastatic recurrence in stage II-III BC patients. Conclusions: Our study indicates that certain miRNAs can serve as potential blood-based biomarkers for NCT response, and that miR-122 prevalence in the circulation predicts BC metastasis in early-stage patients. These results may allow optimized chemotherapy treatments and preventive anti-metastasis interventions in future clinical applications."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-10a is involved in the metastatic process by regulating Eph tyrosine kinase receptor A4-mediated epithelial-mesenchymal transition and adhesion in hepatoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to be associated with the development of cancers. However, the function of miRNAs in human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) remains largely undefined. Here we found that overexpression of miR-10a promoted the migration and invasion of QGY-7703 and HepG2 cells in vitro but suppressed metastasis in vivo. Cell adhesion assays showed that miR-10a suppressed HCC cell-matrix adhesion, which could explain the results of the in vivo animal experiments. The Eph tyrosine kinase receptor, EphA4, was identified as the direct and functional target gene of miR-10a. Knockdown of EphA4 phenocopied the effect of miR-10a and ectopic expression of EphA4 restored the effect of miR-10a on migration, invasion, and adhesion in HCC cells. We further demonstrated that miR-10a and EphA4 regulated the epithelial-mesenchymal transition process and the ?1-integrin pathway to affect cell invasion and adhesion. Our findings highlight the importance of miR-10a in regulating the metastatic properties of HCC by directly targeting EphA4 and may provide new insights into the pathogenesis of HCC."	0
"Title: Snail-regulated MiR-375 inhibits migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells by targeting JAK2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been reported to play a critical role in cancer invasion and metastasis. Our previous study showed that miR-375 frequently downregulated in gastric cancer suppresses cell proliferation by targeting Janus kinase 2 (JAK2). Here, we further found that the expression level of miR-375 is significantly decreased in metastatic gastric cancer tissues compared with the non-metastasis controls. Ectopic expression of miR-375 inhibits the migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells partially by targeting JAK2. Furthermore, miR-375 expression is negatively regulated by the metastasis associated transcription factor Snail, which directly binds to the putative promoter of miR-375. Moreover, overexpression of Snail can partially reverse the inhibition of gastric cancer cell migration caused by miR-375. Taken together, these data suggest that miR-375 may be negatively regulated by Snail and involved in gastric cancer cell migration and invasion potentially by targeting JAK2."	0
"Title: Differential expression of microRNAs in plasma of patients with colorectal cancer: a potential marker for colorectal cancer screening. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been shown to offer great potential in the diagnosis of cancer. We investigated whether plasma miRNAs could discriminate between patients with and without colorectal cancer (CRC). Methods: This study was divided into three phases: (1) marker discovery using real-time PCR-based miRNA profiling on plasma, corresponding cancerous and adjacent non-cancerous colonic tissues of five patients with CRC, along with plasma from five healthy individuals as controls; (2) marker selection and validation by real-time quantitative RT-PCR on a small set of plasma; and (3) independent validation on a large set of plasma from 90 patients with CRC, 20 patients with gastric cancer, 20 patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) and 50 healthy controls. Results: Of the panel of 95 miRNAs analysed, five were upregulated both in plasma and tissue samples. All the five miRNAs were validated on the plasma of 25 patients with CRC and 20 healthy controls. Both miR-17-3p and miR-92 were significantly elevated in the patients with CRC (p<0.0005). The plasma levels of these markers were significantly reduced after surgery in 10 patients with CRC (p<0.05). Further validation with an independent set of plasma samples (n = 180) indicated that miR-92 differentiates CRC from gastric cancer, IBD and normal subjects. This marker yielded a receiver operating characteristic curve area of 88.5%. At a cut-off of 240 (relative expression in comparison to RNU6B snRNA), the sensitivity was 89% and the specificity was 70% in discriminating CRC from control subjects. Conclusion: MiR-92 is significantly elevated in plasma of patients with CRC and can be a potential non-invasive molecular marker for CRC screening."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 targets MACC1 to inhibit cell invasion and migration in colorectal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been suggested to play a vital role in tumor initiation and progression by negatively regulating oncogenes and tumor suppressors. Quite recently, studies have identified some miRNAs operating to promote or suppress tumor invasion or metastasis via regulating metastasis-related genes, providing potential therapeutic targets on anti-metastasis strategy. Metastasis-associated in colon cancer-1 (MACC1) has been newly identified to express highly in colorectal cancer (CRC) and promote tumor metastasis through transactivating metastasis-inducing HGF/MET signaling pathway. In this study, we investigated whether miRNA 143 is involved in the regulation of MACC1 and thus plays a functional role in CRC. Results: Using both in silico prediction and western blot assay, we found the previously reported tumor suppressive miR-143 targeted MACC1 in CRC. The direct interaction between them was confirmed by 3' UTR luciferase reporter gene. In concordance with the inhibitory effects induced by siRNA mediated knockdown of MACC1, restoration of miR-143 by mimics in SW620 cells significantly attenuated cell growth, migration and invasion. It is notable that combined treatment of miR-143 mimics and MACC1 siRNA induced synergistic inhibitory effects compared to either miR-143 mimics or MACC1 siRNA treatment alone. Conversely, reduction of miR-143 by inhibitors in SW480 cells apparently stimulated these phenotypes. Furthermore, we observed that miR-143 level was inversely correlated with MACC1 mRNA expression in CRC tissues. Conclusions: Our findings newly described miR-143/MACC1 link and provided a potential mechanism for MACC1 dysregulation and contribution to CRC cell invasion. It may help to estimate the therapeutic utility of miR-143 in CRC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 targets YES and STAT1 in colon cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as important gene regulators and are recognized as key players in tumorigenesis. miR-145 is reported to be down-regulated in several cancers, but knowledge of its targets in colon cancer remains limited. Methodology/principal findings: To investigate the role of miR-145 in colon cancer, we have employed a microarray based approach to identify miR-145 targets. Based on seed site enrichment analyses and unbiased word analyses, we found a significant enrichment of miRNA binding sites in the 3'-untranslated regions (UTRs) of transcripts down-regulated upon miRNA overexpression. Gene Ontology analysis showed an overrepresentation of genes involved in cell death, cellular growth and proliferation, cell cycle, gene expression and cancer. A number of the identified miRNA targets have previously been implicated in cancer, including YES, FSCN1, ADAM17, BIRC2, VANGL1 as well as the transcription factor STAT1. Both YES and STAT1 were verified as direct miR-145 targets. Conclusions/significance: The study identifies and validates new cancer-relevant direct targets of miR-145 in colon cancer cells and hereby adds important mechanistic understanding of the tumor-suppressive functions of miR-145."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs and the cancer phenotype: profiling, signatures and clinical implications. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as key genetic regulators of a wide variety of biological processes, including growth, proliferation, and survival. Recent advances have led to the recognition that miRNAs can act as potent oncogenes and tumor suppressors, playing crucial roles in the initiation, maintenance, and progression of the oncogenic state in a variety of cancers. Determining how miRNA expression and function is altered in cancer is an important goal, and a necessary prerequisite to the development and adoption of miRNA-based therapeutics in the clinic. Highly promising clinical applications of miRNAs are the use of miRNA signatures as biomarkers for cancer (for example, for early detection or diagnosis), and therapeutic supplementation or inhibition of specific miRNAs to alter the cancer phenotype. In this review, we discuss the main methods used for miRNA profiling, and examine key miRNAs that are commonly altered in a variety of tumors. Current studies underscore the functional versatility and potency of miRNAs in various aspects of the cancer phenotype, pointing to their potential clinical applications. Consequently, we discuss the application of miRNAs as biomarkers, clinical agents, and therapeutic targets, highlighting both the enormous potential and major challenges in this field."	0
"Title: Modulation of microRNA processing by p53. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as key post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression, involved in diverse physiological and pathological processes. Although miRNAs can function as both tumour suppressors and oncogenes in tumour development, a widespread downregulation of miRNAs is commonly observed in human cancers and promotes cellular transformation and tumorigenesis. This indicates an inherent significance of small RNAs in tumour suppression. However, the connection between tumour suppressor networks and miRNA biogenesis machineries has not been investigated in depth. Here we show that a central tumour suppressor, p53, enhances the post-transcriptional maturation of several miRNAs with growth-suppressive function, including miR-16-1, miR-143 and miR-145, in response to DNA damage. In HCT116 cells and human diploid fibroblasts, p53 interacts with the Drosha processing complex through the association with DEAD-box RNA helicase p68 (also known as DDX5) and facilitates the processing of primary miRNAs to precursor miRNAs. We also found that transcriptionally inactive p53 mutants interfere with a functional assembly between Drosha complex and p68, leading to attenuation of miRNA processing activity. These findings suggest that transcription-independent modulation of miRNA biogenesis is intrinsically embedded in a tumour suppressive program governed by p53. Our study reveals a previously unrecognized function of p53 in miRNA processing, which may underlie key aspects of cancer biology."	0
"Title: Exosome-formed synthetic microRNA-143 is transferred to osteosarcoma cells and inhibits their migration. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have emerged as potential anticancer agents, but their clinical application is limited by the lack of an effective delivery system to tumors. Exosomes are small vesicles that play important roles in intercellular communication. Here, we show that synthetic miR-143 introduced into cells is released enveloped in exosomes and that the secreted exosome-formed miR-143 is transferred to osteosarcoma cells. The delivery of exosome-formed miR-143 significantly reduced the migration of osteosarcoma cells. The delivery efficiency of exosome-formed miR-143 was less than that achieved with lipofection, but the migratory potential of osteosarcoma cells was similarly inhibited after both strategies. Our results suggest that exosomes can deliver synthetic miR-143 and are a potentially efficient and functional delivery system."	0
"Title: miR-143 inhibits NSCLC cell growth and metastasis by targeting Limk1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have essential roles in carcinogenesis and tumor progression. Here, we investigated the roles and mechanisms of miR-143 in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). miR-143 was significantly decreased in NSCLC tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-143 suppressed NSCLC cell proliferation, induced apoptosis, and inhibited migration and invasion in vitro. Integrated analysis identified LIM domain kinase 1 (Limk1) as a direct and functional target of miR-143. Overexpression of Limk1 attenuated the tumor suppressive effects of miR-143 in NSCLC cells. Moreover, miR-143 was inversely correlated with Limk1 expression in NSCLC tissues. Together, our results highlight the significance of miR-143 and Limk1 in the development and progression of NSCLC."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in autoimmunity and inflammatory bowel disease: crucial regulators in immune response. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have recently emerged as a new class of modulators of gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. The function of miRNA is the control of protein production by targeting mRNAs for translational repression or degradation. MiRNAs play a critical role in many biological processes such as cellular proliferation and maturation, apoptosis, regulation of chronic inflammation and development of cancer. It has recently been discovered that miRNAs are differentially expressed in autoimmune diseases (AID) and miRNA regulation may impact in the development or prevention of AID. In this paper we review the importance of miRNAs in AID in particular in inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). IBD is an AID whose pathophysiology remains uncertain. It is generally hypothesized that IBD is caused by the enteric microflora in genetically predisposed patients with an immune dysregulation in the gastrointestinal tract. Knowing the typical miRNA pattern of IBD will improve our knowledge of the pathogenesis of this disease and will lead to future well-focused projects to study the regulatory function of such miRNAs. Furthermore, it is possible that some miRNAs are specific to IBD and could serve as biomarkers with clinical applications for the diagnosis or assessment of disease activity."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs and Multiple Sclerosis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have recently emerged as a new class of modulators of gene expression. miRNAs control protein synthesis by targeting mRNAs for translational repression or degradation at the posttranscriptional level. These noncoding RNAs are endogenous, single-stranded molecules approximately 22 nucleotides in length and have roles in multiple facets of immunity, from regulation of development of key cellular players to activation and function in immune responses. Recent studies have shown that dysregulation of miRNAs involved in immune responses leads to autoimmunity. Multiple sclerosis (MS) serves as an example of a chronic and organ-specific autoimmune disease in which miRNAs modulate immune responses in the peripheral immune compartment and the neuroinflammatory process in the brain. For MS, miRNAs have the potential to serve as modifying drugs. In this review, we summarize current knowledge of miRNA biogenesis and mode of action and the diverse roles of miRNAs in modulating the immune and inflammatory responses. We also review the role of miRNAs in autoimmunity, focusing on emerging data regarding miRNA expression patterns in MS. Finally, we discuss the potential of miRNAs as a disease marker and a novel therapeutic target in MS. Better understanding of the role of miRNAs in MS will improve our knowledge of the pathogenesis of this disease."	0
"Title: Regression of murine lung tumors by the let-7 microRNA. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have recently emerged as an important new class of cellular regulators that control various cellular processes and are implicated in human diseases, including cancer. Here, we show that loss of let-7 function enhances lung tumor formation in vivo, strongly supporting the hypothesis that let-7 is a tumor suppressor. Moreover, we report that exogenous delivery of let-7 to established tumors in mouse models of non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC) significantly reduces the tumor burden. These results demonstrate the therapeutic potential of let-7 in NSCLC and point to miRNA replacement therapy as a promising approach in cancer treatment."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in metabolism and metabolic disorders. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have recently emerged as key regulators of metabolism. For example, miR-33a and miR-33b have a crucial role in controlling cholesterol and lipid metabolism in concert with their host genes, the sterol-regulatory element-binding protein (SREBP) transcription factors. Other metabolic miRNAs, such as miR-103 and miR-107, regulate insulin and glucose homeostasis, whereas miRNAs such as miR-34a are emerging as key regulators of hepatic lipid homeostasis. The discovery of circulating miRNAs has highlighted their potential as both endocrine signalling molecules and disease markers. Dysregulation of miRNAs may contribute to metabolic abnormalities, suggesting that miRNAs may potentially serve as therapeutic targets for ameliorating cardiometabolic disorders."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-221 promotes colorectal cancer cell invasion and metastasis by targeting RECK. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have recently emerged as regulators of metastasis. We provide insight into the behavior of miR-221 in colorectal cancer (CRC) metastasis by showing that miR-221 is significantly upregulated in metastatic CRC cell lines and tissues. miR-221 overexpression enhances, whereas miR-221 depletion reduces CRC cell migration and invasion in vitro and metastasis in vivo. We identify RECK as a direct target of miR-221, reveal its expression to be inversely correlated with miR-221 in CRC samples and show that its re-introduction reverses miR-221-induced CRC invasiveness. Collectively, miR-221 is an oncogenic miRNA which may regulate CRC migration and invasion through targeting RECK."	0
"Title: microRNA-137 promotes apoptosis in ovarian cancer cells via the regulation of XIAP. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) have regulatory roles in various cellular processes, including apoptosis. Recently, X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein (XIAP) has been reported to be dysregulated in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). However, the mechanism underlying this dysregulation is largely unknown. Methods: Using bioinformatics and a literature analysis, a panel of miRNAs dysregulated in EOC was chosen for further experimental confirmation from hundreds of miRNAs that were predicted to interact with the XIAP 3'UTR. A dual-luciferase reporter assay was employed to detect the interaction by cellular co-transfection of an miRNA expression vector and a reporter vector with the XIAP 3'UTR fused to a Renilla luciferase reporter. DAPI and TUNEL approaches were used to further determine the effects of an miR-137 mimic and inhibitor on cisplatin-induced apoptosis in ovarian cancer cells. Results: We identified eight miRNAs by screening a panel of dysregulated miRNAs that may target the XIAP 3'UTR. The strongest inhibitory miRNA, miR-137, suppressed the activity of a luciferase reporter gene fused with the XIAP 3'UTR and decreased the levels of XIAP protein in SKOV3 ovarian cancer cells. Furthermore, forced expression of miR-137 increased cisplatin-induced apoptosis, and the depressed expression of miR-137 decreased cisplatin-induced apoptosis in SKOV3 and primary EOC cells. Consistently, the disruption of miR-137 via CRISPR/Cas9 inhibited apoptosis and upregulated XIAP in A2780 cells. Furthermore, the effect of miR-137 on apoptosis could be rescued by XIAP in SKOV3 cells. In addition, miR-137 expression is inversely correlated with the level of XIAP protein in both ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. Conclusions: Our data suggest that multiple miRNAs can regulate XIAP via its 3'UTR. miR-137 can sensitise ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin-induced apoptosis, providing new insight into overcoming drug resistance in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-26a promotes ovarian cancer proliferation and tumorigenesis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) important for posttranscriptional gene expression are involved in the initiation and progression of human cancer. In this study, we reported that miR-26a was over-expressed in human EOC specimens and the expression level of extracellular miR-26a in plasma can distinguish patients from healthy controls in EOC. Ectopic expression of miR-26a in ovarian cancer (OC) cells increased cell proliferation and clonal formation. This growth promoting effect of OC cell growth was mediated by miR-26a inhibition of the posttranscription of ER-?. Furthermore, inhibition of miR-26a suppressed the tumor formation generated by injecting OC cells in nude mice. Our results suggest that aberrantly expressed miR-26a may contribute to OC development."	0
"Title: A hexanucleotide element directs microRNA nuclear import. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) negatively regulate partially complementary target messenger RNAs. Target selection in animals is dictated primarily by sequences at the miRNA 5' end. We demonstrated that despite their small size, specific miRNAs contain additional sequence elements that control their posttranscriptional behavior, including their subcellular localization. We showed that human miR-29b, in contrast to other studied animal miRNAs, is predominantly localized to the nucleus. The distinctive hexanucleotide terminal motif of miR-29b acts as a transferable nuclear localization element that directs nuclear enrichment of miRNAs or small interfering RNAs to which it is attached. Our results indicate that miRNAs sharing common 5' sequences, considered to be largely redundant, might have distinct functions because of the influence of cis-acting regulatory motifs."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-15a induces cell apoptosis and inhibits metastasis by targeting BCL2L2 in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play a critical role in cancer development and progression. Aberrant expression of miR-15a has recently been reported in several cancers, but its role in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) still remains obscure. We investigated the effects of miR-15a on proliferation, apoptosis, and metastasis in A549 cells. Eighteen paired NSCLC and adjacent non-tumor lung tissues were surgically removed and immediately snap frozen until total RNA was extracted and confirmed by two independent pathologists. The targets of miR-15a were predicted by bioinformatics tools. RNA isolation and quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR), Western blot analysis, cell proliferation assay, cell cycle analysis, cell apoptosis assay, and migration and invasion assays were done. The wild type (WT) or mutant type (MT) 3'-untranslated region (UTR) vectors were co-transfected with miR-15a or negative control into A549 cells, and after 24 h of transfection, luciferase activity was measured using the Dual-Glo luciferase assay kit. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS 13.0 software (SPSS, Chicago, IL, USA). P values of less than 0.05 were considered statistically significant. miR-15a was significantly downregulated in NSCLC than in adjacent non-cancerous tissues. miR-15a overexpression remarkably inhibited cell viability, invasion, and migration and promoted the apoptosis of NSCLC cells. Additionally, inhibition of miR-15a expression had the opposite effects on tumor progression, while cell cycle remained unaltered. Furthermore, we identified that BCL2L2 was a target of miR-15a and negatively regulated by miR-15a at the translational level. miR-15a acts as a tumor suppressor in NSCLC by directly targeting BCL2L2 and may serve as a potential diagnostic biomarker and therapeutic target for NSCLC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA inhibition of translation initiation in vitro by targeting the cap-binding complex eIF4F. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play an important role in gene regulatory networks in animals. Yet, the mechanistic details of their function in translation inhibition or messenger RNA (mRNA) destabilization remain controversial. To directly examine the earliest events in this process, we have developed an in vitro translation system using mouse Krebs-2 ascites cell-free extract that exhibits an authentic miRNA response. We show here that translation initiation, specifically the 5' cap recognition process, is repressed by endogenous let-7 miRNAs within the first 15 minutes of mRNA exposure to the extract when no destabilization of the transcript is observed. Our results indicate that inhibition of translation initiation is the earliest molecular event effected by miRNAs. Other mechanisms, such as mRNA degradation, may subsequently consolidate mRNA silencing."	0
"Title: Selective blockade of microRNA processing by Lin28. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play critical roles in development, and dysregulation of miRNA expression has been observed in human malignancies. Recent evidence suggests that the processing of several primary miRNA transcripts (pri-miRNAs) is blocked posttranscriptionally in embryonic stem cells, embryonal carcinoma cells, and primary tumors. Here we show that Lin28, a developmentally regulated RNA binding protein, selectively blocks the processing of pri-let-7 miRNAs in embryonic cells. Using in vitro and in vivo studies, we found that Lin28 is necessary and sufficient for blocking Microprocessor-mediated cleavage of pri-let-7 miRNAs. Our results identify Lin28 as a negative regulator of miRNA biogenesis and suggest that Lin28 may play a central role in blocking miRNA-mediated differentiation in stem cells and in certain cancers."	0
"Title: MiR-145 suppressed human retinoblastoma cell proliferation and invasion by targeting ADAM19. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play critical roles in retinoblastoma (RB) initiation and progression, aberrant expression of miR-145 had been frequently reported in cancer studies. However, the role and mechanism of its function in RB is still unclear. In this study, our data showed that miR-145 was downregulated in RB tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-145 suppressed RB cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro. ADAM19 was identified as a direct target of miR-145. Silencing of ADAM19 significantly inhibited RB cell proliferation, migration and invasion. In addition, a reverse correlation between miR-145 and ADAM19 expression was noted in RB tissues. Taken together, these findings suggested that miR-145 functions as a tumor suppressor in RB by directly targeting ADAM19. miR-145 could be an anticancer therapeutic target for RB patients."	0
"Title: Overexpressed miR-9 promotes tumor metastasis via targeting E-cadherin in serous ovarian cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play critical roles in the development and progression in various cancers. Dysfunctional miR-9 expression remains ambiguous, and no consensus on the metastatic progression of ovarian cancer has been reached. In this study, results from the bioinformatics analysis show that the 3'-UTR of the E-cadherin mRNA was directly regulated by miR-9. Luciferase reporter assay results confirmed that miR-9 could directly target this 3'-UTR. miR-9 and E-cadherin expression in ovarian cancer tissue was quantified by qRT-PCR. Migration and invasion were detected by wound healing and Transwell system assay in SKOV3 and A2780. qRT-PCR and Western blot were performed to detect the epithelial?mesenchymal transition-associated mRNA and proteins. Immunofluorescence technique was used to analyze the expression and subcellular localization of E-cadherin, N-cadherin, and vimentin. The results showed that miR-9 was frequently upregulated in metastatic serous ovarian cancer tissue compared with paired primary ones. Upregulation of miR-9 could downregulate the expression of E-cadherin but upregulate the expression of mesenchymal markers (N-cadherin and vimentin). Overexpression of miR-9 could promote the cell migration and invasion in ovarian cancer, and these processes could be effectively inhibited via miR-9 inhibitor. Thus, our study demonstrates that miR-9 may promote ovarian cancer metastasis via targeting E-cadherin and a novel potential therapeutic approach to control metastasis of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: microRNA-802 inhibits cell proliferation and induces apoptosis in human cervical cancer by targeting serine/arginine-rich splicing factor 9. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) play crucial roles in cancer development and progression by targeting mRNAs for degradation and/or translational repression. microRNA-802 (miR-802) has been reported as a tumor suppressor and its deregulation is observed in various human cancers. However, the prognostic value of miR-802 and its underlying mechanisms involved in human cervical cancer are poorly investigated. The purposes of this study were to explore the role of miR-802 in cervical cancer and to clarify the regulation of serine/arginine-rich splicing factor 9 (SRSF9) by miR-802. Here, we found that miR-802 was downregulated in both cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Transfection of a miR-802 mimic into cervical cancer cells inhibited their proliferation and colony formation, and promoted cell cycle arrest at the G0/G1 phase and cell apoptosis. In addition, we found that miR-802 could directly target the 3'-untranslated region of SRSF9 and suppress SRSF9 expression. Rescue experiments revealed that overexpression of SRSF9 partially reversed the inhibition effect of miR-802 in cervical cancer cells. Overall, these findings demonstrate that miR-802 functions as a tumor suppressor in cervical cancer by targeting SRSF9, suggesting that miR-802 might serve as a potential therapeutic target in cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-376c inhibits cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion by targeting BMI1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play crucial roles in cancer development and progression. The purposes of this study were to explore the role of miR-376c in cervical cancer and to clarify the regulation of BMI1 by miR-376c. Quantitative RT-PCR was used to measure miR-376c expression in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. The cell proliferation, cell cycle and Transwell invasion assays were performed. A luciferase reporter assay was conducted to confirm the target gene of miR-376c, and the results were validated in cervical cancer cell lines and tissues. MiR-376c was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer cell lines and clinical tissues. Upregulation of miR-376c impaired cell proliferation, blocked G1/S checkpoint of cell cycle and suppressed cell invasion in vitro. BMI1 was verified as a direct target of miR-376c, which was further confirmed by the inverse expression of miR-376c and BMI1 in patient specimens. The newly identified miR-376c/BMI1 pathway provides an insight into cervical cancer progression and may represent a novel therapeutic target."	0
"Title: MiR-195 Suppresses Cervical Cancer Migration and Invasion Through Targeting Smad3. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play crucial roles in cervical cancer development and progression. The purposes of this study were to investigate the role of miR-195 in cervical cancer and clarify the regulation of Smad3 by miR-195. Methods: Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was used to examine miR-195 expression in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. The clinicopathological significance of miR-195 down-regulation was further analyzed. Transwell migration and invasion assays were performed. A luciferase reporter assay was conducted to confirm the target gene of miR-195, and the results were validated in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Results: MiR-195 was significantly decreased in clinical tissues and cervical cancer cell lines. The low miR-195 level was significantly correlated with higher International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage, node metastasis, and deep stromal invasion. Up-regulation of miR-195 suppressed cell migration and invasion in vitro. Smad3 was verified as a direct target of miR-195, which was further confirmed by the inverse expression of miR-195 and Smad3 in patients' specimens. Conclusions: The newly identified miR-195/Smad3 pathway provides an insight into cervical cancer metastasis and may represent a novel therapeutic target."	0
"Title: Aberrant expression of oncogenic and tumor-suppressive microRNAs in cervical cancer is required for cancer cell growth. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in cancer development. By cloning and sequencing of a HPV16(+) CaSki cell small RNA library, we isolated 174 miRNAs (including the novel miR-193c) which could be grouped into 46 different miRNA species, with miR-21, miR-24, miR-27a, and miR-205 being most abundant. We chose for further study 10 miRNAs according to their cloning frequency and associated their levels in 10 cervical cancer- or cervical intraepithelial neoplasia-derived cell lines. No correlation was observed between their expression with the presence or absence of an integrated or episomal HPV genome. All cell lines examined contained no detectable miR-143 and miR-145. HPV-infected cell lines expressed a different set of miRNAs when grown in organotypic raft cultured as compared to monolayer cell culture, including expression of miR-143 and miR-145. This suggests a correlation between miRNA expression and tissue differentiation. Using miRNA array analyses for age-matched normal cervix and cervical cancer tissues, in combination with northern blot verification, we identified significantly deregulated miRNAs in cervical cancer tissues, with miR-126, miR-143, and miR-145 downregulation and miR-15b, miR-16, miR-146a, and miR-155 upregulation. Functional studies showed that both miR-143 and miR-145 are suppressive to cell growth. When introduced into cell lines, miR-146a was found to promote cell proliferation. Collectively, our data indicate that downregulation of miR-143 and miR-145 and upregulation of miR-146a play a role in cervical carcinogenesis."	0
"Title: miR-125b acts as a tumor suppressor in breast tumorigenesis via its novel direct targets ENPEP, CK2-?, CCNJ, and MEGF9. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in diverse biological processes and are emerging as key regulators of tumorigenesis and tumor progression. To explore the dysregulation of miRNAs in breast cancer, a genome-wide expression profiling of 939 miRNAs was performed in 50 breast cancer patients. A total of 35 miRNAs were aberrantly expressed between breast cancer tissue and adjacent normal breast tissue and several novel miRNAs were identified as potential oncogenes or tumor suppressor miRNAs in breast tumorigenesis. miR-125b exhibited the largest decrease in expression. Enforced miR-125b expression in mammary cells decreased cell proliferation by inducing G2/M cell cycle arrest and reduced anchorage-independent cell growth of cells of mammary origin. miR-125b was found to perform its tumor suppressor function via the direct targeting of the 3'-UTRs of ENPEP, CK2-?, CCNJ, and MEGF9 mRNAs. Silencing these miR-125b targets mimicked the biological effects of miR-125b overexpression, confirming that they are modulated by miR-125b. Analysis of ENPEP, CK2-?, CCNJ, and MEGF9 protein expression in breast cancer patients revealed that they were overexpressed in 56%, 40-56%, 20%, and 32% of the tumors, respectively. The expression of ENPEP and CK2-? was inversely correlated with miR-125b expression in breast tumors, indicating the relevance of these potential oncogenic proteins in breast cancer patients. Our results support a prognostic role for CK2-?, whose expression may help clinicians predict breast tumor aggressiveness. In particular, our results show that restoration of miR-125b expression or knockdown of ENPEP, CK2-?, CCNJ, or MEGF9 may provide novel approaches for the treatment of breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 inhibits migration and invasion of human non-small-cell lung cancer and its relative mechanism. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in many biological processes, including cancer development. Among those miRNAs, miR-143 shows tumor-suppressive activity in some human cancers. However, the function and mechanism of miR-143 in lung cancer cells remains unknown. Here we explored the role of miR-143 in lung cancer. Results: According to qRT-PCR, we found that miR-143 was notably down-regulated in 19 NSCLC tissues and 5 cell lines. In vitro experiments showed us that miR-143 could significantly suppress the migration and invasion of NSCLC cell lines while it had no effects on the growth of NSCLC cell lines, and in vivo metastasis assay showed the same results. Finally, we found that the mechanism of miR-143 inhibiting the migration and invasion of NSCLC might be through targeting CD44v3. Conclusions: The up-regulated miR-143 in lung cancer could significantly inhibit cell migration and invasion, and this might work through targeting CD44v3, which was newly identified by us."	0
"Title: miR-145-5p Suppresses Tumor Cell Migration, Invasion and Epithelial to Mesenchymal Transition by Regulating the Sp1/NF-?B Signaling Pathway in Esophageal Squamous Cell Carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in the progression of human cancer. Although previous reports have shown that miR-145-5p is down-regulated in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), the roles and mechanisms of down-regulation of miR-145-5p in ESCC are still largely unknown. Using microRNA microarray and Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) datasets, we confirmed that miR-145-5p was down-regulated in ESCC tissues. In vitro assays revealed that ectopic miR-145-5p expression repressed cell proliferation, migration, invasion and epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT). miR-145-5p also reduced the expressions of cell cycle genes including cyclin A2 (CCNA2), cyclin D1 (CCND1) and cyclin E1 (CCNE1), the EMT-associated transcription factor Slug, and matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) includingMMP2,MMP7andMMP13. Furthermore, miR-145-5p mimics reduced candidate target gene specificity protein 1 (Sp1) and nuclear factor ? B (NF-?B) (p65) both in mRNA and protein levels. Knockdown ofSp1phenocopied the effects of miR-145-5p overexpression on cell cycle regulators, EMT and the expression ofNF-?B(p65). Importantly, inhibition of theNF-?Bsignaling pathway or knockdown ofNF-?B(p65) phenocopied the effects of miR-145-5p on the migration, invasion and EMT of ESCC cells. In conclusion, our results suggested that miR-145-5p plays tumor-suppressive roles by inhibiting esophageal cancer cell migration, invasion and EMT through regulating theSp1/NF-?Bsignaling pathway."	0
"Title: Regulation of ovarian cancer progression by microRNA-187 through targeting Disabled homolog-2. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in tumorigenesis by regulating oncogenes and tumor-suppressor genes. In this study, miR-187 and miR-200a were found to be expressed at higher levels in ovarian cancers than in benign tumors. In patients with ovarian cancer, however, higher levels of miR-187 and miR-200a expression were paradoxically associated with better OS and recurrence-free survival. Further, multivariate analysis showed that miR-187 served as an independent prognostic factor for patients with ovarian cancer (n=176). Computational prediction and microarray results indicated that miR-187 directly targeted Disabled homolog-2 (Dab2), and luciferase reporter assays confirmed that the target site of miR-187 was located at the 3'-UTR of the Dab2 gene. Generally considered as a tumor-suppressor gene, Dab2 may actually promote tumor progression in advanced cancers through epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Ectopic expression of miR-187 in cancer cells promoted cell proliferation, but continued overexpression of miR-187 suppressed Dab2 and inhibited migration. Suppression of miR-187 upregulated Dab2, which, by inhibiting E-cadherin levels while stimulating vimentin and phospho-FAK levels, promoted EMT. Reduced ovarian cancer Dab2 histoscores correlated with high miR-187 levels and improved outcomes of patients. Collectively, these results demonstrate distinct dual roles of Dab2 in cell proliferation and tumor progression. In the initial steps of tumorigenesis, upregulated miR-187 suppresses Dab2, promoting cell proliferation. During the later stages, however, continued increased levels of miR-187 inhibits the Dab2-dependent EMT that is associated with tumor invasiveness, which is presumed to be the reason why cancers with high miR-187 levels were associated with better survivals."	0
"Title: Development of microRNA therapeutics is coming of age. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play key regulatory roles in diverse biological processes and are frequently dysregulated in human diseases. Thus, miRNAs have emerged as a class of promising targets for therapeutic intervention. Here, we describe the current strategies for therapeutic modulation of miRNAs and provide an update on the development of miRNA-based therapeutics for the treatment of cancer, cardiovascular disease and hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection."	0
"Title: miR-30a suppresses cell migration and invasion through downregulation of PIK3CD in colorectal carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play key roles in tumor metastasis. The aim of this study was to determine the regulation and function of miR-30a in colorectal carcinoma (CRC) metastasis. Methods: The expression of miR-30a was detected in CRC cell lines and samples by qRT-PCR. The anti-metastatic effect of miR-30a was determined by both in vitro and in vivo assays. A luciferase reporter assay was performed to determine target association between miR-30a and phosphoinositide 3-kinase catalytic subunit delta (PIK3CD). Results: miR-30a was significantly downregulated in highly metastatic CRC cell lines and metastatic tissues. Overexpression of miR-30a suppressed CRC cell migration and invasion in vitro and liver metastasis in vivo, whereas miR-30a deletion dramatically promoted cell migration and invasion. Further studies revealed that PIK3CD is a direct target of miR-30a as miR-30a bounds directly to the 3'-UTR of PIK3CD, subsequently reducing its expression. Similar to the restoring miR-30a expression, PIK3CD downregulation inhibited cell migration and invasion, whereas PIK3CD overexpression rescued the suppressive effect of miR-30a. Moreover, significant downregulation of miR-30a in metastatic CRC tissues was found to be inversely correlated with PIK3CD expression. Mechanistic studies revealed that miR-30a down-regulated the expression of key components of the Akt/mTOR pathway, whereas PIK3CD overexpression reversed this negative effect. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that miR-30a might function as a metastasis suppressor in CRC. miR-30a may be a potential therapeutic target to block CRC metastasis."	0
"Title: Noncanonical microRNA (miRNA) biogenesis gives rise to retroviral mimics of lymphoproliferative and immunosuppressive host miRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play regulatory roles in diverse processes in both eukaryotic hosts and their viruses, yet fundamental questions remain about which viruses code for miRNAs and the functions that they serve. Simian foamy viruses (SFVs) of Old World monkeys and apes can zoonotically infect humans and, by ill-defined mechanisms, take up lifelong infections in their hosts. Here, we report that SFVs encode multiple miRNAs via a noncanonical mode of biogenesis. The primary SFV miRNA transcripts (pri-miRNAs) are transcribed by RNA polymerase III (RNAP III) and take multiple forms, including some that are cleaved by Drosha. However, these miRNAs are generated in a context-dependent fashion, as longer RNAP II transcripts spanning this region are resistant to Drosha cleavage. This suggests that the virus may avoid any fitness penalty that could be associated with viral genome/transcript cleavage. Two SFV miRNAs share sequence similarity and functionality with notable host miRNAs, the lymphoproliferative miRNA miR-155 and the innate immunity suppressor miR-132. These results have important implications regarding foamy virus biology, viral miRNAs, and the development of retroviral-based vectors. IMPORTANCE Fundamental questions remain about which viruses encode miRNAs and their associated functions. Currently, few natural viruses with RNA genomes have been reported to encode miRNAs. Simian foamy viruses are retroviruses that are prevalent in nonhuman host populations, and some can zoonotically infect humans who hunt primates or work as animal caretakers. We identify a cluster of miRNAs encoded by SFV. Characterization of these miRNAs reveals evolutionarily conserved, unconventional mechanisms to generate small RNAs. Several SFV miRNAs share sequence similarity and functionality with host miRNAs, including the oncogenic miRNA miR-155 and innate immunity suppressor miR-132. Strikingly, unrelated herpesviruses also tap into one or both of these same regulatory pathways, implying relevance to a broad range of viruses. These findings provide new insights with respect to foamy virus biology and vectorology."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-613 inhibited ovarian cancer cell proliferation and invasion by regulating KRAS. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play several important roles in carcinogenesis, and the dysregulation of miRNAs is associated with cancer progression. Little is known about the role of miR-613 in ovarian cancer. In the present study, we demonstrate that miR-613 expression is downregulated in human ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues. Additionally, miR-613 overexpression suppressed ovarian cancer cell proliferation, colony formation, and invasion. Furthermore, KRAS was identified as a target of miR-613. Reintroducing KRAS rescued the inhibitory effects exerted by miR-613 on ovarian cancer cell proliferation and invasion. Taken together, our findings suggest that miR-613 functions as a candidate tumor suppressor miRNA in ovarian cancer by directly targeting KRAS. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study to show that miR-613 affects the proliferation and invasion of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA therapeutics. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) provide new therapeutic targets for many diseases, while their myriad roles in development and cellular processes make them fascinating to study. We still do not fully understand the molecular mechanisms by which miRNAs regulate gene expression nor do we know the complete repertoire of mRNAs each miRNA regulates. However, recent progress in the development of effective strategies to block miRNAs suggests that anti-miRNA drugs may soon be used in the clinic."	0
"Title: The oncogenic microRNA miR-21 promotes regulated necrosis in mice. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate apoptosis, yet their role in regulated necrosis remains unknown. miR-21 is overexpressed in nearly all human cancer types and its role as an oncogene is suggested to largely depend on its anti-apoptotic action. Here we show that miR-21 is overexpressed in a murine model of acute pancreatitis, a pathologic condition involving RIP3-dependent regulated necrosis (necroptosis). Therefore, we investigate the role of miR-21 in acute pancreatitis injury and necroptosis. miR-21 deficiency protects against caerulein- or L-arginine-induced acute pancreatitis in mice. miR-21 inhibition using locked-nucleic-acid-modified oligonucleotide effectively reduces pancreatitis severity. miR-21 deletion is also protective in tumour necrosis factor-induced systemic inflammatory response syndrome. These data suggest that miRNAs are critical participants in necroptosis and miR-21 enhances cellular necrosis by negatively regulating tumour suppressor genes associated with the death-receptor-mediated intrinsic apoptosis pathway, and could be a therapeutic target for preventing pathologic necrosis."	0
"Title: Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor ?-mediated induction of microRNA-145 opposes tumor phenotype in colorectal cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate diverse biological processes by inhibiting translation or inducing degradation of target mRNAs. miR-145 is a candidate tumor suppressor in colorectal carcinoma (CRC). Colorectal carcinogenesis involves deregulation of cellular processes controlled by a number of intertwined chief transcription factors, such as PPAR? and SOX9. Since PPAR family members are able to modulate complex miRNAs networks, we hypothesized a role of miRNA-145 in the interaction between PPAR? and SOX9 in colorectal carcinogenesis. To address this issue, we evaluated gene expression in tissue specimens of CRC patients and we took advantage of invitro models represented by CRC derived cell lines (CaCo2, SW480, HCT116, and HT-29), employing PPAR? activation and/or miRNA-145 ectopic overexpression to analyze how their interplay impact the expression of SOX9 and the development of a malignant phenotype. PPAR? regulates the expression of miR-145 by directly binding to a PPAR response element (PPRE) in its promoter at -1207/-1194bp from the transcription start site. The binding is essential for miR-145 upregulation by PPAR? upon rosiglitazone treatment. Ectopic expression of miR-145, in turn, regulates SOX9 expression through the binding to specific seed motifs. The PPAR?-miR-145-SOX9 axis overarches cell cycle progression, invasiveness and differentiation of CRC derived cell lines. Together, these results suggest that miR-145 is a novel target of PPAR?, acts as a tumor suppressor in CRC cell lines and is a key regulator of intestinal cell differentiation by directly targeting SOX9, a marker of undifferentiated progenitors in the colonic crypts."	0
"Title: miRNA repression of translation in vitro takes place during 43S ribosomal scanning. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression at multiple levels by repressing translation, stimulating deadenylation and inducing the premature decay of target messenger RNAs (mRNAs). Although the mechanism by which miRNAs repress translation has been widely studied, the precise step targeted and the molecular insights of such repression are still evasive. Here, we have used our newly designed in vitro system, which allows to study miRNA effect on translation independently of deadenylation. By using specific inhibitors of various stages of protein synthesis, we first show that miRNAs target exclusively the early steps of translation with no effect on 60S ribosomal subunit joining, elongation or termination. Then, by using viral proteases and IRES-driven mRNA constructs, we found that translational inhibition takes place during 43S ribosomal scanning and requires both the poly(A) binding protein and eIF4G independently from their physical interaction."	0
"Title: Evidence that microRNAs are associated with translating messenger RNAs in human cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally by binding the 3' untranslated regions of target mRNAs. We examined the subcellular distribution of three miRNAs in exponentially growing HeLa cells and found that the vast majority are associated with mRNAs in polysomes. Several lines of evidence indicate that most of these mRNAs, including a known miRNA-regulated target (KRAS mRNA), are actively being translated."	0
"Title: Follicle-stimulating hormone regulation of microRNA expression on progesterone production in cultured rat granulosa cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally by interacting with the 3' untranslated regions of their target mRNAs. Previously, miRNAs have been shown to regulate genes involved in cell growth, apoptosis, and differentiation, but their role in ovarian granulosa cell follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH)-stimulated steroidogenesis is unclear. Here we show that expression of 31 miRNAs is altered during FSH-mediated progesterone secretion of cultured granulosa cells. Specifically, 12 h after FSH treatment, miRNAs mir-29a and mir-30d were significantly down-regulated. However, their expression increased after 48 h. Bioinformatic analysis used to predict potential targets of mir-29a and mir-30d revealed a wide array of potential mRNA target genes, including those encoding genes involved in multiple signaling pathways. Taken together, our results pointed to a novel mechanism for the pleiotropic effects of FSH."	0
"Title: miRNA-mediated gene silencing by translational repression followed by mRNA deadenylation and decay. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) regulate gene expression through translational repression and/or messenger RNA (mRNA) deadenylation and decay. Because translation, deadenylation, and decay are closely linked processes, it is important to establish their ordering and thus to define the molecular mechanism of silencing. We have investigated the kinetics of these events in miRNA-mediated gene silencing by using a Drosophila S2 cell-based controllable expression system and show that mRNAs with both natural and engineered 3' untranslated regions with miRNA target sites are first subject to translational inhibition, followed by effects on deadenylation and decay. We next used a natural translational elongation stall to show that miRNA-mediated silencing inhibits translation at an early step, potentially translation initiation."	0
"Title: MiR181c inhibits ovarian cancer metastasis and progression by targeting PRKCD expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate many important cancer related gene expression in the posttranscriptional process. Dysregulated expression of miRNAs has been observed in numerous human cancers including ovarian cancer. In this study, we found that the expression of the miR-181c was significantly decreased in ovarian cancer tissue and in tissues with lymph node metastasis when compared with their control samples, respectively. Moreover, among pathological stages, the expression of miR-181c was significantly decreased in the tissues with IV stage compared with other stages. In vitro, miR-181c significantly inhibited the proliferation, metastasis of A2780 cell line, and induced G1 phase arrest. Through bioinformatics prediction, protein kinase C delta (PRKCD) was identified as a target gene of miR-181c. Western blot results showed that PRKCD was increased in ovarian cancer tissue, in tissues with lymph node metastasis and IV stage of ovarian cancer pathological samples. After knocking down PRKCD, the cell cycle of A2780 cells was also arrested in G1 phase. The proliferation and the metastasis of A2780 cells were reduced. The dual luciferase reporter experiments showed that miR-181c regulated the expression of PRKCD by combining with its 3'UTR. These results indicate that miR-181c inhibits ovarian cancer metastasis and progression by targeting PRKCD expression."	0
"Title: Kinetic analysis reveals successive steps leading to miRNA-mediated silencing in mammalian cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate most cellular functions, acting by posttranscriptionally repressing numerous eukaryotic mRNAs. They lead to translational repression, deadenylation and degradation of their target mRNAs. Yet, the relative contributions of these effects are controversial and little is known about the sequence of events occurring during the miRNA-induced response. Using stable human cell lines expressing inducible reporters, we found that translational repression is the dominant effect of miRNAs on newly synthesized targets. This step is followed by mRNA deadenylation and decay, which is the dominant effect at steady state. Our findings have important implications for understanding the mechanism of silencing and reconcile seemingly contradictory data."	0
"Title: Identification of novel microRNA signatures linked to human lupus disease activity and pathogenesis: miR-21 regulates aberrant T cell responses through regulation of PDCD4 expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) regulate the expression of genes involved in immune activation. A study was undertaken to characterise the miRNA signature and identify novel genes involved in the regulation of immune responses in systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: The expression of 365 miRNAs in peripheral blood mononuclear cells of patients with SLE and healthy controls was analysed using TaqMan Low Density Arrays. The results were validated by quantitative real-time PCR and potential target genes were identified using prediction analysis software. The effect of miR-21 on T cell function was assessed by transfection with antago-miR-21 or pre-miR-21. Results: A 27-miRNA signature was identified in patients with SLE; 19 miRNAs correlated with disease activity. Eight miRNAs were deregulated specifically in T cells and four miRNAs in B cells. miR-21 was upregulated and strongly correlated with SLE disease activity (r(2)=0.92). Compared with controls, CD4 T lymphocytes from patients with SLE had higher basal and activation-induced miR-21 expression. Silencing of miR-21 reversed the activated phenotype of T cells from patients with SLE--namely, enhanced proliferation, interleukin 10 production, CD40L expression and their capacity to drive B cell maturation into Ig-secreting CD19+CD38(hi)IgD-(plasma cells. Overexpression of mMiR-21 in normal T cells led to acquisition of an activated phenotype. Investigation of putative gene- targets showed that PDCD4 (a selective protein translation inhibitor) was suppressed by miR-21 and its expression was decreased in active SLE. Conclusions: miRNAs represent potential biomarkers in SLE as their expression reflects underlying pathogenic processes and correlates with disease activity. Upregulated miR-21 affects PDCD4 expression and regulates aberrant T cell responses in human SLE."	0
"Title: New microRNAs from mouse and human. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) represent a new class of noncoding RNAs encoded in the genomes of plants, invertebrates, and vertebrates. MicroRNAs regulate translation and stability of target mRNAs based on (partial) sequence complementarity. Although the number of newly identified miRNAs is still increasing, target mRNAs of animal miRNAs remain to be identified. Here we describe 31 novel miRNAs that were identified by cloning from mouse tissues and the human Saos-2 cell line. Fifty-three percent of all known mouse and human miRNAs have homologs in Fugu rubripes (pufferfish) or Danio rerio (zebrafish), of which almost half also have a homolog in Caenorhabditis elegans or Drosophila melanogaster. Because of the recurring identification of already known miRNAs and the unavoidable background of ribosomal RNA breakdown products, it is believed that not many more miRNAs may be identified by cloning. A comprehensive collection of miRNAs is important for assisting bioinformatics target mRNA identification and comprehensive genome annotation."	0
"Title: miR-126 inhibits non-small cell lung cancer cells proliferation by targeting EGFL7. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) represent an abundant group of small non-coding RNAs that regulate gene expression, and have been demonstrated to play roles as tumor suppressor genes (oncogenes), and affect homeostatic processes such as development, cell proliferation, and cell death. Subsequently, epidermal growth factor-like domain 7 (EGFL7), which is confirmed to be involved in cellular responses such as cell migration and blood vessel formation, is identified as a potential miR-126 target by bioinformatics. However, there is still no evidence showing EGFL7's relationship with miR-126 and the proliferation of lung cancer cells. The aim of this work is to investigate whether miR-126, together with EGFL7, have an effect on non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) cells' proliferation. Therefore, we constructed overexpressed miR-126 plasmid to target EGFL7 and transfected them into NSCLC cell line A549 cells. Then, we used methods like quantitative RT-PCR, Western blot, flow cytometry assay, and immunohistochemistry staining to confirm our findings. The result was that overexpression of miR-126 in A549 cells could increase EGFL7 expression. Furthermore, the most notable finding by cell proliferation related assays is that miR-126 can inhibit A549 cells proliferation in vitro and inhibit tumor growth in vivo by targeting EGFL7. As a result, our study demonstrates that miR-126 can inhibit proliferation of non-small cell lung cancer cells through one of its targets, EGFL7."	0
"Title: The shaping and functional consequences of the microRNA landscape in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) show differential expression across breast cancer subtypes, and have both oncogenic and tumour-suppressive roles. Here we report the miRNA expression profiles of 1,302 breast tumours with matching detailed clinical annotation, long-term follow-up and genomic and messenger RNA expression data. This provides a comprehensive overview of the quantity, distribution and variation of the miRNA population and provides information on the extent to which genomic, transcriptional and post-transcriptional events contribute to miRNA expression architecture, suggesting an important role for post-transcriptional regulation. The key clinical parameters and cellular pathways related to the miRNA landscape are characterized, revealing context-dependent interactions, for example with regards to cell adhesion and Wnt signalling. Notably, only prognostic miRNA signatures derived from breast tumours devoid of somatic copy-number aberrations (CNA-devoid) are consistently prognostic across several other subtypes and can be validated in external cohorts. We then use a data-driven approach to seek the effects of miRNAs associated with differential co-expression of mRNAs, and find that miRNAs act as modulators of mRNA-mRNA interactions rather than as on-off molecular switches. We demonstrate such an important modulatory role for miRNAs in the biology of CNA-devoid breast cancers, a common subtype in which the immune response is prominent. These findings represent a new framework for studying the biology of miRNAs in human breast cancer."	0
"Title: GW182 interaction with Argonaute is essential for miRNA-mediated translational repression and mRNA decay. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) silence gene expression by binding 3' untranslated regions of target mRNAs. Recent studies suggested silencing is achieved through either recruitment of eIF6, which prevents ribosome assembly, or displacement of eIF4E from the mRNA 5' cap structure. Using Drosophila melanogaster cells, we show that eIF6 is not required for silencing. In contrast, silencing is abolished by mutating Argonaute 1 (AGO1) at two conserved phenylalanine residues predicted to mediate binding to the cap structure. Notably, we found these mutations also prevented AGO1 from interacting with GW182 and miRNAs, indicating that the essential role of these residues is unrelated to cap binding. Consistently, depleting GW182 or overexpressing its AGO1 binding domain relieved silencing of all reporters tested, including those lacking a poly(A) tail. Together, our findings show that miRNA function is effected by AGO1-GW182 complexes and the role of GW182 in silencing goes beyond promoting deadenylation."	0
"Title: Exosomal miR-1290 is a potential biomarker of high-grade serous ovarian carcinoma and can discriminate patients from those with malignancies of other histological types. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs) stably exist in circulating blood encapsulated in extracellular vesicles such as exosomes; therefore, serum miRNAs have the potential to serve as novel cancer biomarkers. New diagnostic markers to detect high grade serous ovarian cancer (HGSOC) are urgently needed. The aim of this study was to identify miRNAs specific to HGSOC and analyze whether serum miRNA can discriminate HGSOC patients from healthy controls or patients with ovarian malignancies of other histological types. Methods: Exosomes from ovarian cancer cell lines were collected and exosomal miRNAs extracted. miRNA microarray analysis revealed several elevated miRNAs specific to HGSOC. Among these, we focused on miR-1290. Sera from 70 ovarian cancer patients and 13 healthy controls were gathered and its expression levels detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Results: In HGSOC patients, serum miR-1290 was significantly overexpressed compared to in healthy controls (3.52 fold; P = 0.03), unlike in patients with ovarian cancers of other histological types. The relative expression of miR-1290 was higher in advanced stages of HGSOC than in early stages (4.23 vs. 1.58; P = 0.23). Its expression significantly decreased after operation (5.87 to 1.17; P < 0.01), indicating that this miRNA reflects tumor burden. A receiver operating characteristic curve analysis showed that at the cut-off of 1.20, the sensitivity and specificity were 63% and 85% respectively for discriminating patients with HGSOC (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.71) from healthy controls, and at the cut-off of 1.55, the sensitivity and specificity were 47% and 85% respectively for discriminating patients with HGSOC (AUC = 0.76) from those with malignancies of other histological types. Conclusions: Serum miR-1290 is significantly elevated in patients with HGSOC and can be used to discriminate these patients from those with malignancies of other histological types; it is a new potential diagnostic biomarker for HGSOC."	0
"Title: CCAR1 5' UTR as a natural miRancer of miR-1254 overrides tamoxifen resistance. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs) typically bind to unstructured miRNA-binding sites in target RNAs, leading to a mutual repression of expression. Here, we report that miR-1254 interacts with structured elements in cell cycle and apoptosis regulator 1 (CCAR1) 5' untranslated region (UTR) and this interaction enhances the stability of both molecules. miR-1254 can also act as a repressor when binding to unstructured sites in its targets. Interestingly, structured miR-1254-targeting sites act as both a functional RNA motif-sensing unit, and an independent RNA functional unit that enhances miR-1254 expression. Artificially designed miRNA enhancers, termed ""miRancers"", can stabilize and enhance the activity of miRNAs of interest. We further demonstrate that CCAR1 5' UTR as a natural miRancer of endogenous miR-1254 re-sensitizes tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer cells to tamoxifen. Thus, our study presents a novel model of miRNA function, wherein highly structured miRancer-like motif-containing RNA fragments or miRancer molecules specifically interact with miRNAs, leading to reciprocal stabilization."	0
"Title: The cluster of miR-143 and miR-145 affects the risk for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma through co-regulating fascin homolog 1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), 18-24 nt non-coding RNAs, are thought to play important roles in cell proliferation, differentiation, apoptosis, and development. Recent studies suggest that some of the known microRNAs map to a single genomic locale within a single polycistronic transcript. But the roles of the cluster remain to be known. In order to understand the role and mechanism of a cluster of miR-143 and miR-145 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), the association of mature miR-143 and miR-145 expression with the risk for esophageal cancer was evaluated in ESCC patients with a case-control study, and target protein regulated by mature miRNA was analyzed in ESCC cell lines with 3'UTR luciferase reporter assay. The expression levels of miR-143 and miR-145 were determined in 110 pairs of esophageal cancer tissues and adjacent normal tissues using real-time reverse transcription PCR. The relative expression of miR-143 and miR-145 were statistically different between cancer tissues and matched controls. The combined expression of miR-143 and miR-145 was significantly associated with the risk for esophageal cancer. Meanwhile, the reduced expression of two miRNAs in tumor patient was supposed to have a trend of lymph node metastases. The co-expression pattern of miR-143 and miR-145 was analyzed with Pearson correlation. It showed a significant correlation between these two miRNAs expression both in tissues and tumor cell lines. 3'UTR luciferase reporter assay indicated that Fascin Homolog 1 (FSCN1) could be co-regulated by miR-143 and miR-145. The protein level of FSCN1 showed no significant linear correlation with miR-143 and miR-145 expression in ESCC cell lines with Western blotting analysis. In conclusion, since miR-143 and miR-145 could regulate oncogenic FSCN1 and take part in the modulation of metastases, the result suggested the combination variable of miR-143 and miR-145 as a potential biomarker for earlier diagnosis and prognosis of esophageal cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiling of human breast cancer identifies new markers of tumor subtype. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a class of short non-coding RNAs found in many plants and animals, often act post-transcriptionally to inhibit gene expression. Results: Here we report the analysis of miRNA expression in 93 primary human breast tumors, using a bead-based flow cytometric miRNA expression profiling method. Of 309 human miRNAs assayed, we identify 133 miRNAs expressed in human breast and breast tumors. We used mRNA expression profiling to classify the breast tumors as luminal A, luminal B, basal-like, HER2+ and normal-like. A number of miRNAs are differentially expressed between these molecular tumor subtypes and individual miRNAs are associated with clinicopathological factors. Furthermore, we find that miRNAs could classify basal versus luminal tumor subtypes in an independent data set. In some cases, changes in miRNA expression correlate with genomic loss or gain; in others, changes in miRNA expression are likely due to changes in primary transcription and or miRNA biogenesis. Finally, the expression of DICER1 and AGO2 is correlated with tumor subtype and may explain some of the changes in miRNA expression observed. Conclusion: This study represents the first integrated analysis of miRNA expression, mRNA expression and genomic changes in human breast cancer and may serve as a basis for functional studies of the role of miRNAs in the etiology of breast cancer. Furthermore, we demonstrate that bead-based flow cytometric miRNA expression profiling might be a suitable platform to classify breast cancer into prognostic molecular subtypes."	0
"Title: Plasma and synovial fluid microRNAs as potential biomarkers of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), endogenous small noncoding RNAs regulating the activities of target mRNAs and cellular processes, are present in human plasma in a stable form. In this study, we investigated whether miRNAs are also stably present in synovial fluids and whether plasma and synovial fluid miRNAs could be biomarkers of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and osteoarthritis (OA). Methods: We measured concentrations of miR-16, miR-132, miR-146a, miR-155 and miR-223 in synovial fluid from patients with RA and OA, and those in plasma from RA, OA and healthy controls (HCs) by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. Furthermore, miRNAs in the conditioned medium of synovial tissues, monolayer fibroblast-like synoviocytes, and mononuclear cells were examined. Correlations between miRNAs and biomarkers or disease activities of RA were statistically examined. Results: Synovial fluid miRNAs were present and as stable as plasma miRNAs for storage at -20 degrees C and freeze-thawing from -20 degrees C to 4 degrees C. In RA and OA, synovial fluid concentrations of miR-16, miR-132, miR-146a, and miR-223 were significantly lower than their plasma concentrations, and there were no correlation between plasma and synovial fluid miRNAs. Interestingly, synovial tissues, fibroblast-like synoviocytes, and mononuclear cells secreted miRNAs in distinct patterns. The expression patterns of miRNAs in synovial fluid of OA were similar to miRNAs secreted by synovial tissues. Synovial fluid miRNAs of RA were likely to originate from synovial tissues and infiltrating cells. Plasma miR-132 of HC was significantly higher than that of RA or OA with high diagnosability. Synovial fluid concentrations of miR-16, miR-146a miR-155 and miR-223 of RA were significantly higher than those of OA. Plasma miRNAs or ratio of synovial fluid miRNAs to plasma miRNAs, including miR-16 and miR-146a, significantly correlated with tender joint counts and 28-joint Disease Activity Score. Conclusions: Plasma miRNAs had distinct patterns from synovial fluid miRNAs, which appeared to originate from synovial tissue. Plasma miR-132 well differentiated HCs from patients with RA or OA, while synovial fluid miRNAs differentiated RA and OA. Furthermore, plasma miRNAs correlated with the disease activities of RA. Thus, synovial fluid and plasma miRNAs have potential as diagnostic biomarkers for RA and OA and as a tool for the analysis of their pathogenesis."	0
"Title: miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b: Tumor-suppressive miRNAs target FSCN1 in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), noncoding RNAs 21-25 nucleotides in length, regulate gene expression primarily at the posttranscriptional level. Growing evidence suggests that miRNAs are aberrantly expressed in many human cancers, and that they play significant roles in carcinogenesis and cancer progression. A search for miRNAs with a tumor-suppressive function in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) was performed using the miRNA expression signatures obtained from ESCC clinical specimens. A subset of 15 miRNAs was significantly downregulated in ESCC. A comparison of miRNA signatures from ESCC and our previous report identified 4 miRNAs that are downregulated in common (miR-145, miR-30a-3p, miR-133a and miR-133b), suggesting that these miRNAs are candidate tumor suppressors. Gain-of-function analysis revealed that 3 transfectants (miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b) inhibit cell proliferation and cell invasion in ESCC cells. These miRNAs (miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b), which have conserved sequences in the 3'UTR of FSCN1 (actin-binding protein, Fascin homolog 1), inhibited FSCN1 expression. The signal from a luciferase reporter assay was significantly decreased at 2 miR-145 target sites and 1 miR-133a/b site, suggesting both miRNAs directly regulate FSCN1. An FSCN1 loss-of-function assay found significant cell growth and invasion inhibition, implying an FSCN1 is associated with ESCC carcinogenesis. The identification of tumor-suppressive miRNAs, miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b, directly control oncogenic FSCN1 gene. These signal pathways of ESCC could provide new insights into potential mechanisms of ESCC carcinogenesis."	0
"Title: Suppression of LPS-induced Interferon-gamma and nitric oxide in splenic lymphocytes by select estrogen-regulated microRNAs: a novel mechanism of immune modulation. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), recently identified noncoding small RNAs, are emerging as key regulators in homeostasis of the immune system. Therefore, aberrant expression of miRNAs may be linked to immune dysfunction, such as in chronic inflammation and autoimmunity. In this study, we investigated the potential role of miRNAs in estrogen-mediated regulation of innate immune responses, as indicated by up-regulation of lipopolysaccharide (LPS)-induced interferon-gamma (IFNgamma), inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS), and nitric oxide in splenic lymphocytes from estrogen-treated mice. We found that miR-146a, a negative regulator of Toll-like receptor (TLR) signaling, was decreased in freshly isolated splenic lymphocytes from estrogen-treated mice compared with placebo controls. Increasing the activity of miR-146a significantly inhibited LPS-induced IFNgamma and iNOS expression in mouse splenic lymphocytes. Further, miRNA microarray and real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis revealed that estrogen selectively up-regulates/down-regulates the expression of miRNAs in mouse splenic lymphocytes. miR-223, which is markedly enhanced by estrogen, regulates LPS-induced IFNgamma, but not iNOS or nitric oxide in splenic lymphocytes. Inhibition of miR-223 activity decreased LPS-induced IFNgamma in splenic lymphocytes from estrogen-treated mice. Our data are the first to demonstrate the selective regulation of miRNA expression in immune cells by estrogen and are indicative of an important role of miRNAs in estrogen-mediated immune regulation."	0
"Title: Role of microRNAs in stem/progenitor cells and cardiovascular repair. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), small non-coding RNAs, play a critical role in differentiation and self-renewal of pluripotent stem cells, as well as in differentiation of cardiovascular lineage cells. Several miRNAs have been demonstrated to repress stemness factors such as Oct4, Nanog, Sox2 and Klf4 in embryonic stem cells, thereby promoting embryonic stem cell differentiation. Furthermore, targeting of different miRNAs promotes reprogramming towards induced pluripotent stem cells. MicroRNAs are critical for vascular smooth muscle cell differentiation and phenotype regulation, and miR-143 and miR-145 play a particularly important role in this respect. Notably, these miRNAs are down-regulated in several cardiovascular disease states, such as in atherosclerotic lesions and vascular neointima formation. MicroRNAs are critical regulators of endothelial cell differentiation and ischaemia-induced neovascularization. miR-126 is important for vascular integrity, endothelial cell proliferation and neovascularization. miR-1 and miR-133 are highly expressed in cardiomyocytes and their precursors and regulate cardiomyogenesis. In addition, miR-499 promotes differentiation of cardiomyocyte progenitor cells. Notably, miRNA expression is altered in cardiovascular disease states, and recent studies suggest that dysregulated miRNAs may limit cardiovascular repair responses. Dysregulation of miRNAs may lead to an altered function and differentiation of cardiovascular progenitor cells, which is also likely to represent a limitation of autologous cell-based treatment approaches in these patients. These findings suggest that targeting of specific miRNAs may represent an interesting novel opportunity to impact on endogenous cardiovascular repair responses, including effects on stem/progenitor cell differentiation and functions. This approach may also serve to optimize cell-based treatment approaches in patients with cardiovascular disease."	0
"Title: miR-145 suppresses breast cancer cell migration by targeting FSCN-1 and inhibiting epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), small non-coding RNAs, regulate fundamental cellular and developmental processes such as cell growth, apoptosis, migration, and invasion. In our present study, we investigated the inhibitory role of miR-145 on breast cancer cell migration as well as its underlying mechanism. Wound healing assay and transwell migration assay showed that ectopic expression of miR-145 significantly inhibited breast cancer cell migration. Bioinformatics analysis revealed that FSCN-1 was a putative target of miR-145. The expression of FSCN-1 varied among four different breast cancer cells, and inversely correlated with miR-145 levels. Moreover, miR-145 mimic transfection enhanced the expression of FSCN-1 in Bcap-37 and HCC-1937 cells. We also found that siRNA- mediated down-regulation of FSCN-1 inhibited cell motility in breast cancer cells. In addition, we found that up-regulation of miR-145 blocked EMT and decreased the expression of MMP-2/9 in breast cancer cells. These results reveal a new link between miR-145, FSCN-1 and EMT in the regulation of breast cancer migration."	0
"Title: Restoration of tumor suppressor miR-34 inhibits human p53-mutant gastric cancer tumorspheres. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), some of which function as oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes, are involved in carcinogenesis via regulating cell proliferation and/or cell death. MicroRNA miR-34 was recently found to be a direct target of p53, functioning downstream of the p53 pathway as a tumor suppressor. miR-34 targets Notch, HMGA2, and Bcl-2, genes involved in the self-renewal and survival of cancer stem cells. The role of miR-34 in gastric cancer has not been reported previously. In this study, we examined the effects of miR-34 restoration on p53-mutant human gastric cancer cells and potential target gene expression. Methods: Human gastric cancer cells were transfected with miR-34 mimics or infected with the lentiviral miR-34-MIF expression system, and validated by miR-34 reporter assay using Bcl-2 3'UTR reporter. Potential target gene expression was assessed by Western blot for proteins, and by quantitative real-time RT-PCR for mRNAs. The effects of miR-34 restoration were assessed by cell growth assay, cell cycle analysis, caspase-3 activation, and cytotoxicity assay, as well as by tumorsphere formation and growth. Results: Human gastric cancer Kato III cells with miR-34 restoration reduced the expression of target genes Bcl-2, Notch, and HMGA2. Bcl-2 3'UTR reporter assay showed that the transfected miR-34s were functional and confirmed that Bcl-2 is a direct target of miR-34. Restoration of miR-34 chemosensitized Kato III cells with a high level of Bcl-2, but not MKN-45 cells with a low level of Bcl-2. miR-34 impaired cell growth, accumulated the cells in G1 phase, increased caspase-3 activation, and, more significantly, inhibited tumorsphere formation and growth. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate that in p53-deficient human gastric cancer cells, restoration of functional miR-34 inhibits cell growth and induces chemosensitization and apoptosis, indicating that miR-34 may restore p53 function. Restoration of miR-34 inhibits tumorsphere formation and growth, which is reported to be correlated to the self-renewal of cancer stem cells. The mechanism of miR-34-mediated suppression of self-renewal appears to be related to the direct modulation of downstream targets Bcl-2, Notch, and HMGA2, indicating that miR-34 may be involved in gastric cancer stem cell self-renewal/differentiation decision-making. Our study suggests that restoration of the tumor suppressor miR-34 may provide a novel molecular therapy for p53-mutant gastric cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-122, a tumor suppressor microRNA that regulates intrahepatic metastasis of hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), which are inhibitors of gene expression, participate in diverse biological functions and in carcinogenesis. In this study, we show that liver-specific microRNA-122 (miR-122) is significantly down-regulated in liver cancers with intrahepatic metastasis and negatively regulates tumorigenesis. Restoration of miR-122 in metastatic Mahlavu and SK-HEP-1 cells significantly reduced in vitro migration, invasion, and anchorage-independent growth as well as in vivo tumorigenesis, angiogenesis, and intrahepatic metastasis in an orthotopic liver cancer model. Because an inverse expression pattern is often present between an miRNA and its target genes, we used a computational approach and identified multiple miR-122 candidate target genes from two independent expression microarray datasets. Thirty-two target genes were empirically verified, and this group of genes was enriched with genes regulating cell movement, cell morphology, cell-cell signaling, and transcription. We further showed that one of the miR-122 targets, ADAM17 (a disintegrin and metalloprotease 17) is involved in metastasis. Silencing of ADAM17 resulted in a dramatic reduction of in vitro migration, invasion, in vivo tumorigenesis, angiogenesis, and local invasion in the livers of nude mice, which is similar to that which occurs with the restoration of miR-122. Our study suggests that miR-122, a tumor suppressor microRNA affecting hepatocellular carcinoma intrahepatic metastasis by angiogenesis suppression, exerts some of its action via regulation of ADAM17. Restoration of miR-122 has a far-reaching effect on the cell. Using the concomitant down-regulation of its targets, including ADAM17, a rational therapeutic strategy based on miR-122 may prove to be beneficial for patients with hepatocellular carcinoma."	0
"Title: MiR-139 inhibits invasion and metastasis of colorectal cancer by targeting the type I insulin-like growth factor receptor. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), which are noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression, are involved in tumor metastasis. In this study, we describe the down-regulation and function of miR-139 in colorectal cancer (CRC) metastasis. MiR-139 was found underexpressed in 34 CRC tissues compared to their corresponding nontumor tissues. Decreased miR-139 in CRC tissue was associated with disease progression and metastasis. Re-expression of miR-139 did not inhibit CRC cell growth but suppresses CRC cell metastasis and invasion in vitro and in vivo. MiR-139 might suppress CRC cells invasion and metastasis by targeting type I insulin-like growth factor receptor (IGF-IR). We also found miR-139 directed migration inactivation of human CRC cells involves down-regulation of matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2). The IGF-IR/MEK/ERK signaling was inhibited by miR-139 overexpression and then resulted in MMP-2 promoter suppression. Taken together, our results provide evidence that miR-139 might function as a metastasis suppressor in CRC. Targeting miR-139 may provide a strategy for blocking CRC metastasis."	0
"Title: Nuclear export of microRNA precursors. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), which function as regulators of gene expression in eukaryotes, are processed from larger transcripts by sequential action of nuclear and cytoplasmic ribonuclease III-like endonucleases. We show that Exportin-5 (Exp5) mediates efficient nuclear export of short miRNA precursors (pre-miRNAs) and that its depletion by RNA interference results in reduced miRNA levels. Exp5 binds correctly processed pre-miRNAs directly and specifically, in a Ran guanosine triphosphate-dependent manner, but interacts only weakly with extended pre-miRNAs that yield incorrect miRNAs when processed by Dicer in vitro. Thus, Exp5 is key to miRNA biogenesis and may help coordinate nuclear and cytoplasmic processing steps."	0
"Title: Clinically relevant microRNAs in ovarian cancer. Abstract: microRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) belong to a class of small noncoding RNAs that can negatively regulate messenger RNA (mRNA) expression of target genes. miRNAs are involved in multiple aspects of ovarian cancer cell dysfunction and the phenotype of ovarian cancer cells can be modified by targeting miRNA expression. miRNA profiling has detected a number of candidate miRNAs with the potential to regulate many important biologic functions in ovarian cancer, but their role still needs to be clarified, given the remarkable heterogeneity among ovarian cancers and the context-dependent role of miRNAs. This review summarizes the data collected from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and several other genome-wide projects to identify dysregulated miRNAs in ovarian cancers. Copy number variations (CNVs), epigenetic alterations, and oncogenic mutations are also discussed that affect miRNA levels in ovarian disease. Emphasis is given to the role of particular miRNAs in altering expression of genes in human ovarian cancers with the potential to provide diagnostic, prognostic, and therapeutic targets. Particular attention has been given to TP53, BRCA1/2, CA125 (MUC16), HE4 (WFDC2), and imprinted genes such as ARHI (DIRAS3). A better understanding of the abnormalities in miRNA expression and downstream transcriptional and biologic consequences will provide leads for more effective biomarkers and translational approaches in the management of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: miR-144 inhibits growth and metastasis of cervical cancer cells by targeting VEGFA and VEGFC. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are aberrantly expressed in various cancer types and have critical roles in their genesis and progression. miR-144 has been identified to be involved in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma and rectal cancer. However, the roles of miR-144 in cervical cancer and the underlying molecular mechanisms have remained elusive. The present study identified that miR-144 was significantly decreased in cervical cancer tissues compared with that in matched normal cervical tissues as well as in metastatic vs. non-metastatic cervical cancer tissues. miR-144 downregulation was significantly associated with the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage and lymph node metastasis. In a gain-of function study, miR-144 mimics were transfected into the Hela and C33A cervical cancer cell lines, which led to suppression of cell growth. In addition, overexpression of miR-144 inhibited the migration and invasion of Hela and C33A cells. Furthermore, a bioinformatics analysis identified vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) VEGFC as two novel target genes of miR-144. Of note, a dual luciferase reporter assay, reverse-transcription quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis and western blot analysis demonstrated that miR-144 repressed the expression of VEGFA and VEGFC by directly targeting to their 3'-untranslated region. Taken together, the results suggested that miR-144 acts as a tumor suppressor in the proliferation and metastasis of cervical cancer cells by directly targeting VEGFA and VEGFC, suggesting that miR-144 may be a novel promising diagnostic and therapeutic biomarker for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Altered expression of miR-152 and miR-148a in ovarian cancer is related to cell proliferation. Abstract: microRNAs (miRs) are endogenous small non-coding RNAs that are aberrantly expressed in various carcinomas. miR-152 and miR-148a have not been comprehensively investigated in ovarian cancer. Thus, the aim of this study was to identify the role of miR-152 and miR-148a in epithelial ovarian cancer. Total RNA was extracted from tissues of 78 patients with epithelial ovarian cancer, 17 normal ovarian epithelium tissues and two ovarian cancer cell lines. Using quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) followed by the 2-??CT method for calculating the results, we found that the expression levels of miR-152 were significantly decreased in ovarian cancer tissues compared to normal ovarian epithelium tissues (p<0.05). However, although the expression of miR-148a was also decreased in 65% of patients, no statistically significant difference in expression was found. A strong correlation was found between the expression of miR-152 and miR-148a (p<0.001, Pearson's correlation). The relationship between miR-152 or miR-148a expression levels in ovarian cancer and clinicopathological features, response to therapy and short-term survival was analyzed and the results showed that no correlation existed. In addition, we found that both miR-152 and miR-148a were down-regulated in ovarian cancer cell lines. After miR-152 or miR-148a mimics were transfected into ovarian cancer cell lines, the MTT cell proliferation assay showed that cell proliferation was significantly inhibited. Taken together, miR-152 and miR-148a may be involved in the carcinogenesis of ovarian cancer through deregulation of cell proliferation. They may be novel biomarkers for early detection or therapeutic targets of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: miR-30d Blocked Transforming Growth Factor ?1-Induced Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition by Targeting Snail in Ovarian Cancer Cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are essential regulators of gene expression by suppressing translation or causing degradation of target mRNA. Growing evidence sheds light on the crucial roles of miR dysregulation in cancer development and progression. In this study, we focused on the role of miR-30d in transforming growth factor ?1 (TGF-?1)-initiated epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in ovarian cancer cells. Methods: Transforming growth factor ?1 (10 ng/mL) was used to initiate EMT in SKOV3 and 3AO cells. The expression of miR-30 family members was determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Messenger RNA and protein levels of E-cadherin, N-cadherin, vimentin, and Snail were detected by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and Western blot, respectively. Cell migration and invasion capacities were evaluated by Transwell chamber assay. Luciferase activity assay was performed to verify the direct inhibition of Snail by miR-30d. Results: MiR-30b, MiR-30c, and MiR-30d were down-regulated during TGF-?1-induced EMT in SKOV3 and 3AO ovarian cancer cells. Restoration of miR-30d by miR-30d mimic reversed TGF-?1-induced EMT phenotypes including the morphological changes, expression pattern of molecular markers (E-cadherin, N-cadherin), and migratory and invasive capabilities in ovarian cancer cells. Furthermore, Snail was identified as the direct target of miR-30d. Conclusions: Our results revealed that miR-30d functioned as a suppressor of ovarian cancer progression by decreasing Snail expression and thus blocking TGF-?1-induced EMT process, suggesting the potentiality of miR-30d analogs to be used as therapeutics for ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs as blood-based markers for patients with primary and metastatic breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are interesting new diagnostic targets that may provide important insights into the molecular pathogenesis of breast cancer. Here we evaluated, for the first time, the feasibility and clinical utility of circulating miRs as biomarkers for the detection and staging of breast cancer. Methods: The relative concentrations of breast cancer-associated miR10b, miR34a, miR141 and miR155 were measured in the blood serum of 89 patients with primary breast cancer (M0, n = 59) and metastatic disease (M1, n = 30), and 29 healthy women by a TaqMan MicroRNA Assay. Results: The relative concentrations of total RNA (P = 0.0001) and miR155 (P = 0.0001) in serum significantly discriminated M0-patients from healthy women, whereas miR10b (P = 0.005), miR34a (P = 0.001) and miR155 (P = 0.008) discriminated M1-patients from healthy controls. In breast cancer patients, the changes in the levels of total RNA (P = 0.0001), miR10b (P = 0.01), miR34a (P = 0.003) and miR155 (P = 0.002) correlated with the presence of overt metastases. Within the M0-cohort, patients at advanced tumor stages (pT3 to 4) had significantly more total RNA (P = 0.0001) and miR34a (P = 0.01) in their blood than patients at early tumor stages (pT1 to 2). Conclusions: This pilot study provides first evidence that tumor-associated circulating miRs are elevated in the blood of breast cancer patients and associated with tumor progression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-503 and the extended microRNA-16 family in angiogenesis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are post-transcriptional inhibitory regulators of gene expression acting by direct binding to complementary messenger RNA (mRNA) transcripts. Recent studies have demonstrated that miRs are crucial determinants of endothelial cell behavior and angiogenesis. We have provided evidence of the prominent role of miR-503 in impairment of postischemic reparative angiogenesis in the setting of diabetes. Because miR-503 belongs to the miR-16 extended family of miRs, in this review, we describe the cardiovascular functions of miR-503 and other members of the miR-16 family and their impact on angiogenesis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA and cancer--focus on apoptosis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are small non-coding RNAs regulating gene expression at the post-transcriptional and/or translational levels. miRs play important roles in diverse biological processes, including development, cell differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis. Recent evidence has shown that miR loci frequently map to cancer-associated genomic regions and deregulated miR expression profiles are associated with many cancer types, implicating miRs in crucial processes that lead to tumourigenesis. Here, we review the current findings about miRs and tumourigenesis, focusing on their involvement in the apoptosis pathway. A significant observation is that greater than one-quarter of all known human miRs were reported to be deregulated in at least one cancer type. The expression of a subset of miRs (e.g. miR-21 and miR-155) was found to be consistently up-regulated, whereas another subset of miRs (e.g.miR-143 and miR-145) was consistently down-regulated across different cancer types suggesting their involvement in regulating common cellular processes whose deregulation may lead to tumourigenesis. Several miRs were implicated to play roles in cell proliferation and apoptosis. Some miRs, such as miR-29b and miR-15-16, influence only the apoptotic pathway, whereas others including let-7/miR-98 and miR-17-92 may play roles in both the apoptotic and cell-proliferation pathways. In conclusion, although our current understanding of the functions of miRs is still fragmentary, taken together, this review highlights the complex and intricate roles that miRs play in the regulation of cellular processes. Perturbation of the expression of miRs may thus lead to tumourigenesis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-9 as potential biomarker for breast cancer local recurrence and tumor estrogen receptor status. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) are small, non-protein coding transcripts involved in many cellular functions. Many miRs have emerged as important cancer biomarkers. In the present study, we investigated whether miR levels in breast tumors are predictive of breast cancer local recurrence (LR). Sixty-eight women who were diagnosed with breast cancer at the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center were included in this study. Breast cancer patients with LR and those without LR were matched on year of surgery, age at diagnosis, and type of surgery. Candidate miRs were identified by screening the expression levels of 754 human miRs using miR arrays in 16 breast tumor samples from 8 cases with LR and 8 cases without LR. Eight candidate miRs that showed significant differences between tumors with and without LR were further verified in 52 tumor samples using real-time PCR. Higher expression of miR-9 was significantly associated with breast cancer LR in all cases as well as the subset of estrogen receptor (ER) positive cases (p = 0.02). The AUCs (Area Under Curve) of receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves of miR-9 for all tumors and ER positive tumors are 0.68 (p = 0.02) and 0.69 (p = 0.02), respectively. In ER positive cases, Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that patients with lower miR-9 levels had significantly better 10-year LR-free survival (67.9% vs 30.8%, p = 0.02). Expression levels of miR-9 and another miR candidate, miR-375, were also strongly associated with ER status (p<0.001 for both). The potential of miR-9 as a biomarker for LR warrants further investigation with larger sample size."	0
"Title: Mechanism of translational regulation by miR-2 from sites in the 5' untranslated region or the open reading frame. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) commonly regulate translation from target mRNA 3' untranslated regions (UTRs). While effective miR-binding sites have also been identified in 5' untranslated regions (UTRs) or open reading frames (ORFs), the mechanism(s) of miR-mediated regulation from these sites has not been defined. Here, we systematically investigate how the position of miR-binding sites influences translational regulation and characterize their mechanistic basis. We show that specific translational regulation is elicited in vitro and in vivo not only from the 3'UTR, but equally effectively from six Drosophila miR-2-binding sites in the 5'UTR or the ORF. In all cases, miR-2 triggers mRNA deadenylation and inhibits translation initiation in a cap-dependent fashion. In contrast, single or dual miR-2-binding sites in the 5'UTR or the ORF yield rather inefficient or no regulation. This work represents the first demonstration that 5'UTR and ORF miR-binding sites can function mechanistically similarly to the intensively investigated 3'UTR sites. Using single or dual binding sites, it also reveals a biological rationale for the high prevalence of miR regulatory sites in the 3'UTR."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-126 inhibits the migration and invasion of endometrial cancer cells by targeting insulin receptor substrate 1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) have been demonstrated to serve important roles in the development and progression of human cancer, primarily through the direct targeting of oncogenes or tumor suppressors. It has been previously suggested that miR-126 may be associated with endometrial cancer (EC). However, the exact role of miR-126 in the migration and invasion of EC cells has not yet been studied. The present study demonstrated that the expression of miR-126 was significantly decreased in EC tissues when compared with matched normal adjacent tissues. The current study reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction was performed in order to examine the expression level of miR-126. Wound healing and transwell assays were used to examine cell migration and invasion. A luciferase reporter assay was used to determine the targeting relationship and western blotting assay was performed to detect the protein expression. Furthermore, the overexpression of miR-126 significantly inhibited EC SKOV3 cell migration and invasion. Molecular mechanism investigation established that insulin receptor substrate 1 (IRS1) functioned as a direct miR-126 target, and its expression was negatively regulated by miR-126 at a post-transcriptional level in the SKOV3 cells. Additionally, the overexpression of IRS1 reversed the inhibitory effect of miR-126 overexpression on SKOV3 cell migration and invasion. In conclusion, the current study demonstrated that miR-126 inhibited EC cell migration and invasion, at least partially through the direct targeting of IRS1, suggesting that miR-126 may aid the treatment of EC metastasis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-20a contributes to cisplatin-resistance and migration of OVCAR3 ovarian cancer cell line. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) have been reported to be associated with the development of numerous types of cancer. However, the function of miRs in human ovarian carcinoma chemoresistance remains largely undefined. In the present study, cell chemotherapy combined with a Cell Counting Kit-8 assay demonstrated that miR-20a performed important roles in ovarian cancer cells chemoresistance. Flow cytometry, cellular proliferation assays and Transwell assays results revealed that the proliferation and migration rates of OVCAR3/DDP cells were increased in comparison with parental cells. Western blot analysis results suggested that epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) activated by miR-20a contributed to OVCAR3/DDP cell migration. The present study highlighted the importance of miR-20a in regulating the chemoresistant properties of OVCAR3 cells and promoting cisplatin-resistant cell migration by activating EMT. The results of present study may therefore provide novel insights into reversing the chemoresistance of ovarian cancer and improving its treatment."	0
"Title: miR-21 is overexpressed in NPM1-mutant acute myeloid leukemias. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) play a key role in the pathogenesis of human malignancies and particularly in acute myeloid leukemias (AMLs) and are increasingly recognized as potential biomarkers and therapeutic targets. miR-21 is dysregulated in several types of cancers, including some hematologic malignancies, and plays a key role in carcinogenesis, disease recurrence and metastasis. However, no studies have specifically investigated the role of miR-21 in AMLs. In this study we analyzed the expression of miR-21 and of its target PDCD4 (Programmed Cell Death 4) during normal hematopoietic differentiation and in AMLs. Our results showed that: (i) miR-21 expression is strongly up-modulated during normal granulo/monocytic differentiation, while PDCD4 protein level is concomitantly downmodulated; (ii) miR-21 is frequently overexpressed in AML blasts, in association with a marked PDCD4 protein downmodulation; (iii) miR-21 expression level is particularly elevated in NPM1mutant AMLs. Together, these findings suggest that deregulated miR-21 expression may contribute to disease pathogenesis in NPM1-mutated AMLs."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-200 and microRNA-30 family as prognostic molecular signatures in ovarian cancer: A meta-analysis. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) play a vital role in the occurrence, development, and progression of human cancers, but its role in the prognosis of ovarian cancer is unclear. Methods: We performed a meta-analysis by searching PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases for eligible studies. The pooled hazard ratios (HRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were used to explore the association between miRs expression and overall survival (OS) and progression-free survival (PFS) on ovarian cancer patients. We also used Kaplan-Meier to analyze the relationship between miRs and OS in OncoLnc dataset. Results: A total of 15 records were included into the meta-analysis. The expression level of miR-200 family showed significant association with OS (HR = 0.78, 95% CI: 0.64-0.94) and insignificant association with PFS (HR = 0.72, 95% CI: 0.50-1.03). Subgroup analysis revealed that an increased expression level of miR-200c was associated with better OS (HR = 0.59, 95% CI: 0.45-0.74). An increased expression level of miR-200a, miR-200c, and miR-141 was associated with better PFS (miR-200a, HR = 0.59, 95% CI: 0.42-0.75; miR-200c, HR = 0.50, 95% CI: 0.14-0.87, miR-141, HR = 0.38, 95% CI: 0.12-0.63). Similarly, higher expression of miR-30 family was associated with elevated OS/PFS for ovarian cancer (OS, HR = 0.43, 95% CI: 0.13-0.74; PFS, HR = 0.76, 95% CI: 0.64-0.87). The OncoLnc dataset presented that elevated expression level of miR-30d-5p was associated with better OS (n = 470, P = .0197). Conclusion: The meta-analysis reveals that miR-200 family and miR-30 family could be promising prognostic biomarkers of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Reverse Correlation between MicroRNA-145 and FSCN1 Affecting Gastric Cancer Migration and Invasion. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) play important roles in modulating gene expression during the processes of tumorigenesis and tumor development. Previous studies have found that miR-145 is down-regulated in the stomach neoplasm and is related to tumor migration and invasion. However, both the molecular mechanism and function of miR-145 in gastric cancer remain unclear. The present study is the first demonstration of the significant down-regulation of miR-145 expression in infiltrative gastric cancer compared to expanding gastric cancer. Additionally, correlation analyses revealed strong inverse correlations between miR-145 and FSCN1 expression levels in infiltrative gastric cancer. Furthermore, we demonstrated that miR-145 directly targets FSCN1 and suppresses cell migration and invasion in gastric cancer. Knocking down the expression of FSCN1 led to the suppression of migration and invasion in gastric cancer cells, and re-expressing FSCN1 in miR-145-overexpressing cells reversed their migration and invasion defects. Thus, we concluded that miR-145 regulates cell migration and invasion in gastric cancer primarily by directly targeting FSCN1."	0
"Title: A Universal Aptamer Chimera for the Delivery of Functional microRNA-126. Abstract: microRNAs (miRs) regulate vascular diseases such as atherosclerosis and cancer. miR-126 is important for endothelial cell signaling and promotes angiogenesis, protects against atherosclerosis, and reduces breast cancer cell growth and metastasis. The overexpression of miR-126, therefore, may be an attractive therapeutic strategy for the treatment of cardiovascular disease or cancer. Here we report a novel strategy to deliver miR-126 to endothelial and breast cancer cells. We tested three different strategies to deliver miR-126 by linking the miR to an aptamer for the ubiquitously expressed transferrin receptor (transferrin receptor aptamer, TRA). Linking the precursor of miR-126 (pre-miR-126) to the TRA by annealing of a complementary stick led to efficient uptake and processing of miR-126, resulting in the delivery of 1.6×10(6)±0.3×10(6) copies miR-126-3p per ng RNA in human endothelial cells and 7.4×10(5)±2×10(5) copies miR-126-3p per ng in MCF7 breast cancer cells. The functionality of the active TRA-miR-126 chimera was further demonstrated by showing that the chimera represses the known miR-126 target VCAM-1 and improved endothelial cell sprouting in a spheroid assay. Moreover, the TRA-miR-126 chimera reduced proliferation and paracrine endothelial cell recruitment of breast cancer cells to a similar extent as miR-126-3p mimics introduced by conventional liposome-based transfection. Together, this data demonstrates that pre-miR-126 can be delivered by a non-specific aptamer to exert biological functions in two different cell models. The use of the TRA-miR-126 chimera or the combination of the delivery strategy with other endothelial or tumor specific aptamers may provide an interesting therapeutic option to treat vascular disease or cancers."	0
"Title: Low expression of microRNA-1908 predicts a poor prognosis for patients with ovarian cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) serve important roles in cancer genesis and progression. The expression of miR-1908 has been reported in a number of types of cancer; however, the clinical significance of miR-1908 in human ovarian cancer (OC) remains unclear. A total of 491 patients with OC from The Cancer Genome Atlas project cohort were selected and divided into two groups according to the median expression level of miR-1908. Univariate and multivariate analyses, using the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox regression, were performed to identify the characteristics that predict OC prognosis. Bioinformatics tools were used to identify potential targets of miR-1908. It was identified that the low expression of miR-1908 is associated with a poor prognosis for OC (P<0.05). The potential target genes of miR-1908 included podocan-like 1, JunB AP-1 transcription factor subunit, homeobox B8, SET binding factor 1 and sirtuin 2; high expression of these five genes additionally predicted a poor prognosis. These results suggest that miR-1908 may be a suitable target for the development of novel approaches in OC diagnosis and therapy in the future."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-142-3p inhibits cell proliferation and chemoresistance in ovarian cancer via targeting sirtuin 1. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs) serve promoting or suppressive roles in various human cancer types, including ovarian cancer; however, the role of miR-142-3p in ovarian cancer growth and chemoresistance has not previously been studied. In the present study, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blotting were used to examine miR and protein expression levels. An MTT assay was used to examine cell proliferation. A luciferase reporter gene assay was used to clarify the target gene of miR-142-3p. The present study reported that miR-142-3p expression levels were significantly lower in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines, when compared with those in adjacent tissues and the normal human ovarian epithelial cell line IOSE386, respectively. The reduced expression of miR-142-3p was significantly associated with poor cell differentiation. Ectopic expression of miR-142-3p significantly inhibited the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells and increased the sensitivity of SKOV3/DDP cells to cisplatin. Sirtuin 1 (SIRT1) was identified as a target gene of miR-142-3p; SIRT1 expression was negatively regulated by miR-142-3p in ovarian cancer cells. Further investigation demonstrated that SIRT1 reversed the suppressive effects of miR-142-3p on the proliferation and chemoresistance of ovarian cancer cells. In addition, SIRT1 was significantly upregulated in ovarian cancer. A negative correlation between the expression of SIRT1 and miR-142-3p in ovarian cancer tissues was also observed. In summary, the present study indicated that miR-142-3p inhibits the proliferation and chemoresistance of ovarian cancer cells by targeting SIRT1. This suggests that miR-142-3p may be a promising therapeutic candidate for the treatment of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Regulatory mechanisms of microRNA expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs (miRs, miRNAs) are small molecules of 18-22 nucleotides that serve as important regulators of gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. One of the mechanisms through which miRNAs regulate gene expression involves the interaction of their ""seed"" sequences primarily with 3'-end and more rarely with 5'-end, of mRNA transcribed from target genes. Numerous studies over the past decade have been devoted to quantitative and qualitative assessment of miRNAs expression and have shown remarkable changes in miRNA expression profiles in various diseases. Thus, profiling of miRNA expression can be an important tool for diagnostics and treatment of disease. However, less attention has been paid towards understanding the underlying reasons for changes in miRNA expression, especially in cancer cells. The purpose of this review is to analyze and systematize current data that explains reasons for changes in the expression of miRNAs. The review will cover both transcriptional (changes in gene expression and promoter hypermethylation) and post-transcriptional (changes in miRNA processing) mechanisms of regulation of miRNA expression, as well as effects of endogenous (hormones, cytokines) and exogenous (xenobiotics) compounds on the miRNA expression. The review will summarize the complex multilevel regulation of miRNA expression, in relation to cell type, physiological state of the body and various external factors."	0
"Title: Expression of microRNAs, miR-21, miR-31, miR-122, miR-145, miR-146a, miR-200c, miR-221, miR-222, and miR-223 in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma or intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma and its prognostic significance. Abstract: MicroRNAs are a class of non-coding molecules found to regulate a variety of cellular functions in health and disease. Dysregulation of microRNAs is involved in liver disease, especially hepatocarcinogenesis. Since primary hepatic malignancies are typically characterized by late diagnosis, frequent recurrence, and poor response to adjuvant therapy, there is a need for the discovery of novel biomarkers in order to achieve earlier diagnosis, predict tumor aggressiveness and response to adjuvant therapy. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the expression of certain microRNAs (miR-21, -31, -122, -145, -146a, - 200c, -221, -222 and -223) in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (ICC), as well as to assess their prognostic significance. Micro-RNA expression was assessed by reverse transcription and real-time PCR (RT-PCR). Clinicopathological data and survival rates were retrieved and analyzed. According to our results, miR-21, miR-31, miR-122, miR-221, miR-222 were significantly up-regulated in HCC tissues, whereas miR-145, miR-146a, miR-200c, and miR-223 were found to be down-regulated. Concerning ICC samples, miR-21, miR-31, and miR-223 were found to be over-expressed, whereas miR-122, miR-145, miR-200c, miR-221, and miR-222 were down-regulated. Additionally, expression of miR-21, miR-31, miR-122, and miR-221 in HCC correlated with cirrhosis, while miR-21 and miR-221 associated with tumor stage and poor prognosis. In ICC tissues, miR-21, miR-31, and miR-223 were found to be over-expressed, but no correlation with clinicopathological features was found."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-372 is down-regulated and targets cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (CDK2) and cyclin A1 in human cervical cancer, which may contribute to tumorigenesis. Abstract: MicroRNAs are a class of noncoding RNAs that are ~22 nucleotides in length. MicroRNAs have been shown to play important roles in cell differentiation and in cancer. Recently, studies have shown that miR-372 is tumorigenic in human reproductive system cancers. However, we provide evidence that miR-372 acts as a tumor suppressor gene in cervical carcinoma. miR-372 was found down-regulated in cervical carcinoma tissues as compared with adjacent normal cervical tissues. Growth curve and FACS assays indicated that ectopic expression of miR-372 suppressed cell growth and induced arrest in the S/G? phases of cell cycle in HeLa cells. We used bioinformatic predictions to determine that CDK2 and cyclin A1 were possible targets of miR-372 and confirmed this prediction using a fluorescent reporter assay. Taken together, these findings indicate that an anti-oncogenic role of miR-372 may be through control of cell growth and cell cycle progression by down-regulating the cell cycle genes CDK2 and cyclin A1."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-214 suppresses growth and invasiveness of cervical cancer cells by targeting UDP-N-acetyl-?-D-galactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 7. Abstract: MicroRNAs are a class of small noncoding RNAs that function as key regulators of gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. In this study, we demonstrate that miR-214 is frequently down-regulated in cervical cancer, and its expression reduces the proliferation, migration, and invasiveness of cervical cancer cells, whereas inhibiting its expression results in enhanced proliferation, migration, and invasion. miR-214 binds to the 3'-UTR of UDP-N-acetyl-?-D-galactosamine:polypeptide N-acetylgalactosaminyltransferase 7 (GALNT7), thereby repressing GALNT7 expression. Furthermore, we are the first to show, using quantitative real-time PCR, that GALNT7 is frequently up-regulated in cervical cancer. The knockdown of GALNT7 markedly inhibits cervical cancer cell proliferation, migration, and invasion, whereas ectopic expression of GALNT7 significantly enhances these properties, indicating that GALNT7 might function as an oncogene in cervical cancer. The restoration of GALNT7 expression can counteract the effect of miR-214 on cell proliferation, migration, and invasiveness of cervical cancer cells. Together, these results indicate that miR-214 is a new regulator of GALNT7, and both miR-214 and GALNT7 play important roles in the pathogenesis of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Microarray analysis of microRNA expression in the developing mammalian brain. Abstract: MicroRNAs are a large new class of tiny regulatory RNAs found in nematodes, plants, insects and mammals. MicroRNAs are thought to act as post-transcriptional modulators of gene expression. In invertebrates microRNAs have been implicated as regulators of developmental timing, neuronal differentiation, cell proliferation, programmed cell death and fat metabolism. Little is known about the roles of microRNAs in mammals. Results: We isolated 18-26 nucleotide RNAs from developing rat and monkey brains. From the sequences of these RNAs and the sequences of the rat and human genomes we determined which of these small RNAs are likely to have derived from stem-loop precursors typical of microRNAs. Next, we developed a microarray technology suitable for detecting microRNAs and printed a microRNA microarray representing 138 mammalian microRNAs corresponding to the sequences of the microRNAs we cloned as well as to other known microRNAs. We used this microarray to determine the profile of microRNAs expressed in the developing mouse brain. We observed a temporal wave of expression of microRNAs, suggesting that microRNAs play important roles in the development of the mammalian brain. Conclusion: We describe a microarray technology that can be used to analyze the expression of microRNAs and of other small RNAs. MicroRNA microarrays offer a new tool that should facilitate studies of the biological roles of microRNAs. We used this method to determine the microRNA expression profile during mouse brain development and observed a temporal wave of gene expression of sequential classes of microRNAs."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 reduces viability and increases sensitivity to 5-fluorouracil in HCT116 human colorectal cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are aberrantly expressed in cancer; microRNA-143 (miR-143) is down-regulated in colon cancer. HCT116 human colorectal cancer cells were used to investigate the biological role of miR-143. Transient miR-143 overexpression resulted in an approximate 60% reduction in cell viability. In addition, stable miR-143 overexpressing cells were selected with G418 and exposed to 5-fluorouracil. Increased stable expression of miR-143 was associated with decreased viability and increased cell death after exposure to 5-fluorouracil. These changes were associated with increased nuclear fragmentation and caspase -3, -8 and -9 activities. In addition, extracellular-regulated protein kinase 5, nuclear factor-kappaB and Bcl-2 protein expression was down-regulated by miR-143, and further reduced by exposure to 5-fluorouracil. In conclusion, miR-143 modulates the expression of key proteins involved in the regulation of cell proliferation, death and chemotherapy response. In addition, miR-143 increases the sensitivity of colon cancer cells to 5-fluorouracil, probably acting through extracellular-regulated protein kinase 5/nuclear factor-kappaB regulated pathways. Collectively, the data obtained in the present study suggest anti-proliferative, chemosensitizer and putative pro-apoptotic roles for miR-143 in colon cancer."	0
"Title: Mir-17-5p regulates breast cancer cell proliferation by inhibiting translation of AIB1 mRNA. Abstract: MicroRNAs are an extensive family of approximately 22-nucleotide-long noncoding RNAs expressed in a wide range of eukaryotes, including humans, and they are important in development and disease. We found that microRNA Mir-17-5p has extensive complementarity to the mRNA of AIB1 (named for ""amplified in breast cancer 1""). Cell culture experiments showed that AIB1 expression was downregulated by Mir-17-5p, primarily through translational inhibition. Expression of Mir-17-5p was low in breast cancer cell lines. We also found that downregulation of AIB1 by Mir-17-5p resulted in decreased estrogen receptor-mediated, as well as estrogen receptor-independent, gene expression and decreased proliferation of breast cancer cells. Mir-17-5p also completely abrogated the insulin-like growth factor 1-mediated, anchorage-independent growth of breast cancer cells. Our results reveal that Mir-17-5p has a role as a tumor suppressor in breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA control of Nodal signalling. Abstract: MicroRNAs are crucial modulators of gene expression, yet their involvement as effectors of growth factor signalling is largely unknown. Ligands of the transforming growth factor-beta superfamily are essential for development and adult tissue homeostasis. In early Xenopus embryos, signalling by the transforming growth factor-beta ligand Nodal is crucial for the dorsal induction of the Spemann's organizer. Here we report that Xenopus laevis microRNAs miR-15 and miR-16 restrict the size of the organizer by targeting the Nodal type II receptor Acvr2a. Endogenous miR-15 and miR-16 are ventrally enriched as they are negatively regulated by the dorsal Wnt/beta-catenin pathway. These findings exemplify the relevance of microRNAs as regulators of early embryonic patterning acting at the crossroads of fundamental signalling cascades."	0
"Title: Programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) is an important functional target of the microRNA miR-21 in breast cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are emerging as important regulators of cancer-related processes. The miR-21 microRNA is overexpressed in a wide variety of cancers and has been causally linked to cellular proliferation, apoptosis, and migration. Inhibition of mir-21 in MCF-7 breast cancer cells causes reduced cell growth. Using array expression analysis of MCF-7 cells depleted of miR-21, we have identified mRNA targets of mir-21 and have shown a link between miR-21 and the p53 tumor suppressor protein. We furthermore found that the tumor suppressor protein Programmed Cell Death 4 (PDCD4) is regulated by miR-21 and demonstrated that PDCD4 is a functionally important target for miR-21 in breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in Sjögren's syndrome as a prototypic autoimmune disease. Abstract: MicroRNAs are endogenous non-coding RNAs, approximately 22 nucleotides in length. They regulate gene expression and are important in a wide range of physiological and pathological processes. MicroRNA expression is tightly regulated during hematopoiesis and lymphoid cell differentiation and disruption of the entire microRNA network or selected microRNAs may lead to dysregulated immune responses. Abnormalities in microRNA expression related to inflammatory cytokines, Th-17 and regulatory T cells as well as B cells have been described in several autoimmune diseases. Sjogren's syndrome is characterized by features of systemic autoimmunity and chronic inflammation and dysfunction in exocrine organs. Its clinical characteristics along with the relatively easy access to the target tissue and its product makes Sjögren's syndrome appealing to study many aspects of microRNAs in a systemic autoimmune disease, such as their potential as diagnostic or prognostic biomarkers and their role in pathogenesis of autoimmunity, inflammation or organ dysfunction. Encouraging preliminary data from pilot studies in Sjogren's syndrome demonstrate the potential of microRNAs as putative diagnostic and prognostic biomarker candidates which should be tested in larger more definite studies. Combining the comparison of microRNA expression profiles between various clinical subsets of Sjögren's syndrome with bioinformatic modeling tools may predict formerly unsuspected pathways which may contribute to the disease process and lead to the generation of testable novel hypothesis of pathogenesis."	0
"Title: Developing microRNA therapeutics: approaching the unique complexities. Abstract: MicroRNAs are endogenous small non-coding RNAs that regulate gene expression by interfering with translation or stability of target transcripts. The importance of microRNAs for maintaining biological functions is illustrated by the fact that microRNAs are exploited in nature to regulate phenotypes, and by the diverse disease phenotypes that result when microRNAs are mutated or improperly expressed. Disease-associated microRNAs might therefore represent a new class of therapeutic targets. With the recent demonstration that inhibition of miR-122 reduces viral load in hepatitis C patients, microRNA modulators are no longer merely theoretical, but rather, have become strong candidate therapeutics. The complexity of microRNA biology offers a novel mechanism of action for therapeutic intervention but also poses unique challenges for the development of therapeutic modulators as drugs."	0
"Title: Regulation of epidermal growth factor receptor signaling by plasmid-based microRNA-7 inhibits human malignant gliomas growth and metastasis in vivo. Abstract: MicroRNAs are endogenous, non-coding RNAs of approximately 20-22 nucleotides that regulate genes expression by binding to the 3' untranslated region (UTR) of targets mRNAs and play critical roles in cancer pathways. Malignant glioma is the most common and highly lethal central nervous system tumor for which little effective treatment is available over several decades. The purpose of this study was to explore the therapeutic potential of plasmid-based microRNA-7 (miR-7) for gliomas in vivo. Enhancing miR-7 levels in vitro could significantly induce cell apoptosis, and inhibit cell proliferation, cell migration and invasion. Western blotting analysis was performed, which indicated that miR-7 directly inhibited epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and further antagonized the downstream protein kinases including ERK, Akt and Stat3. Furthermore, systemic administration of miR-7 encapsulated in cationic liposome resulted in glioma xenografts growth arrest and the metastatic nodules decrease effectively in a sequence-specific manner. In this study, miR-7 was applied in glioma treatment for the first time in vivo. Our findings suggested that the plasmid-mediated gene therapy with miR-7 appeared to be a promising candidate for the development of new antitumor and anti-metastasis treatment for human glioma."	0
"Title: Expression profiling identifies microRNA signature in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: microRNAs are functional, 22 nt, noncoding RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression. Disturbance of microRNA expression may play a role in the initiation and progression of certain diseases. A microRNA expression signature has been identified that is associated with pancreatic cancer. This has been accomplished with the application of real-time PCR profiling of over 200 microRNA precursors on specimens of human pancreatic adenocarcinoma, paired benign tissue, normal pancreas, chronic pancreatitis and nine pancreatic cancer cell lines. Hierarchical clustering was able to distinguish tumor from normal pancreas, pancreatitis and cell lines. The PAM algorithm correctly classified 28 of 28 tumors, 6 of 6 normal pancreas and 11 of 15 adjacent benign tissues. One hundred microRNA precursors were aberrantly expressed in pancreatic cancer or desmoplasia (p < 0.01), including microRNAs previously reported as differentially expressed in other human cancers (miR-155, miR-21, miR-221 and miR-222) as well as those not previously reported in cancer (miR-376a and miR-301). Most of the top aberrantly expressed miRNAs displayed increased expression in the tumor. Expression of the active, mature microRNA was validated using a real-time PCR assay to quantify the mature microRNA and Northern blotting. Reverse transcription in situ PCR showed that three of the top differentially expressed miRNAs (miR-221, -376a and -301) were localized to tumor cells and not to stroma or normal acini or ducts. Aberrant microRNA expression may offer new clues to pancreatic tumorigenesis and may provide diagnostic biomarkers for pancreatic adenocarcinoma."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 suppresses cell invasion and metastasis by directly targeting mucin 1. Abstract: MicroRNAs are important gene regulators that could play a profound role in tumorigenesis. Our previous studies indicate that miR-145 is a tumor suppressor capable of inhibiting tumor cell growth both in vitro and in vivo. In this study, we show that miR-145 exerts its function in a cell-specific manner. Although miR-145 inhibits cell growth in MCF-7 and HCT-116 cells, it has no significant effect on cell growth in metastatic breast cancer cell lines. However, miR-145 significantly suppresses cell invasion in these cells; in contrast, the antisense oligo against miR-145 increases cell invasion. miR-145 is also able to suppress lung metastasis in an experimental metastasis animal model. This miR-145-mediated suppression of cell invasion is in part due to the silencing of the metastasis gene mucin 1 (MUC1). Using luciferase reporters carrying the 3'-untranslated region of MUC1 combined with Western blot and immunofluorescence staining, we identify MUC1 as a direct target of miR-145. Moreover, ectopic expression of MUC1 enhances cell invasion, which can be blocked by miR-145. Of interest, suppression of MUC1 by miR-145 causes a reduction of beta-catenin as well as the oncogenic cadherin 11. Finally, suppression of MUC1 by RNAi mimics the miR-145 action in suppression of invasion, which is associated with downregulation of beta-catenin and cadherin 11. Taken together, these results suggest that as a tumor suppressor, miR-145 inhibits not only tumor growth but also cell invasion and metastasis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 targets vascular endothelial growth factor and inhibits invasion and metastasis of osteosarcoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are important gene regulators that play a profound role in tumorigenesis. MicroRNA-145 (miR-145), an important member in the family of microRNAs, is under-expressed in several types of tumors and acts as a tumor suppressor. The role and probable pathways of miR-145 in osteosarcoma carcinogenesis are still unknown. In this study, we found that miR-145 was significantly under-expressed in osteosarcoma tissues, and the over-expression of miR-145 could inhibit invasion and angiopoiesis of osteosarcoma cells. Furthermore, the results showed that vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) expression was down-regulated in osteosarcoma cells after miR-145 transfection. On the basis of these results, we performed the luciferase assay and verified that miR-145 could down-regulate VEGF at the translational level by partially binding to VEGF 3' untranslated region (3'UTR). Therefore, it can be concluded that miR-145 can inhibit invasion and metastasis of osteosarcoma cells. One of the mechanisms is the down-regulation of VEGF expression by miR-145 by binding to the 3'UTR of VEGF mRNA specifically. These novel findings may have extensive implications for an effective gene therapy of osteosarcoma."	0
"Title: miRNA-145 inhibits non-small cell lung cancer cell proliferation by targeting c-Myc. Abstract: MicroRNAs are important gene regulators that potentially play a profound role in tumorigenesis. Increasing evidence indicates that miR-145 is a tumor suppressor capable of inhibiting breast and colon cancer cell growth both in vitro and in vivo. However, the biological function of miR-145 in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) is largely unknown. In colon cancer cells, c-Myc is a confirmed direct target for miR-145. The aim of this work was to investigate the effect of miR-145 and c-Myc on proliferation of NSCLC cells, using the NSCLC cell lines A549 and H23 as models. We determined the expression level of miR-145 in tumor tissues relative to adjacent non-tumor tissues, and in NSCLC cell lines relative to non-malignant lung cells. Downregulation of miR-145 was seen in tumor tissues and the two NSCLC cell lines by real-time quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. MTT and focus formation assays were conducted to measure cell proliferation rates. Cell growth was inhibited and the G1/S transition was blocked by miR-145 in transfection assays of A549 and H23 cells. We further showed that c-Myc was a direct target for miR-145. Introduction of miR-145 dramatically suppressed the c-Myc/eIF4E pathway, which was demonstrated to be crucial for cell proliferation in NSCLC cells. Furthermore, we found that CDK4 was regulated by miR-145 in cell cycle control. Taken together, our study results demonstrate that miR-145 inhibits proliferation of NSCLC cells through c-Myc. Increasing miR-145 expression may provide a novel approach for the treatment of NSCLC."	0
"Title: MiR-145 reduces ADAM17 expression and inhibits in vitro migration and invasion of glioma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are important regulators of gene expression and have been suggested to play a key role in tumorigenesis. In this study, we show that miR-145 is significantly downregulated in glioma cell lines compared to normal brain tissue and negatively regulates tumorigenesis. Restoration of miR-145 in glioma cells significantly reduced in vitro proliferation, migration and invasion. Also, overexpression of miR-145 reduced ADAM17 and EGFR expression. In addition, we tested the hypothesis that the miR-145-mediated suppression of cell proliferation, migration and invasion is, at least in part, due to silencing of ADAM17 and EGFR gene expression. Using luciferase reporters carrying the 3'-untranslated region of ADAM17 combined with western blotting, we identified ADAM17 as a direct target of miR-145. Collectively, these results suggest that as a tumor suppressor, miR-145 inhibits not only tumor proliferation, but also cell migration and invasion, and warrants further investigation."	0
"Title: Specific and sensitive quantitative RT-PCR of miRNAs with DNA primers. Abstract: MicroRNAs are important regulators of gene expression at the post-transcriptional level and play an important role in many biological processes. Due to the important biological role it is of great interest to quantitatively determine their expression level in different biological settings. Results: We describe a PCR method for quantification of microRNAs based on a single reverse transcription reaction for all microRNAs combined with real-time PCR with two, microRNA-specific DNA primers. Primer annealing temperatures were optimized by adding a DNA tail to the primers and could be designed with a success rate of 94%. The method was able to quantify synthetic templates over eight orders of magnitude and readily discriminated between microRNAs with single nucleotide differences. Importantly, PCR with DNA primers yielded significantly higher amplification efficiencies of biological samples than a similar method based on locked nucleic acids-spiked primers, which is in agreement with the observation that locked nucleic acid interferes with efficient amplification of short templates. The higher amplification efficiency of DNA primers translates into higher sensitivity and precision in microRNA quantification. Conclusions: MiR-specific quantitative RT-PCR with DNA primers is a highly specific, sensitive and accurate method for microRNA quantification."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 promotes cell proliferation and down-regulates the expression of programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) in HeLa cervical carcinoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are involved in cancer-related processes. The microRNA-21(miR-21) has been identified as the only miRNA over-expressed in a wide variety of cancers, including cervical cancer. However, the function of miR-21 is unknown in cervical carcinomas. In this study, we found that the inhibition of miR-21 in HeLa cervical cancer cells caused profound suppression of cell proliferation, and up-regulated the expression of the tumor suppressor gene PDCD4. We also provide direct evidence that PDCD4-3'UTR is a functional target of miR-21 and that the 18bp putative target site can function as the sole regulatory element in HeLa cells. These results suggest that miR-21 may play an oncogenic role in the cellular processes of cervical cancer and may serve as a target for effective therapies."	0
"Title: MicroRNA miR-24 enhances tumor invasion and metastasis by targeting PTPN9 and PTPRF to promote EGF signaling. Abstract: MicroRNAs are known to play regulatory roles in gene expression associated with cancer development. We analyzed levels of the microRNA miR-24 in patients with breast carcinoma and found that miR-24 was higher in breast carcinoma samples than in benign breast tissues. We generated constructs expressing miR-24 and studied its functions using both in vitro and in vivo techniques. We found that the ectopic expression of miR-24 promoted breast cancer cell invasion and migration. In vivo experiments in mice indicated that the expression of miR-24 enhanced tumor growth, invasion into local tissues, metastasis to lung tissues and decreased overall mouse survival. In the miR-24-expressing cells and tumors, EGFR was highly phosphorylated, whereas expression of the phosphatases tyrosine-protein phosphatase non-receptor type 9 (PTPN9) and receptor-type tyrosine-protein phosphatase F (PTPRF) were repressed. We confirmed that miR-24 could directly target both PTPN9 and PTPRF. Consistent with this, we found that the levels of phosphorylated epidermal growth factor receptor (pEGFR) were higher whereas the levels of PTPN9 and PTPRF were lower in the patients with metastatic breast carcinoma. Ectopic expression of PTPN9 and PTPRF decreased pEGFR levels, cell invasion, migration and tumor metastasis. Furthermore, we found that MMP2, MMP11, pErk, and ADAM15 were upregulated, whereas TIMP2 was downregulated; all of which supported the roles of miR-24 in tumor invasion and metastasis. Our results suggest that miR-24 plays a key role in breast cancer invasion and metastasis. miR-24 could potentially be a target for cancer intervention."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-122 inhibits tumorigenic properties of hepatocellular carcinoma cells and sensitizes these cells to sorafenib. Abstract: MicroRNAs are negative regulators of protein coding genes. The liver-specific microRNA-122 (miR-122) is frequently suppressed in primary hepatocellular carcinomas (HCCs). In situ hybridization demonstrated that miR-122 is abundantly expressed in hepatocytes but barely detectable in primary human HCCs. Ectopic expression of miR-122 in nonexpressing HepG2, Hep3B, and SK-Hep-1 cells reversed their tumorigenic properties such as growth, replication potential, clonogenic survival, anchorage-independent growth, migration, invasion, and tumor formation in nude mice. Further, miR-122-expressing HCC cells retained an epithelial phenotype that correlated with reduced Vimentin expression. ADAM10 (a distintegrin and metalloprotease family 10), serum response factor (SRF), and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor (Igf1R) that promote tumorigenesis were validated as targets of miR-122 and were repressed by the microRNA. Conversely, depletion of the endogenous miR-122 in Huh-7 cells facilitated their tumorigenic properties with concomitant up-regulation of these targets. Expression of SRF or Igf1R partially reversed tumor suppressor function of miR-122. Further, miR-122 impeded angiogenic properties of endothelial cells in vitro. Notably, ADAM10, SRF, and Igf1R were up-regulated in primary human HCCs compared with the matching liver tissue. Co-labeling studies demonstrated exclusive localization of miR-122 in the benign livers, whereas SRF predominantly expressed in HCC. More importantly, growth and clonogenic survival of miR-122-expressing HCC cells were significantly reduced upon treatment with sorafenib, a multi-kinase inhibitor clinically effective against HCC. Collectively, these results suggest that the loss of multifunctional miR-122 contributes to the malignant phenotype of HCC cells, and miR-122 mimetic alone or in combination with anticancer drugs can be a promising therapeutic regimen against liver cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-34a is up-regulated in response to low dose, low energy X-ray induced DNA damage in breast cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are non-coding RNAs involved in the regulation of gene expression including DNA damage responses. Low doses of low energy X-ray radiation, similar to those used in mammographic exams, has been described to be genotoxic. In the present work we investigated the expression of miR-34a; a well described p53-regulated miRNA implicated in cell responses to X-ray irradiation at low doses. Methods: Non-cancerous breast cell line MCF-10A and cancerous T-47D and MCF-7 cell lines were submitted to a low-energy X-ray irradiation (ranging from 28-30 Kv) using a dose of 5 Gy. The expression level of miR-34a, let-7a and miR-21 was assessed by qRT-PCR at 4 and 24 hours post-irradiation. DNA damage was then measured by comet assay and micronuclei estimation in MCF-10A and MCF-7 cell lines, where an increase of miR-34a levels could be observed after irradiation. The rate of apoptotic cells was estimated by nuclear staining and fluorescence microscopy. These experiments were also performed at low doses (3; 12 and 48 mGy) in MCF-10A and MCF-7 cell lines. Results: We have observed an increase in miR-34a expression 4 hours post-irradiation at 5 Gy in MCF-10A and MCF-7 cell lines while its level did not change in T-47D, a breast cancer cell line bearing non-functional p53. At low doses, miR-34a was up-regulated in non-tumoral MCF-10A to a higher extent as compared to MCF-7. MiR-34a levels decreased 24 hours post-irradiation. We have also observed DNA damage and apoptosis at low-energy X-ray irradiation at low doses and the high dose in MCF-10A and MCF-7 4 and 24 hours post-irradiation relative to the mock control. Conclusion: Low energy X-ray is able to promote DNA strand breaks and miR-34a might be involved in cell responses to low energy X-ray DNA damage. MiR-34a expression correlates with X-ray dose, time after irradiation and cell type. The present study reinforces the need of investigating consequences of low dose X-ray irradiation of breast cells."	0
"Title: Identification of hundreds of conserved and nonconserved human microRNAs. Abstract: MicroRNAs are noncoding RNAs of approximately 22 nucleotides that suppress translation of target genes by binding to their mRNA and thus have a central role in gene regulation in health and disease. To date, 222 human microRNAs have been identified, 86 by random cloning and sequencing, 43 by computational approaches and the rest as putative microRNAs homologous to microRNAs in other species. To prove our hypothesis that the total number of microRNAs may be much larger and that several have emerged only in primates, we developed an integrative approach combining bioinformatic predictions with microarray analysis and sequence-directed cloning. Here we report the use of this approach to clone and sequence 89 new human microRNAs (nearly doubling the current number of sequenced human microRNAs), 53 of which are not conserved beyond primates. These findings suggest that the total number of human microRNAs is at least 800."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-7, a homeobox D10 target, inhibits p21-activated kinase 1 and regulates its functions. Abstract: MicroRNAs are noncoding RNAs that inhibit the expression of their targets in a sequence-specific manner and play crucial roles during oncogenesis. Here we show that microRNA-7 (miR-7) inhibits p21-activated kinase 1 (Pak1) expression, a widely up-regulated signaling kinase in multiple human cancers, by targeting the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of Pak1 mRNA. We noticed an inverse correlation between the levels of endogenous miR-7 and Pak1 expression in human cancer cells. We discovered that endogenous miR-7 expression is positively regulated by a homeodomain transcription factor, HoxD10, the loss of which leads to an increased invasiveness. HoxD10 directly interacts with the miR-7 chromatin. Accordingly, the levels of Pak1 protein are progressively up-regulated whereas those of miR-7 and its upstream activator HoxD10 are progressively down-regulated in a cellular model of breast cancer progression from low to highly invasive phenotypes. Furthermore, HoxD10 expression in highly invasive breast cancer cells resulted in an increased miR-7 expression but reduced Pak1 3'-UTR-luciferase activity and reduced Pak1 protein. Finally, we show that miR-7 introduction inhibits the motility, invasiveness, anchorage-independent growth, and tumorigenic potential of highly invasive breast cancer cells. Collectively, these findings establish for the first time that Pak1 is a target of miR-7 and that HoxD10 plays a regulatory role in modifying the expression of miR-7 and, consequently, the functions of the miR-7-Pak1 pathway in human cancer cells."	0
"Title: Stem cell marker (Nanog) and Stat-3 signaling promote MicroRNA-21 expression and chemoresistance in hyaluronan/CD44-activated head and neck squamous cell carcinoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are often associated with the pathogenesis of many cancers, including head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). In particular, microRNA-21 (miR-21) appears to have a critical role in tumor cell survival, chemoresistance and HNSCC progression. In this study, we investigated matrix hyaluronan (HA)-induced CD44 (a primary HA receptor) interaction with the stem cell markers, Nanog and Stat-3, in HNSCC cells (HSC-3 cells). Our results indicate that HA binding to CD44 promotes Nanog-Stat-3 (also tyrosine phosphorylated Stat-3) complex formation, nuclear translocation and transcriptional activation. Further analyses reveal that miR-21 is controlled by an upstream promoter containing Stat-3 binding site(s), while chromatin immunoprecipitation assays demonstrate that stimulation of miR-21 expression by HA/CD44 signaling is Nanog/Stat-3-dependent in HNSCC cells. This process results in a decrease of a tumor suppressor protein (PDCD4), and an upregulation of i nhibitors of the apoptosis family of proteins (IAPs) as well as chemoresistance in HSC-3 cells. Treatment of HSC-3 cells with Nanog- and/or Stat-3-specific small interfering RNAs effectively blocks HA-mediated Nanog-Stat-3 signaling events, abrogates miR-21 production and increases PDCD4 expression. Subsequently, this Nanog-Stat-3 signaling inhibition causes downregulation of survival protein (IAP) expression and enhancement of chemosensitivity. To further evaluate the role of miR-21 in tumor cell-specific functions, HSC-3 cells were also transfected with a specific anti-miR-21 inhibitor in order to silence miR-21 expression and block its target functions. Our results demonstrate that anti-miR-21 inhibitor not only upregulates PDCD4 expression but also decreases IAP expression and enhances chemosensitivity in HA-treated HNSCC cells. Together, these findings indicate that the HA-induced CD44 interaction with Nanog and Stat-3 has a pivotal role in miR-21 production leading to PDCD4 reduction, IAP upregulation and chemoresistance in HNSCC cells. This novel Nanog/Stat-3 signaling pathway-specific mechanism involved in miR-21 production is significant for the formation of future intervention strategies in the treatment of HA/CD44-activated HNSCC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA function: multiple mechanisms for a tiny RNA?. Abstract: MicroRNAs are sequence-specific regulators of post-transcriptional gene expression in many eukaryotes. They are believed to control the expression of thousands of target mRNAs, with each mRNA believed to be targeted by multiple microRNAs. Recent studies have uncovered various mechanisms by which microRNAs down-regulate their target mRNAs and have linked a well-known subcellular structure, the cytoplasmic processing bodies (PBs) to the microRNA pathway. The finding that microRNAs are misexpressed in cancers has reinforced the idea that their regulatory roles are very important."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs MiR-17, MiR-20a, and MiR-106b act in concert to modulate E2F activity on cell cycle arrest during neuronal lineage differentiation of USSC. Abstract: MicroRNAs are short (?22 nt) non-coding regulatory RNAs that control gene expression at the post-transcriptional level. Here the functional impact of microRNAs on cell cycle arrest during neuronal lineage differentiation of unrestricted somatic stem cells from human cord blood (USSC) was analyzed. Methodology/principal findings: Expression profiling revealed downregulation of microRNAs miR-17, -20a, and -106b in USSC differentiated into neuronal lineage but not in USSC differentiated into osteogenic lineage. Transfection experiments followed by Ki67 immunostainings demonstrated that each of these microRNAs was able to promote proliferation of native USSC and to prevent in part cell cycle arrest during neuronal lineage differentiation of USSC. Bioinformatic target gene predictions followed by experimental target gene validations revealed that miR-17, -20a, and -106b act in a common manner by downregulating an overlapping set of target genes mostly involved in regulation and execution of G(1)/S transition. Pro-proliferative target genes cyclinD1 (CCND1) and E2F1 as well as anti-proliferative targets CDKN1A (p21), PTEN, RB1, RBL1 (p107), RBL2 (p130) were shown as common targets for miR-17, -20a, and -106b. Furthermore, these microRNAs also downregulate WEE1 which is involved in G(2)/M transition. Most strikingly, miR-17, -20a, and -106b were found to promote cell proliferation by increasing the intracellular activity of E2F transcription factors, despite the fact that miR-17, -20a, and -106b directly target the transcripts that encode for this protein family. Conclusions/significance: Mir-17, -20a, and -106b downregulate a common set of pro- and anti-proliferative target genes to impact cell cycle progression of USSC and increase intracellular activity of E2F transcription factors to govern G(1)/S transition."	0
"Title: Role of MicroRNA miR-27a and miR-451 in the regulation of MDR1/P-glycoprotein expression in human cancer cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are short non-coding RNA molecules able to affect stability and/or translation of mRNA, thereby regulating the expression of genes involved in many biological processes. We report here that microRNAs miR-27a and miR-451 are involved in activating the expression of P-glycoprotein, the MDR1 gene product that confers cancer cell resistance to a broad range of chemotherapeutics. We showed that expressions of miR-27a and miR-451 were up-regulated in multidrug resistant (MDR) cancer cell lines A2780DX5 and KB-V1, as compared with their parental lines A2780 and KB-3-1. Treatment of A2780DX5 cells with the antagomirs of miR-27a or miR-451 decreased the expression of P-glycoprotein and MDR1 mRNA. In contrast, the mimics of miR-27a and miR-451 increased MDR1 expression in the parental cells A2780. The sensitivity to and intracellular accumulation of cytotoxic drugs that are transported by P-glycoprotein were enhanced by the treatment with the antagomirs of miR-27a or miR-451. Our results demonstrate for the first time the roles of microRNAs in the regulation of drug resistance mediated by MDR1/P-glycoprotein, and suggest the potential for targeting miR-27a and miR-451 as a therapeutic strategy for modulating MDR in cancer cells."	0
"Title: Expression profiling of microRNAs by deep sequencing. Abstract: MicroRNAs are short non-coding RNAs that regulate the stability and translation of mRNAs. Profiling experiments, using microarray or deep sequencing technology, have identified microRNAs that are preferentially expressed in certain tissues, specific stages of development, or disease states such as cancer. Deep sequencing utilizes massively parallel sequencing, generating millions of small RNA sequence reads from a given sample. Profiling of microRNAs by deep sequencing measures absolute abundance and allows for the discovery of novel microRNAs that have eluded previous cloning and standard sequencing efforts. Public databases provide in silico predictions of microRNA gene targets by various algorithms. To better determine which of these predictions represent true positives, microRNA expression data can be integrated with gene expression data to identify putative microRNA:mRNA functional pairs. Here we discuss tools and methodologies for the analysis of microRNA expression data from deep sequencing."	0
"Title: A custom microarray platform for analysis of microRNA gene expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs are short, noncoding RNA transcripts that post-transcriptionally regulate gene expression. Several hundred microRNA genes have been identified in Caenorhabditis elegans, Drosophila, plants and mammals. MicroRNAs have been linked to developmental processes in C. elegans, plants and humans and to cell growth and apoptosis in Drosophila. A major impediment in the study of microRNA function is the lack of quantitative expression profiling methods. To close this technological gap, we have designed dual-channel microarrays that monitor expression levels of 124 mammalian microRNAs. Using these tools, we observed distinct patterns of expression among adult mouse tissues and embryonic stem cells. Expression profiles of staged embryos demonstrate temporal regulation of a large class of microRNAs, including members of the let-7 family. This microarray technology enables comprehensive investigation of microRNA expression, and furthers our understanding of this class of recently discovered noncoding RNAs."	0
"Title: Cotranslational microRNA mediated messenger RNA destabilization. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small (22 nucleotide) regulatory molecules that play important roles in a wide variety of biological processes. These RNAs, which bind to targeted mRNAs via limited base pairing interactions, act to reduce protein production from those mRNAs. Considerable evidence indicates that miRNAs destabilize targeted mRNAs by recruiting enzymes that function in normal mRNA decay and mRNA degradation is widely thought to occur when mRNAs are in a ribosome free state. Nevertheless, when examined, miRNA targeted mRNAs are invariably found to be polysome associated; observations that appear to be at face value incompatible with a simple decay model. Here, we provide evidence that turnover of miRNA-targeted mRNAs occurs while they are being translated. Cotranslational mRNA degradation is initiated by decapping and proceeds 5' to 3' behind the last translating ribosome. These results provide an explanation for a long standing mystery in the miRNA field."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-10b induces glioma cell invasion by modulating MMP-14 and uPAR expression via HOXD10. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small endogenous noncoding RNAs, which modulate target gene expression by binding with target mRNA sequences in the 3'untranslated region (UTR) with an imperfect complementarity that inhibits the mRNA translation. Many microRNAs have been reported to function as tumor oncogenes or anti-oncogenes. Recently, more and more microRNAs have been reported to contribute to a tumor's invasive potential. Here, we show that microRNA-10b (miR-10b) was over-expressed in glioma samples and directly associated with the glioma's pathological grade and malignancy. We also found that miR-10b induced glioma cell invasion by modulating tumor invasion factors MMP-14 and uPAR expression via the direct target HOXD10. The miR-10b/HOXD10/MMP-14/uPAR signaling pathway might contribute to the invasion of glioma. Accordingly, glioma cells lost their invasive ability when treated with specific antisense oligonucleotides (miR-10b inhibitors), suggesting that miR-10b could be used as a new bio-target to cure glioma."	0
"Title: Up-regulation of dicer, a component of the MicroRNA machinery, in prostate adenocarcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small noncoding 18- to 24-nt RNAs that are predicted to regulate expression of as many as 30% of protein-encoding genes. In prostate adenocarcinoma, 39 microRNAs are up-regulated, and six microRNAs are down-regulated. Production and function of microRNA requires coordinated processing by proteins of the microRNA machinery. Dicer, an RNase III endonuclease, is an essential component of the microRNA machinery. From a gene array analysis of 16 normal prostate tissue samples, 64 organ-confined, and four metastatic prostate adenocarcinomas, we identified an up-regulation of major components of the microRNA machinery, including Dicer, in metastatic prostate adenocarcinoma. Immunohistochemical studies on a tissue microarray consisting of 232 prostate specimens confirmed up-regulation of Dicer in prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia and in 81% of prostate adenocarcinoma. The increased Dicer level in prostate adenocarcinoma correlated with clinical stage, lymph node status, and Gleason score. Western blot analysis of benign and neoplastic prostate cell lines further confirmed Dicer up-regulation in prostate adenocarcinoma. Dicer up-regulation may explain an almost global increase of microRNA expression in prostate adenocarcinoma. The presence of up-regulated microRNA machinery may predict the susceptibility of prostate adenocarcinoma to RNA interference-based therapy."	0
"Title: The miR-200 family inhibits epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cancer cell migration by direct targeting of E-cadherin transcriptional repressors ZEB1 and ZEB2. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNA molecules that can regulate gene expression by interacting with multiple mRNAs and inducing either translation suppression or degradation of mRNA. Recently, several miRNAs were identified as either promoters or suppressors of metastasis. However, it is unclear in which step(s) of the multistep metastatic cascade these miRNAs play a defined functional role. To study the functional importance of miRNAs in epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), a process thought to initiate metastasis by enhancing the motility of tumor cells, we used a well established in vitro EMT assay: transforming growth factor-beta-induced EMT in NMuMG murine mammary epithelial cells. We found that members of the miR-200 family, organized as two clusters in the genome, were repressed during EMT. Overexpression of each miRNA individually or as clusters in NMuMG cells hindered EMT by enhancing E-cadherin expression through direct targeting of ZEB1 and ZEB2, which encode transcriptional repressors of E-cadherin. In the 4TO7 mouse carcinoma cell line, which expresses low levels of endogenous E-cadherin and displays a mesenchymal phenotype, ectopic expression of the miR-200 family miRNAs significantly increased E-cadherin expression and altered cell morphology to an epithelial phenotype. Furthermore, ectopic expression of each miR-200 miRNA cluster significantly reduced the in vitro motility of 4TO7 cells in migration assays. These results suggested that loss of expression of the miR-200 family members may play a critical role in the repression of E-cadherin by ZEB1 and ZEB2 during EMT, thereby enhancing migration and invasion during cancer progression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 targets the tumor suppressor gene tropomyosin 1 (TPM1). Abstract: MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNA molecules that control expression of target genes. Our previous studies show that mir-21 is overexpressed in tumor tissues compared with the matched normal tissues. Moreover, suppression of mir-21 by antisense oligonucleotides inhibits tumor cell growth both in vitro and in vivo. However, it remains largely unclear as to how mir-21 affects tumor growth, because our understanding of mir-21 targets is limited. In this study, we performed two-dimensional differentiation in-gel electrophoresis of tumors treated with anti-mir-21 and identified the tumor suppressor tropomyosin 1 (TPM1) as a potential mir-21 target. In agreement with this, there is a putative mir-21 binding site at the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of TPM1 variants V1 and V5. Thus, we cloned the 3'-UTR of TPM1 into a luciferase reporter and found that although mir-21 down-regulated the luciferase activity, anti-mir-21 up-regulated it. Moreover, deletion of the mir-21 binding site abolished the effect of mir-21 on the luciferase activity, suggesting that this mir-21 binding site is critical. Western blot with the cloned TPM1-V1 plus the 3'-UTR indicated that TPM1 protein level was also regulated by mir-21, whereas real-time quantitative reverse transcription-PCR revealed no difference at the mRNA level, suggesting translational regulation. Finally, overexpression of TPM1 in breast cancer MCF-7 cells suppressed anchorage-independent growth. Thus, down-regulation of TPM1 by mir-21 may explain, at least in part, why suppression of mir-21 can inhibit tumor growth, further supporting the notion that mir-21 functions as an oncogene."	0
"Title: Upregulated miR-146a expression in peripheral blood mononuclear cells from rheumatoid arthritis patients. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNA molecules that negatively regulate gene expression via degradation or translational repression of their targeted mRNAs. It is known that aberrant microRNA expression can play important roles in cancer, but the role of microRNAs in autoimmune diseases is only beginning to emerge. In this study, the expression of selected microRNAs is examined in rheumatoid arthritis. Methods: Total RNA was isolated from peripheral blood mononuclear cells obtained from patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and healthy and disease control individuals, and the expression of miR-146a, miR-155, miR-132, miR-16, and microRNA let-7a was analyzed using quantitative real-time PCR. Results: Rheumatoid arthritis peripheral blood mononuclear cells exhibited between 1.8-fold and 2.6-fold increases in miR-146a, miR-155, miR-132, and miR-16 expression, whereas let-7a expression was not significantly different compared with healthy control individuals. In addition, two targets of miR-146a, namely tumor necrosis factor receptor-associated factor 6 (TRAF6) and IL-1 receptor-associated kinase 1 (IRAK-1), were similarly expressed between rheumatoid arthritis patients and control individuals, despite increased expression of miR-146a in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Repression of TRAF6 and/or IRAK-1 in THP-1 cells resulted in up to an 86% reduction in tumor necrosis factor-alpha production, implicating that normal miR-146a function is critical for the regulation of tumor necrosis factor-alpha production. Conclusions: Recent studies have shown that synovial tissue and synovial fibroblasts from patients with rheumatoid arthritis exhibit increased expression of certain microRNAs. Our data thus demonstrate that microRNA expression in rheumatoid arthritis peripheral blood mononuclear cells mimics that of synovial tissue/fibroblasts. The increased microRNA expression in rheumatoid arthritis patients is potentially useful as a marker for disease diagnosis, progression, or treatment efficacy, but this will require confirmation using a large and well defined cohort. Our data also suggest a possible mechanism contributing to rheumatoid arthritis pathogenesis, whereby miR-146a expression is increased but unable to properly function, leading to prolonged tumor necrosis factor-alpha production in patients with rheumatoid arthritis."	0
"Title: Characterization of microRNA expression levels and their biological correlates in human cancer cell lines. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNAs that function by regulating target gene expression posttranscriptionally. They play a critical role in developmental and physiologic processes and are implicated in the pathogenesis of several human diseases including cancer. We examined the expression profiles of 241 human microRNAs in normal tissues and the NCI-60 panel of human tumor-derived cell lines. To quantify microRNA expression, we employed a highly sensitive technique that uses stem-loop primers for reverse transcription followed by real-time PCR. Most microRNAs were expressed at lower levels in tumor-derived cell lines compared with the corresponding normal tissue. Agglomerative hierarchical clustering analysis of microRNA expression revealed four groups among the NCI-60 cell lines consisting of hematologic, colon, central nervous system, and melanoma tumor-derived cell lines clustered in a manner that reflected their tissue of origin. We identified specific subsets of microRNAs that provide candidate molecular signatures characteristic of the tumor-derived cell lines belonging to these four clusters. We also identified specific microRNA expression patterns that correlated with the proliferation indices of the NCI-60 cell lines, and we developed evidence for the identification of specific microRNAs as candidate oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes in different tumor types. Our results provide evidence that microRNA expression patterns may mark specific biological characteristics of tumors and/or mediate biological activities important for the pathobiology of malignant tumors. These findings call attention to the potential of microRNAs to provide etiologic insights as well as to serve as both diagnostic markers and therapeutic targets for many different tumor types."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits growth and migration of breast cancer cells through targeting oncoprotein ROCK1. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNAs that may also function as oncogenes and tumor suppressor genes, as the abnormal expression of microRNAs is associated with various human tumors. MicroRNA-145 (miR-145) inhibits growth and increases chemo- or radiosensitivity in various cancers. However, the role of miR-145 in breast cancer progression remains unknown. In this study, miR-145 expression level was measured via quantitative real-time PCR in 88 pairs of human breast cancer tissues and adjacent normal tissues and in a panel of human breast cancer cell lines. Cell proliferation and cell migration were assessed by cell viability assay and transwell assay. Western blot was used to verify Rho-associated protein kinase 1 (ROCK1) as a novel target gene of miR-145. Our results showed that miR-145 was frequently downregulated in breast cancer tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-145 in MCF-7 and BT-549 cell lines significantly inhibited cell proliferation, migration, and invasion in vitro. ROCK1 was identified as a target of miR-145, and ectopic expression of miR-145 downregulated ROCK1. Our findings indicate that miR-145 acts as a tumor suppressor and its downregulation in tumor tissues may contribute to the progression of breast cancer through a mechanism involving ROCK1, suggesting miR-145 as a potential new diagnostic and therapeutic target for the treatment of breast cancer."	0
"Title: Combinatorial microRNA target predictions. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNAs that recognize and bind to partially complementary sites in the 3' untranslated regions of target genes in animals and, by unknown mechanisms, regulate protein production of the target transcript. Different combinations of microRNAs are expressed in different cell types and may coordinately regulate cell-specific target genes. Here, we present PicTar, a computational method for identifying common targets of microRNAs. Statistical tests using genome-wide alignments of eight vertebrate genomes, PicTar's ability to specifically recover published microRNA targets, and experimental validation of seven predicted targets suggest that PicTar has an excellent success rate in predicting targets for single microRNAs and for combinations of microRNAs. We find that vertebrate microRNAs target, on average, roughly 200 transcripts each. Furthermore, our results suggest widespread coordinate control executed by microRNAs. In particular, we experimentally validate common regulation of Mtpn by miR-375, miR-124 and let-7b and thus provide evidence for coordinate microRNA control in mammals."	0
"Title: MicroRNA gene expression profile of hepatitis C virus-associated hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression by targeting messenger RNAs (mRNAs) through translational repression or RNA degradation. Many fundamental biological processes are modulated by microRNAs, and an important role for microRNAs in carcinogenesis is emerging. Because understanding the pathogenesis of viral-associated hepatocellular carcinomas is important in developing effective means of classification, prognosis, and therapy, we examined the microRNA expression profiles in a large set of 52 human primary liver tumors consisting of premalignant dysplastic liver nodules and hepatocellular carcinomas by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. All patients were infected with hepatitis C, and most had liver cirrhosis. Initially, the accessibility of microRNAs from formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded archival liver tissue by real-time polymerase chain reaction assays was shown. Subsequently, target parenchyma from routinely processed tissue was macrodissected, RNA was extracted, and reverse transcription followed by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction was performed. Relative quantification was performed by the 2(-DeltaDeltaCt) method with normal livers as a calibrator. In order to obtain a comprehensive microRNA gene expression profile, 80 microRNAs were examined in a subset of tumors, which yielded 10 up-regulated and 19 down-regulated microRNAs compared to normal liver. Subsequently, five microRNAs (miR-122, miR-100, miR-10a, miR-198, and miR-145) were selected on the basis of the initial results and further examined in an extended tumor sample set of 43 hepatocellular carcinomas and 9 dysplastic nodules. miR-122, miR-100, and miR-10a were overexpressed whereas miR-198 and miR-145 were up to 5-fold down-regulated in hepatic tumors compared to normal liver parenchyma. A subset of microRNAs are aberrantly expressed in primary liver tumors, serving both as putative tumor suppressors and as oncogenic regulators."	0
"Title: MiR-34a inhibits lymphatic metastasis potential of mouse hepatoma cells. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNAs that regulate the expression of other genes in a post-transcriptional manner. MiR-34a can induce apoptosis, cell cycle arrest, and senescence. However, its role in tumor progress remains to be fully elucidated. In the present study, the role of miR-34a in lymphatic metastasis was investigated using mouse hepatocarcinoma cell lines Hca-F and Hepa1-6. MicroRNA profiling and Hairpin-RT-PCR analysis showed that the expression level of miR-34a was higher in Hepa1-6 cells (of no metastatic ability) than that in Hca-F cells (of high metastatic ability). Ectopic expression of miR-34a can inhibit cell growth and cell invasion in Hepa1-6 and Hca-F cells. Moreover, miR-34a triggers G1 arrest and down-regulates CyclinD1 and CDK6 in Hepa1-6 cells. Furthermore, we proved that miR-34a decreased adhesion of Hca-F cells to regional lymph node in vitro, reduced lymph nodes-metastasized burden, and inhibited tumor lymph node metastases in vivo. All these results suggest that miR-34a plays multiple tumor suppressive roles in murine hepatocarcinoma, not only inhibiting cell growth by cell cycle arrest, but also repressing metastasis, and may serve as a novel therapeutic target for hepatocarcinoma."	0
"Title: Cell-cycle control of microRNA-mediated translation regulation. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small regulatory RNA molecules that exert post-transcriptional control overexpression of specific target mRNAs. AU-rich elements (AREs) are highly conserved 3'UTR sequences that alter the stability and translation of mRNAs of clinical importance as a rapid and transient response to external and internal changes. We recently demonstrated that a reporter mRNA containing the tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) ARE activates translation in response to quiescence via microRNA target sites in the ARE. Further studies revealed that microRNAs in general have the potential to regulate translation in a cell cycle determined manner: in quiescent cells, microRNAs activate translation while in cycling/proliferating cells, microRNAs repress translation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA: Biogenesis, Function and Role in Cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs are small, highly conserved non-coding RNA molecules involved in the regulation of gene expression. MicroRNAs are transcribed by RNA polymerases II and III, generating precursors that undergo a series of cleavage events to form mature microRNA. The conventional biogenesis pathway consists of two cleavage events, one nuclear and one cytoplasmic. However, alternative biogenesis pathways exist that differ in the number of cleavage events and enzymes responsible. How microRNA precursors are sorted to the different pathways is unclear but appears to be determined by the site of origin of the microRNA, its sequence and thermodynamic stability. The regulatory functions of microRNAs are accomplished through the RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC). MicroRNA assembles into RISC, activating the complex to target messenger RNA (mRNA) specified by the microRNA. Various RISC assembly models have been proposed and research continues to explore the mechanism(s) of RISC loading and activation. The degree and nature of the complementarity between the microRNA and target determine the gene silencing mechanism, slicer-dependent mRNA degradation or slicer-independent translation inhibition. Recent evidence indicates that P-bodies are essential for microRNA-mediated gene silencing and that RISC assembly and silencing occurs primarily within P-bodies. The P-body model outlines microRNA sorting and shuttling between specialized P-body compartments that house enzymes required for slicer -dependent and -independent silencing, addressing the reversibility of these silencing mechanisms. Detailed knowledge of the microRNA pathways is essential for understanding their physiological role and the implications associated with dysfunction and dysregulation."	0
"Title: microRNA 17/20 inhibits cellular invasion and tumor metastasis in breast cancer by heterotypic signaling. Abstract: microRNAs are thought to regulate tumor progression and invasion via direct interaction with target genes within cells. Here the microRNA17/20 cluster is shown to govern cellular migration and invasion of nearby cells via heterotypic secreted signals. microRNA17/20 abundance is reduced in highly invasive breast cancer cell lines and node-positive breast cancer specimens. Cell-conditioned medium from microRNA17/20-overexpressing noninvasive breast cancer cell MCF7 was sufficient to inhibit MDA-MB-231 cell migration and invasion through inhibiting secretion of a subset of cytokines, and suppressing plasminogen activation via inhibition of the secreted plasminogen activators (cytokeratin 8 and alpha-enolase). microRNA17/20 directly repressed IL-8 by targeting its 3' UTR, and inhibited cytokeratin 8 via the cell cycle control protein cyclin D1. At variance with prior studies, these results demonstrated a unique mechanism of how the altered microRNA17/20 expression regulates cellular secretion and tumor microenvironment to control migration and invasion of neighboring cells in breast cancer. These findings not only reveal an antiinvasive function of miR-17/20 in breast cancer, but also identify a heterotypic secreted signal that mediates the microRNA regulation of tumor metastasis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA directly enhances mitochondrial translation during muscle differentiation. Abstract: MicroRNAs are well known to mediate translational repression and mRNA degradation in the cytoplasm. Various microRNAs have also been detected in membrane-compartmentalized organelles, but the functional significance has remained elusive. Here, we report that miR-1, a microRNA specifically induced during myogenesis, efficiently enters the mitochondria where it unexpectedly stimulates, rather than represses, the translation of specific mitochondrial genome-encoded transcripts. We show that this positive effect requires specific miR:mRNA base-pairing and Ago2, but not its functional partner GW182, which is excluded from the mitochondria. We provide evidence for the direct action of Ago2 in mitochondrial translation by crosslinking immunoprecipitation coupled with deep sequencing (CLIP-seq), functional rescue with mitochondria-targeted Ago2, and selective inhibition of the microRNA machinery in the cytoplasm. These findings unveil a positive function of microRNA in mitochondrial translation and suggest a highly coordinated myogenic program via miR-1-mediated translational stimulation in the mitochondria and repression in the cytoplasm."	0
"Title: A pleiotropically acting microRNA, miR-31, inhibits breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: MicroRNAs are well suited to regulate tumor metastasis because of their capacity to coordinately repress numerous target genes, thereby potentially enabling their intervention at multiple steps of the invasion-metastasis cascade. We identify a microRNA exemplifying these attributes, miR-31, whose expression correlates inversely with metastasis in human breast cancer patients. Overexpression of miR-31 in otherwise-aggressive breast tumor cells suppresses metastasis. We deploy a stable microRNA sponge strategy to inhibit miR-31 in vivo; this allows otherwise-nonaggressive breast cancer cells to metastasize. These phenotypes do not involve confounding influences on primary tumor development and are specifically attributable to miR-31-mediated inhibition of several steps of metastasis, including local invasion, extravasation or initial survival at a distant site, and metastatic colonization. Such pleiotropy is achieved via coordinate repression of a cohort of metastasis-promoting genes, including RhoA. Indeed, RhoA re-expression partially reverses miR-31-imposed metastasis suppression. These findings indicate that miR-31 uses multiple mechanisms to oppose metastasis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-mediated mRNA translation activation in quiescent cells and oocytes involves recruitment of a nuclear microRNP. Abstract: MicroRNAs can promote translation of specific mRNAs in quiescent (G0) mammalian cells and immature Xenopus laevis oocytes. We report that microRNA-mediated upregulation of target mRNAs in oocytes is dependent on nuclear entry of the microRNA; cytoplasmically-injected microRNA repress target mRNAs. Components of the activation microRNP, AGO, FXR1 (FXR1-iso-a) and miR16 are present in the nucleus and cytoplasm. Importantly, microRNA target mRNAs for upregulation, Myt1, TNF? and a reporter bearing the TNF? AU-rich, microRNA target sequence, are associated with AGO in immature oocyte nuclei and AGO2 in G0 human nuclei, respectively. mRNAs that are repressed or lack target sites are not associated with nuclear AGO. Crosslinking-coupled immunopurification revealed greater association of AGO2 with FXR1 in the nucleus compared to cytoplasm. Consistently, overexpression of FXR1-iso-a rescues activation of cytoplasmically-injected RNAs and in low density, proliferating cells. These data indicate the importance of a compartmentalized AGO2-FXR1-iso-a complex for selective recruitment for microRNA-mediated upregulation."	0
"Title: Mechanisms of post-transcriptional regulation by microRNAs: are the answers in sight?. Abstract: MicroRNAs constitute a large family of small, approximately 21-nucleotide-long, non-coding RNAs that have emerged as key post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression in metazoans and plants. In mammals, microRNAs are predicted to control the activity of approximately 30% of all protein-coding genes, and have been shown to participate in the regulation of almost every cellular process investigated so far. By base pairing to mRNAs, microRNAs mediate translational repression or mRNA degradation. This Review summarizes the current understanding of the mechanistic aspects of microRNA-induced repression of translation and discusses some of the controversies regarding different modes of microRNA function."	0
"Title: Co-delivery of as-miR-21 and 5-FU by poly(amidoamine) dendrimer attenuates human glioma cell growth in vitro. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been demonstrated to be deregulated in different types of cancer. miR-21 is a key player in the majority of cancers. Down-regulation of miR-21 in glioblastoma cells leads to repression of cell growth, increased cellular apoptosis and cell-cycle arrest, which can theoretically enhance the chemotherapeutic effect in cancer therapy. In this study, the poly(amidoamine) (PAMAM) dendrimer was employed as a carrier to co-deliver antisense-miR-21 oligonucleotide (as-miR-21) and 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) to achieve delivery of as-miR-21 to human glioblastoma cells and enhance the cytotoxicity of 5-FU antisense therapy. The inhibitory effect toward brain tumors was evaluated by MTT assay, and measurements of cell apoptosis and invasion using the human brain glioma cell line U251. PAMAM could be simultaneously loaded with 5-FU and as-miR-21, forming a complex smaller than 100 nm in diameter. Both the chemotherapeutant and as-miR-21 could be efficiently introduced into tumor cells. The co-delivery of as-miR-21 significantly improved the cytotoxicity of 5-FU and dramatically increased the apoptosis of U251 cells, while the migration ability of the tumor cells was decreased. These results suggest that our co-delivery system may have important clinical applications in the treatment of miR-21-overexpressing glioblastoma."	0
"Title: miR-31 and its host gene lncRNA LOC554202 are regulated by promoter hypermethylation in triple-negative breast cancer. Abstract: microRNAs have been established as powerful regulators of gene expression in normal physiological as well as in pathological conditions, including cancer progression and metastasis. Recent studies have demonstrated a key role of miR-31 in the progression and metastasis of breast cancer. Downregulation of miR-31 enhances several steps of the invasion-metastasis cascade in breast cancer, i.e., local invasion, extravasation and survival in the circulation system, and metastatic colonization of distant sites. miR-31 exerts its metastasis-suppressor activity by targeting a cohort of pro-metastatic genes, including RhoA and WAVE3. The molecular mechanisms that lead to the loss of miR-31 and the activation of its pro-metastatic target genes during these specific steps of the invasion-metastasis cascade are however unknown. Results: In the present report, we identify promoter hypermethylation as one of the major mechanisms for silencing miR-31 in breast cancer, and in the triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) cell lines of basal subtype, in particular. miR-31 maps to the intronic sequence of a novel long non-coding (lnc)RNA, LOC554202 and the regulation of its transcriptional activity is under control of LOC554202. Both miR-31 and the host gene LOC554202 are down-regulated in the TNBC cell lines of basal subtype and over-expressed in the luminal counterparts. Treatment of the TNBC cell lines with either a de-methylating agent alone or in combination with a de-acetylating agent resulted in a significant increase of both miR-31 and its host gene, suggesting an epigenetic mechanism for the silencing of these two genes by promoter hypermethylation. Finally, both methylation-specific PCR and sequencing of bisulfite-converted DNA demonstrated that the LOC554202 promoter-associated CpG island is heavily methylated in the TNBC cell lines and hypomethylated in the luminal subtypes. Conclusion: Loss of miR-31 expression in TNBC cell lines is attributed to hypermethylation of its promoter-associated CpG island. Together, our results provide the initial evidence for a mechanism by which miR-31, an important determinant of the invasion metastasis cascade, is regulated in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Tumour invasion and metastasis initiated by microRNA-10b in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been implicated in regulating diverse cellular pathways. Although there is emerging evidence that some microRNAs can function as oncogenes or tumour suppressors, the role of microRNAs in mediating cancer metastasis remains unexplored. Here we show, using a combination of mouse and human cells, that microRNA-10b (miR-10b) is highly expressed in metastatic breast cancer cells and positively regulates cell migration and invasion. Overexpression of miR-10b in otherwise non-metastatic breast tumours initiates robust invasion and metastasis. Expression of miR-10b is induced by the transcription factor Twist, which binds directly to the putative promoter of mir-10b (MIRN10B). The miR-10b induced by Twist proceeds to inhibit translation of the messenger RNA encoding homeobox D10, resulting in increased expression of a well-characterized pro-metastatic gene, RHOC. Significantly, the level of miR-10b expression in primary breast carcinomas correlates with clinical progression. These findings suggest the workings of an undescribed regulatory pathway, in which a pleiotropic transcription factor induces expression of a specific microRNA, which suppresses its direct target and in turn activates another pro-metastatic gene, leading to tumour cell invasion and metastasis."	0
"Title: Epstein-Barr virus-induced miR-155 attenuates NF-kappaB signaling and stabilizes latent virus persistence. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been implicated in the modulation of gene expression programs important for normal and cancer cell development. miR-155 is known to play a role in B-cell development and is upregulated in various B-cell lymphomas, including several that are latently infected with Epstein-Barr virus (EBV). We show here that EBV infection of primary human B lymphocytes leads to the sustained elevation of miR-155 and its precursor RNA, BIC. The EBV-encoded latency membrane protein 1 (LMP1) can partially reconstitute BIC activation in B lymphocytes but not in epithelial cell cultures. LMP1 is a potent activator of NF-kappaB signaling pathways and is essential for EBV immortalization of B lymphocytes. An inhibitor to miR-155 further stimulated NF-kappaB responsive gene transcription, and IKKepsilon was identified as a potential target of miR-155 translational repression. Remarkably, miR-155 inhibitor reduced EBNA1 mRNA and the EBV copy number in latently infected cells. This suggests that miR-155 contributes to EBV immortalization by modulation of NF-kappaB signaling and the suppression of host innate immunity to latent viral infection."	0
"Title: The let-7 microRNA reduces tumor growth in mouse models of lung cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been increasingly implicated in human cancer and interest has grown about the potential to use microRNAs to combat cancer. Lung cancer is the most prevalent form of cancer worldwide and lacks effective therapies. Here we have used both in vitro and in vivo approaches to show that the let-7 microRNA directly represses cancer growth in the lung. We find that let-7 inhibits the growth of multiple human lung cancer cell lines in culture, as well as the growth of lung cancer cell xenografts in immunodeficient mice. Using an established orthotopic mouse lung cancer model, we show that intranasal let-7 administration reduces tumor formation in vivo in the lungs of animals expressing a G12D activating mutation for the K-ras oncogene. These findings provide direct evidence that let-7 acts as a tumor suppressor gene in the lung and indicate that this miRNA may be useful as a novel therapeutic agent in lung cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-183 functions as the tumor suppressor via inhibiting cellular invasion and metastasis by targeting MMP-9 in cervical cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been reported to play an important role in the invasion and metastasis of cervical cancer. miR-183 was found to inhibit or promote the invasion and metastasis of multiple solid tumors. However, the roles of miR-183 in cervical cancer are unclear. Methods: In this study, miR-183 expression levels were measured in 53 cervical cancer and 13 normal cervical tissues by qRT-PCR. The effects of forced expression of miR-183 on cervical cancer cells invasion and metastasis were investigated using Transwell uncoated or coated with growth factor-reduced Matrigel for migration or invasion assays, respectively. Results: We found that miR-183 expression levels were significantly down-regulated in cervical cancer tissues compared with normal tissues (0.15±0.011 to 0.86±0.049). Ectopic expression of miR-183 resulted in the suppression of invasion and migration of cervical cancer cell lines, siha and Hela cells (p<0.0001). Bioinformatics analysis revealed that MMP-9 was the potential target of miR-183 and it was found that MMP-9 was remarkably up-regulated in cervical cancer. Furthermore, a dual-luciferase reporter assay showed that MMP-9 as a target of miR-183 (p<0.0001). The invasion and metastasis ability of siha and Hela was suppressed when MMP-9 was down-regulated in vitro (p<0.0001). Conclusions: In conclusion, our study revealed that miR-183 might be a tumor suppressor via inhibiting the invasion and metastasis of cervical cancer cells through targeting MMP-9, indicating that miR-183 may be a novel potential therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-181 family: regulators of myeloid differentiation and acute myeloid leukemia as well as potential therapeutic targets. Abstract: MicroRNAs have been shown to play an important role in normal hematopoisis and leukemogenesis. Here, we report function and mechanisms of miR-181 family in myeloid differentiation and acute myeloid leukemia (AML). The aberrant overexpression of all the miR-181 family members (miR-181a/b/c/d) was detected in French-American-British M1, M2 and M3 subtypes of adult AML patients. By conducting gain- and loss-of-function experiments, we demonstrated that miR-181a inhibits granulocytic and macrophage-like differentiation of HL-60 cells and CD34+ hematopoietic stem/progenitor cells (HSPCs) by directly targeting and downregulating the expression of PRKCD (which then affected the PRKCD-P38-C/EBP? pathway), CTDSPL (which then affected the phosphorylation of retinoblastoma protein) and CAMKK1. The three genes were also demonstrated to be the targets of miR-181b, miR-181c and miR-181d, respectively. Significantly decreases in the expression levels of the target proteins were detected in AML patients. Inhibition of the expression of miR-181 family members owing to Lenti-miRZip-181a infection in bone marrow blasts of AML patients increased target protein expression levels and partially reversed myeloid differentiation blockage. In the mice implanted with AML CD34+ HSPCs, expression inhibition of the miR-181 family by Lenti-miRZip-181a injection improved myeloid differentiation, inhibited engraftment and infiltration of the leukemic CD34+ cells into the bone marrow and spleen, and released leukemic symptoms. In conclusion, our findings revealed new mechanism of miR-181 family in normal hematopoiesis and AML development, and suggested that expression inhibition of the miR-181 family could provide a new strategy for AML therapy."	0
"Title: miR-126 functions as a tumour suppressor in human gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs have emerged as important gene regulators and are recognised as key players in carcinogenesis. In the present study, we show that miR-126 was significantly down-regulated in gastric cancer tissues compared with matched normal tissues and was associated with clinicopathological features, including tumour size, lymph node metastasis, local invasion and tumour-node-metastasis (TNM) stage. Ectopic expression of miR-126 in SGC-7901 gastric cancer cells potently inhibited cell growth by inducing cell cycle arrest in G0/G1 phase, migration and invasion in vitro as well as tumorigenicity and metastasis in vivo. Mechanistically, we identified the adaptor protein Crk as a target of miR-126. Taken together, our results suggest that miR-126 may function as a tumour suppressor in gastric cancer, with Crk as a direct target."	0
"Title: Prognostic significance of miR-205 in endometrial cancer. Abstract: microRNAs have emerged as key regulators of gene expression, and their altered expression has been associated with tumorigenesis and tumor progression. Thus, microRNAs have potential as both cancer biomarkers and/or potential novel therapeutic targets. Although accumulating evidence suggests the role of aberrant microRNA expression in endometrial carcinogenesis, there are still limited data available about the prognostic significance of microRNAs in endometrial cancer. The goal of this study is to investigate the prognostic value of selected key microRNAs in endometrial cancer by the analysis of archival formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded tissues. Experimental design: Total RNAs were extracted from 48 paired normal and endometrial tumor specimens using Trizol based approach. The expression of miR-26a, let-7g, miR-21, miR-181b, miR-200c, miR-192, miR-215, miR-200c, and miR-205 were quantified by real time qRT-PCR expression analysis. Targets of the differentially expressed miRNAs were quantified using immunohistochemistry. Statistical analysis was performed by GraphPad Prism 5.0. Results: The expression levels of miR-200c (P<0.0001) and miR-205 (P<0.0001) were significantly increased in endometrial tumors compared to normal tissues. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis revealed that high levels of miR-205 expression were associated with poor patient overall survival (hazard ratio, 0.377; Logrank test, P = 0.028). Furthermore, decreased expression of a miR-205 target PTEN was detected in endometrial cancer tissues compared to normal tissues. Conclusion: miR-205 holds a unique potential as a prognostic biomarker in endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-34 suppresses breast cancer invasion and metastasis by directly targeting Fra-1. Abstract: MicroRNAs have key roles in tumor metastasis. Here, we describe the regulation and function of miR-34a and miR-34c (miR-34a/c) in breast cancer metastasis. Expression analysis verified that miR-34a/c expression is significantly decreased in metastatic breast cancer cells and human primary breast tumors with lymph node metastases. Overexpression of miR-34a/c could inhibit breast cancer cell migration and invasion in vitro and distal pulmonary metastasis in vivo. Further studies revealed that Fos-related antigen 1 (Fra-1 or Fosl1) is a downstream target of miR-34a/c as miR-34a/c bound directly to the 3'untranslated region of Fra-1, subsequently reducing both the mRNA and protein levels of Fra-1. Silencing of Fra-1 recapitulated the effects of miR-34a/c overexpression, whereas enforced expression of Fra-1 reverses the suppressive effects of miR-34a/c. Moreover, significant downregulation of miR-34a in metastatic breast cancer tissues was found to be inversely correlated with Fra-1 expression. Our results demonstrate that miR-34a/c functions as a metastasis suppressor to regulate breast cancer migration and invasion through targeting Fra-1 oncogene and suggest a therapeutic application of miR-34 in breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiles associated with prognosis and therapeutic outcome in colon adenocarcinoma. Abstract: MicroRNAs have potential as diagnostic biomarkers and therapeutic targets in cancer. No study has evaluated the association between microRNA expression patterns and colon cancer prognosis or therapeutic outcome. Objective: To identify microRNA expression patterns associated with colon adenocarcinomas, prognosis, or therapeutic outcome. Design, setting, and patients: MicroRNA microarray expression profiling of tumors and paired nontumorous tissues was performed on a US test cohort of 84 patients with incident colon adenocarcinoma, recruited between 1993 and 2002. We evaluated associations with tumor status, TNM staging, survival prognosis, and response to adjuvant chemotherapy. Associations were validated in a second, independent Chinese cohort of 113 patients recruited between 1991 and 2000, using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction assays. The final date of follow-up was December 31, 2005, for the Maryland cohort and August 16, 2004, for the Hong Kong cohort. Main outcome measures: MicroRNAs that were differentially expressed in tumors and microRNA expression patterns associated with survival using cancer-specific death as the end point. RESULTS Thirty-seven microRNAs were differentially expressed in tumors from the test cohort. Selected for validation were miR-20a, miR-21, miR-106a, miR-181b, and miR-203, and all 5 were enriched in tumors from the validation cohort (P < .001). Higher miR-21 expression was present in adenomas (P = .006) and in tumors with more advanced TNM staging (P < .001). In situ hybridization demonstrated miR-21 to be expressed at high levels in colonic carcinoma cells. The 5-year cancer-specific survival rate was 57.5% for the Maryland cohort and was 49.5% for the Hong Kong cohort. High miR-21 expression was associated with poor survival in both the training (hazard ratio, 2.5; 95% confidence interval, 1.2-5.2) and validation cohorts (hazard ratio, 2.4; 95% confidence interval, 1.4-3.9), independent of clinical covariates, including TNM staging, and was associated with a poor therapeutic outcome. Conclusions: Expression patterns of microRNAs are systematically altered in colon adenocarcinomas. High miR-21 expression is associated with poor survival and poor therapeutic outcome."	0
"Title: MiR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b inhibit proliferation, migration, invasion and cell cycle progression via targeting transcription factor Sp1 in gastric cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs have recently emerged as key regulators of gastric cancers. Here we found that miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b were down-regulated in gastric cancer tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b induced G1 cell cycle arrest and inhibited cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro. MiR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b targeted the transcription factor SP1, knockdown of which reduced the expression of MMP-9 and Cyclin D1 that were involved in cell growth and invasion. Thus, our findings demonstrated for the first time that miR-145, miR-133a and miR-133b suppressed the proliferation, migration, invasion and cell cycle progression of gastric cancer cells through decreasing expression of Sp1 and its downstream proteins."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in the miR-106b family regulate p21/CDKN1A and promote cell cycle progression. Abstract: microRNAs in the miR-106b family are overexpressed in multiple tumor types and are correlated with the expression of genes that regulate the cell cycle. Consistent with these observations, miR-106b family gain of function promotes cell cycle progression, whereas loss of function reverses this phenotype. Microarray profiling uncovers multiple targets of the family, including the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21/CDKN1A. We show that p21 is a direct target of miR-106b and that its silencing plays a key role in miR-106b-induced cell cycle phenotypes. We also show that miR-106b overrides a doxorubicin-induced DNA damage checkpoint. Thus, miR-106b family members contribute to tumor cell proliferation in part by regulating cell cycle progression and by modulating checkpoint functions."	0
"Title: MiR-630 promotes epithelial ovarian cancer proliferation and invasion via targeting KLF6. Abstract: MicroRNAs play critical roles in post-translational gene expression. The current study was to investigate the effects of miR-630 in epithelial ovarian cancer. Patients and methods: Thirty epithelial ovarian cancer tissue and thirty normal ovarian tissue samples were collected and were detected miR-630 expression level with qRT-PCR. MiR-630 mimics, inhibitors and negative controls were transfected into SKOV3 and Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK-8) assay, and transwell experiment were performed to detect the proliferation rate and migration, respectively. The luciferase reporter assay was utilized to identify miR-630's target gene. Balb/c nude mice were utilized to verify the effect of miR-630 in vivo. Results: QRT-PCR showed a significantly high miR-630 expression in epithelial ovarian cancer relative to normal ovarian tissue. The miR-630 overexpression promoted epithelial ovarian cancer cell SKOV3 proliferation and migration. Krüppel-like factor 6 (KLF6) was predicted as the target of miR-630. In vivo study also verified that miR-630 overexpression stimulated ovarian cancer growth. Conclusions: We propose that targeting miR-630 might be a promising therapeutic approach for ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-34a suppresses the breast cancer stem cell-like characteristics by downregulating Notch1 pathway. Abstract: MicroRNAs play pivotal roles in cancer stem cell regulation. Previous studies have shown that microRNA-34a (miR-34a) is downregulated in human breast cancer. However, it is unknown whether and how miR-34a regulates breast cancer stem cells. Notch signaling is one of the most important pathways in stem cell maintenance and function. In this study, we verified that miR-34a directly and functionally targeted Notch1 in MCF-7 cells. We reported that miR-34a negatively regulated cell proliferation, migration, and invasion and breast cancer stem cell propagation by downregulating Notch1. The expression of miR-34a was negatively correlated with tumor stages, metastasis, and Notch1 expression in breast cancer tissues. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-34a increased chemosensitivity of breast cancer cells to paclitaxel (PTX) by downregulating the Notch1 pathway. Mammosphere formation and expression of the stemness factor ALDH1 were also reduced in the cells treated with miR-34a and PTX compared to those treated with PTX alone. Taken together, our results indicate that miR-34a inhibited breast cancer stemness and increased the chemosensitivity to PTX partially by downregulating the Notch1 pathway, suggesting that miR-34a/Notch1 play an important role in regulating breast cancer stem cells. Thus miR-34a is a potential target for prevention and therapy of breast cancer."	0
"Title: Ribosome profiling shows that miR-430 reduces translation before causing mRNA decay in zebrafish. Abstract: MicroRNAs regulate gene expression through deadenylation, repression, and messenger RNA (mRNA) decay. However, the contribution of each mechanism in non-steady-state situations remains unclear. We monitored the impact of miR-430 on ribosome occupancy of endogenous mRNAs in wild-type and dicer mutant zebrafish embryos and found that miR-430 reduces the number of ribosomes on target mRNAs before causing mRNA decay. Translational repression occurs before complete deadenylation, and disrupting deadenylation with use of an internal polyadenylate tail did not block target repression. Lastly, we observed that ribosome density along the length of the message remains constant, suggesting that translational repression occurs by reducing the rate of initiation rather than affecting elongation or causing ribosomal drop-off. These results show that miR-430 regulates translation initiation before inducing mRNA decay during zebrafish development."	0
"Title: Effects of let-7c on the proliferation of ovarian carcinoma cells by targeted regulation of CDC25a gene expression. Abstract: MicroRNAs serve a role in the development of ovarian cancer (OC). The present study investigated whether let-7c is able to regulate the proliferation of OC cells by targeting cell division cycle 25A (CDC25a). The reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction was performed to detect the expression of let-7c in OC specimens. Let-7c agomir was transfected into OC cells, and the proliferation and apoptosis of OC cells were detected. A dual-luciferase assay and western blotting were performed to analyze whether CDC25a was the target gene of let-7c as well as its interaction site. The results revealed that, in OC tissue, let-7c was downregulated when compared with normal ovarian tissue. A Cell Counting Kit-8 (CCK8) assay, colony formation assay and flow cytometry demonstrated that increased expression of let-7c was able to inhibit the proliferation and increase the apoptosis of OC cells. Western blotting revealed that upregulated let-7c is able to decrease the expression of CDC25a, and a dual-luciferase assay and a recovery assay demonstrated that let-7c was able to regulate the expression of the 3' untranslated region of CDC25a. Therefore, the roles of let-7c in inhibiting the proliferation and promoting the apoptosis of OC cells may be realized through the regulation of the expression of CDC25a. The results of the present study revealed that let-7c may be a novel target in the diagnosis and treatment of OC."	0
"Title: miR-99a and -99b inhibit cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion by targeting mTOR signaling pathway. Abstract: MicroRNAs were demonstrated to play an important role in the regulation of gene expression. Here, we showed that miR-99a and -99b (miR-99a/b) were down-regulated in human cervical cancer patient tissues and were negatively related with lymphatic metastasis. In addition, overexpression of miR-99a/b inhibited cell growth and invasion, whereas suppression of miR-99a/b yielded the reverse phenotype. Dual luciferase report assay revealed that mTOR was identified as a novel target gene of both miR-99a and -99b. Altogether, these results suggested that miR-99a/b directly and negatively regulated mTOR expression in cervical cancer cells, and enforced the importance of miR-99a/b and their targets in the malignant phenotypes of cervical carcinogenesis."	0
"Title: Development of microRNA-145 for therapeutic application in breast cancer. Abstract: MicroRNAs, small non-coding RNAs, are key regulators of tumorigenesis and cancer metastasis through inhibition of gene expression. Therefore, there is increasing interest in developing anti-cancer therapies using microRNAs. In this study, we determined the therapeutic potency of microRNA-145(miR-145) against breast cancer. We found a reverse-correlation between the expression of miR-145 and its target genes, such as fascin-1, c-myc, SMAD2/3 and IGF-1R in breast cancer cell lines and breast cancer patient tissues. Transfected miR-145 mimicking double-stranded oligonucleotides was directly reduced cell proliferation and motility via interaction with 3'UTR of target gene and also indirectly regulates Wnt signaling. An inhibitor of miR-145 nullified this decreasing effect of miR-145 on cell proliferation and motility. We prepared an adenoviral constructed miR-145(Ad-miR-145) and subjected it to breast cancer cells in vitro and orthotopic breast cancer mice in vivo. Ad-miR-145 suppressed cell growth and motility in both the in vitro and in vivo systems. Furthermore, a treatment combining Ad-miR-145 with 5-FU significantly showed anti-tumor effects, compared to treating alone. In conclusion, this study demonstrated that miR-145 suppresses tumor growth by inhibition of multiple tumor survival effectors, and more we suppose that miR-145 is potentially useful in the therapy of breast cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-195 controls MICU1 expression and tumor growth in ovarian cancer. Abstract: MICU1 is a mitochondrial inner membrane protein that inhibits mitochondrial calcium entry; elevated MICU1 expression is characteristic of many cancers, including ovarian cancer. MICU1 induces both glycolysis and chemoresistance and is associated with poor clinical outcomes. However, there are currently no available interventions to normalize aberrant MICU1 expression. Here, we demonstrate that microRNA-195-5p (miR-195) directly targets the 3' UTR of the MICU1 mRNA and represses MICU1 expression. Additionally, miR-195 is under-expressed in ovarian cancer cell lines, and restoring miR-195 expression reestablishes native MICU1 levels and the associated phenotypes. Stable expression of miR-195 in a human xenograft model of ovarian cancer significantly reduces tumor growth, increases tumor doubling times, and enhances overall survival. In conclusion, miR-195 controls MICU1 levels in ovarian cancer and could be exploited to normalize aberrant MICU1 expression, thus reversing both glycolysis and chemoresistance and consequently improving patient outcomes."	0
"Title: Cationic lipid nanoparticles for therapeutic delivery of siRNA and miRNA to murine liver tumor. Abstract: miR-122, a liver-specific tumor suppressor microRNA, is frequently down-regulated in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). LNP-DP1, a cationic lipid nanoparticle formulation, was developed as a vehicle to restore deregulated gene expression in HCC cells by miR-122 delivery. LNP-DP1 consists of 2-dioleyloxy-N,N-dimethyl-3-aminopropane (DODMA), egg phosphatidylcholine, cholesterol and cholesterol-polyethylene glycol. In vitro, LNP-DP1-mediated transfection of a miR-122 mimic to HCC cells down-regulated miR-122 target genes by >95%. In vivo, siRNAs/miRNAs encapsulated in LNP-DP1 were preferentially taken up by hepatocytes and tumor cells in a mouse HCC model. The miR-122 mimic in LNP-DP1 was functional in HCC cells without causing systemic toxicity. To demonstrate its therapeutic potential, LNP-DP1 encapsulating miR-122 mimic was intratumorally injected and resulted in ~50% growth suppression of HCC xenografts within 30 days, which correlated well with suppression of target genes and impairment of angiogenesis. These data demonstrate the potential of LNP-DP1-mediated microRNA delivery as a novel strategy for HCC therapy. In this study, LNP-DP1 -a cationic lipid nanoparticle formulation -is reported as a vehicle to restore deregulated gene expression in hepatic carcinoma cells by siRNA and miRNA delivery using a mouse model. Further expansions to this study may enable transition to clinical trials of this system."	0
"Title: MiR-125 in normal and malignant hematopoiesis. Abstract: MiR-125 is a highly conserved microRNA throughout many different species from nematode to humans. In humans, there are three homologs (hsa-miR-125b-1, hsa-miR-125b-2 and hsa-miR-125a). Here we review a recent research on the role of miR-125 in normal and malignant hematopoietic cells. Its high expression in hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) enhances self-renewal and survival. Its expression in specific subtypes of myeloid and lymphoid leukemias provides resistance to apoptosis and blocks further differentiation. A direct oncogenic role in the hematopoietic system has recently been demonstrated by several mouse models. Targets of miR-125b include key proteins regulating apoptosis, innate immunity, inflammation and hematopoietic differentiation."	0
"Title: MiR-125a suppresses tumor growth, invasion and metastasis in cervical cancer by targeting STAT3. Abstract: MiR-125a has been characterized as a tumor suppressor in several cancers. However, the role of miR-125a in cervical cancer is unknown. In this study, we found the expression of miR-125a was downregulated in cervical cancer patients, and negatively correlated with the tumor size, FIGO stage, and preoperative metastasis. Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that miR-125a expression predicted favorable outcome for cervical cancer patients. Dual luciferase assays identified the STAT3 gene as a novel direct target of miR-125a. Functional studies showed that miR-125a overexpression significantly suppressed the growth, invasion and epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) of cervical cancer cells both in vitro and in vivo via decreasing STAT3 expression. Moreover, miR-125a conferred to G2/M cell cycle arrest, accompanied by inhibition of several G2/M checkpoint proteins. Mechanistically, inactivation of miR-125a during cervical carcinogenesis was caused by HPV suppression of p53 expression. Clinically, STAT3, the expression of which, predicted poorer outcome, was inversely correlated with miR-125a in cervical cancer. These data highlight the importance of miR-125a in the cell proliferation and progression of cervical cancer, and indicate that miR-125a may be a useful therapeutic target for cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Down-regulated expression of miR-134 contributes to paclitaxel resistance in human ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: MiR-134 has been reported to have a role in the development and progression of various cancers. In this study, we found that miR-134 expression was significantly decreased in chemo-resistant serous epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) patients. Over-expression of miR-134 enhanced the sensitivity of SKOV3-TR30 cells to paclitaxel, and increased paclitaxel-induced apoptosis. Further, Pak2 was identified as a direct target of miR-134, and Pak2-specific siRNA increased cell inhibition rate and promoted paclitaxal-induced apoptosis. By regulating Pak2 expression, miR-134 could mediate Bad phosphorylation at Ser112 and Ser136, which affected cell survival and apoptosis. In conclusion, our findings indicate that repression of miR-134 and consequent up-regulation of Pak2 might contribute to paclitaxel resistance."	0
"Title: Lessons from miR-143/145: the importance of cell-type localization of miRNAs. Abstract: miR-143 and miR-145 are co-expressed microRNAs (miRNAs) that have been extensively studied as potential tumor suppressors. These miRNAs are highly expressed in the colon and are consistently reported as being downregulated in colorectal and other cancers. Through regulation of multiple targets, they elicit potent effects on cancer cell growth and tumorigenesis. Importantly, a recent discovery demonstrates that miR-143 and miR-145 are not expressed in colonic epithelial cells; rather, these two miRNAs are highly expressed in mesenchymal cells such as fibroblasts and smooth muscle cells. The expression patterns of miR-143 and miR-145 and other miRNAs were initially determined from tissue level data without consideration that multiple different cell types, each with their own unique miRNA expression patterns, make up each tissue. Herein, we discuss the early reports on the identification of dysregulated miR-143 and miR-145 expression in colorectal cancer and how lack of consideration of cellular composition of normal tissue led to the misconception that these miRNAs are downregulated in cancer. We evaluate mechanistic data from miR-143/145 studies in context of their cell type-restricted expression pattern and the potential of these miRNAs to be considered tumor suppressors. Further, we examine other examples of miRNAs being investigated in inappropriate cell types modulating pathways in a non-biological fashion. Our review highlights the importance of determining the cellular expression pattern of each miRNA, so that downstream studies are conducted in the appropriate cell type."	0
"Title: LncRNA miR143HG Up-Regulates p53 In Endometrial Carcinoma By Sponging miR-125a. Abstract: MiR143HG is a recently identified tumor suppressor in bladder cancer. We performed bioinformatics prediction and found that miR143HG can form base pairs with miR-125a. This study was therefore carried out to explore the interaction between miR143HG and miR-125a in endometrial carcinoma (EC). Methods: Gene expression was analyzed by qPCR and Western blot. Interactions among genes were analyzed by over-expression experiments. Cell apoptosis after transfections was analyzed by cell apoptosis assay. Results: We found that the down-regulation of miR143HG in EC predicted poor survival. Bioinformatics analysis showed that miR-125a could bind miR143HG. In EC tissues, miR143HG was positively correlated with p53, not miR-125a. In EC cells, miR143HG and miR-125a over-expression failed to affect the expression of each other. However, miR143HG over-expression led to the up-regulated p53. MiR-125a over-expression played the opposite role and attenuated the effects of miR143HG over-expression. Cell apoptosis analysis showed that miR143HG and p53 over-expression led to an increased cell apoptotic rate. MiR-125a over-expression played the opposite role and attenuated the effects of miR143HG over-expression. Conclusion: MiR143HG may up-regulate p53 in EC by sponging miR-125a to promote cancer cell apoptosis."	0
"Title: Low miR-145 silenced by DNA methylation promotes NSCLC cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting mucin 1. Abstract: MiR-145 has been implicated in the progression of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); however, its exact mechanism is not well established. Here, we report that miR-145 expression is decreased in NSCLC cell lines and tumor tissues and that this low level of expression is associated with DNA methylation. MiR-145 methylation in NSCLC was correlated with a more aggressive tumor phenotype and was associated with poor survival time, as shown by Kaplan-Meier analysis. Additional multivariate Cox regression analysis indicated that miR-145 methylation was an independent prognostic factor for poor survival in patients with NSCLC. Furthermore, we found that restoration of miR-145 expression inhibited proliferation, migration and invasion of NSCLC by the direct targeting of mucin 1 by miR-145. Our results indicate that low miR-145 expression, due to methylation, promotes NSCLC cell proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting mucin 1. Therefore, miR-145 may be a valuable therapeutic target for NSCLC."	0
"Title: miR-145 suppresses cell invasion in hepatocellular carcinoma cells: miR-145 targets ADAM17. Abstract: miR-145 is a candidate tumor suppressor miRNA. However, it is unknown whether miR-145 is involved in the invasion of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Therefore, we aimed to explore the effect and mechanism of miR-145 in the control of HCC cell invasion. Methods: HCC cell invasion was evaluated by transwell assays after transfection with pre-miR-145 or anti-miR-145. A luciferase reporter assay was used to determine whether a disintegrin and metalloprotease 17 (ADAM17) were a target of miR-145. The levels of miR-145 and ADAM17 mRNA were detected by a real-time polymerase chain reaction assay, and the level of ADAM17 protein was measured by western blot analysis. Pearson's correlation test was used to assess the correlation between ADAM17 mRNA expression and miR-145 expression in 20 HCC tissue samples. Results: miR-145 was significantly downregulated in HCC tissues and cell lines. The loss of miR-145 expression was associated with the tumor-node-metastasis stage, vascular invasion and intrahepatic metastasis. The overexpression of miR-145 was able to suppress tumor MHCC-97H cell invasion, whereas the knockdown of miR-145 expression induced SMMC-7721 cell invasion. We demonstrated that miR-145 bound directly to the 3'-untranslated region of ADAM17 and inhibited the expression of ADAM17. The knockdown of ADAM17 in SMMC-7721 cells could partially reverse the effects of anti-miR-145. miR-145 expression was inversely associated with ADAM17 expression in 20 HCC tissue specimens. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that miR-145 could inhibit HCC cell invasion by regulating the expression of ADAM17."	0
"Title: NEDD9, a novel target of miR-145, increases the invasiveness of glioblastoma. Abstract: miR-145 is an important repressor of pluripotency in embryonic stem cells and a tumor suppressor in different cancers. Here, we found that miR-145 is strongly down-regulated in glioblastoma (GB) specimens and corresponding glioblastomaneurospheres (GB-NS, containing GB stem-like cells) compared to normal brain (NB) and to low-grade gliomas (LGG). We observed a direct correlation between miR-145 expression and the progression-free survival (PFS) in LGG patients and overall survival (OS) in GB patients. Using microarray analysis, we identified relevant differences in gene expression profiles between GB-NS over-expressing miR-145 (miRover-NS) and GB-NS Empty (Empty-NS). We focused our attention on HEF1/Cas-L/NEDD9, a scaffold protein involved in invasion in several types of cancer. We confirmed a significant down-regulation of NEDD9 in miRover-NS and we found a higher expression in GB and GB-NS compared to NB. Approximately 50% of LGG patients expressed higher levels of NEDD9 than NB, and the PFS of such patients was shorter than in patients expressing lower levels of NEDD9. We observed that intracranial injection of GB-NS over-expressing miR-145 delays significantly tumor development :deriving tumors showed a significant down-regulation of NEDD9. In addition, we demonstrated a significant inhibition of invasion in silencing experiments with GB-NS shNEDD9 (shNEDD9), and an up-regulation of miR-145 in shNEDD9, suggesting a doublenegative feedback loop between miR-145 and NEDD9. Our results demonstrate the critical role of miR-145 and NEDD9 in regulating glioblastoma invasion and suggest a potential role of NEDD9 as a biomarker for glioma progression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 is regulated by DNA methylation and p53 gene mutation in prostate cancer. Abstract: MiR-145 is downregulated in various cancers including prostate cancer. However, the underlying mechanisms of miR-145 downregulation are not fully understood. Here, we reported that miR-145 was silenced through DNA hypermethylation and p53 mutation status in laser capture microdissected (LCM) prostate cancer and matched adjacent normal tissues. In 22 of 27 (81%) prostate tissues, miR-145 was significantly downregulated in the cancer compared with the normal tissues. Further studies on miR-145 downregulation mechanism showed that miR-145 is methylated at the promoter region in both prostate cancer tissues and 50 different types of cancer cell lines. In seven cancer cell lines with miR-145 hypermethylation, 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine treatment dramatically induced miR-145 expression. Interestingly, we also found a significant correlation between miR-145 expression and the status of p53 gene in both LCM prostate tissues and 47 cancer cell lines. In 29 cell lines with mutant p53, miR-145 levels were downregulated in 28 lines (97%), whereas in 18 cell lines with wild-type p53 (WT p53), miR-145 levels were downregulated in only 6 lines (33%, P < 0.001). Electrophoretic mobility shift assay showed that p53 binds to the p53 response element upstream of miR-145, but the binding was inhibited by hypermethylation. To further confirm that p53 binding to miR-145 could regulate miR-145 expression, we transfected WT p53 and MUT p53 into PC-3 cells and found that miR-145 is upregulated by WT p53 but not with MUTp53. The apoptotic cells are increased after WT p53 transfection. In summary, this is the first report documenting that downregulation of miR-145 is through DNA methylation and p53 mutation pathways in prostate cancer."	0
"Title: SWAP70, actin-binding protein, function as an oncogene targeting tumor-suppressive miR-145 in prostate cancer. Abstract: MiR-145 is down-regulated in various human cancers. We previously demonstrated that some actin-binding proteins were targeted by several microRNAs (miRNAs), including miR-145, in bladder and prostate cancer (CaP). The aim of this study is to determine a novel oncogenic gene targeted by miR-145 by focusing on actin-binding proteins in CaP. Methods: We focused on the SWAP switching B-cell complex 70 kDa subunit (SWAP70), which is an F-actin binding protein involved in activating B-cell transformation. A luciferase reporter assay was used to identify the actual binding sites between miR-145 and SWAP70 mRNA. Cell viability was evaluated by cell proliferation, wound healing, and matrigel invasion assays in si-SWAP70 transfectants. A total of 75 clinical prostate specimens were subjected to immunohistochemistry of SWAP70. Results: Molecular target searches of this miRNA and the luciferase reporter assay showed that SWAP70 was directly regulated by miR-145. Silencing of SWAP70 studies demonstrated significant inhibitions of cell migration and invasion in CaP cell lines. The SWAP70 positive-staining was significantly higher in percentage in the CaP than in benign prostate hyperplasia tissue. Conclusions: Down-regulation of miR-145 was a frequent event in CaP, and it may have a tumor suppressive function. SWAP70 may be a target of miR-145, and it might have a potential oncogenic function. The novel molecular networks though which miR-145 acts, may provide new insights into the underlying molecular mechanisms of CaP."	0
"Title: MiR-145 inhibits tumor angiogenesis and growth by N-RAS and VEGF. Abstract: MiR-145 is known as a tumor suppressor in numerous human cancers. However, its role in tumor angiogenesis remains poorly defined. In this study, we found that miR-145 was significantly downregulated in breast cancer tissues by using 106 cases of normal and cancer tissues as well as in breast cancer cells. MiR-145 exhibited inhibitory role in tumor angiogenesis, cell growth and invasion and tumor growth through the post-transcriptional regulation of the novel targets N-RAS and VEGF-A. In addition, we provide evidence that the expression levels of miR-145 correlate inversely with malignancy stages of breast tumors, although there is no association between miR-145 levels and hormone receptor levels in breast cancer. Taken together, these results demonstrate that miR-145 plays important inhibitory role in breast cancer malignancy by targeting N-RAS and VEGF-A, which may be potential therapeutic and diagnostic targets."	0
"Title: MiR-155 promotes proliferation of human breast cancer MCF-7 cells through targeting tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1. Abstract: MiR-155 has emerged as an ""oncomiR"", which is the most significantly up-regulated miRNA in breast cancer. However, the mechanisms of miR-155 functions as an oncomiR are mainly unknown. In this study, the aims were to investigate the effects of miR-155 on cell proliferation, cell cycle, and cell apoptosis of ERalpha (+) breast cancer cells and to verify whether TP53INP1 (tumor protein 53-induced nuclear protein 1) is a target of miR-155, and tried to explore the mechanisms of miR-155 in this process. Results: The expression of miR-155 is significantly higher in MCF-7 cells compared with MDA-MB-231 cells. Ectopic expression of TP53INP1 inhibits growth of MCF-7 cells by inducing cell apoptosis and inhibiting cell cycle progression. Overexpression of miR-155 increases cell proliferation and suppress cell apoptosis, whereas abrogating expression of miR-155 suppress cell proliferation and promotes cell apoptosis of MCF-7 cells. In addition, miR-155 negatively regulates TP53INP1 mRNA expression and the protein expression of TP53INP1, cleaved-caspase-3, -8, -9, and p21, and luciferase reporter reveals that TP53INP1 is targeted by miR-155. Conclusions: TP53INP1 is the direct target of miR-155. MiR-155, which is overexpressed in MCF-7 cells, contributes to proliferation of MCF-7 cells possibly through down-regulating target TP53INP1."	0
"Title: Second-generation aptamer-conjugated PSMA-targeted delivery system for prostate cancer therapy. Abstract: miR-15a and miR-16-1 have been identified as tumor suppressor genes in prostate cancer, but their safe and effective delivery to target cells is key to the successful use of this therapeutic strategy. RNA aptamer A10 has been used as a ligand, targeting prostate cancer cells that express prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA). Compared with A10, the binding of the second-generation RNA aptamer, A10-3.2, to PSMA is more efficient. Methods: A10-3.2 was investigated as a PSMA-targeting ligand in the design of a polyamidoamine (PAMAM)-based microRNA (miR-15a and miR-16-1) vector to prostate cancer cells. Using polyethyleneglycol (PEG) as a spacer, PAMAM was conjugated to aptamer (PAMAM-PEG-APT) and used as a vehicle for miRNA target delivery. Results: Luciferase assays of pGL-3 expression against PC3 (PSMA(-)) and LNCaP (PSMA(+)) cells demonstrated that the transfection efficiency of the synthesized DNA/PAMAM-PEG-APT complex was higher than that of the DNA/PAMAM-PEG complex. In addition, cell viability assays of LNCaP (PSMA(+)) cells showed that, with a N/P ratio of 15:1, the IC(50) value of miRNA/PAMAM-PEG-APT was approximately 4.7-fold lower than that of miRNA/PAMAM-PEG. Conclusion: This PSMA-targeted system may prove useful in widening the therapeutic window and allow for selective killing of prostate cancer cells."	0
"Title: Targeted deletion reveals essential and overlapping functions of the miR-17 through 92 family of miRNA clusters. Abstract: miR-17 approximately 92, miR-106b approximately 25, and miR-106a approximately 363 belong to a family of highly conserved miRNA clusters. Amplification and overexpression of miR-1792 is observed in human cancers, and its oncogenic properties have been confirmed in a mouse model of B cell lymphoma. Here we show that mice deficient for miR-17 approximately 92 die shortly after birth with lung hypoplasia and a ventricular septal defect. The miR-17 approximately 92 cluster is also essential for B cell development. Absence of miR-17 approximately 92 leads to increased levels of the proapoptotic protein Bim and inhibits B cell development at the pro-B to pre-B transition. Furthermore, while ablation of miR-106b approximately 25 or miR-106a approximately 363 has no obvious phenotypic consequences, compound mutant embryos lacking both miR-106b approximately 25 and miR-17 approximately 92 die at midgestation. These results provide key insights into the physiologic functions of this family of microRNAs and suggest a link between the oncogenic properties of miR-17 approximately 92 and its functions during B lymphopoiesis and lung development."	0
"Title: B-cell malignancies in microRNA E?-miR-17~92 transgenic mice. Abstract: miR-17?92 is a polycistronic microRNA (miR) cluster (consisting of miR-17, miR-18a, miR-19a, miR-19b, miR-20a, and miR-92a) which frequently is overexpressed in several solid and lymphoid malignancies. Loss- and gain-of-function studies have revealed the role of miR-17?92 in heart, lung, and B-cell development and in Myc-induced B-cell lymphomas, respectively. Recent studies indicate that overexpression of this locus leads to lymphoproliferation, but no experimental proof that dysregulation of this cluster causes B-cell lymphomas or leukemias is available. To determine whether miR-17?92- overexpression induces lymphomagenesis/leukemogenesis, we generated a B-cell-specific transgenic mouse model with targeted overexpression of this cluster in B cells. The miR-17?92 overexpression was driven by the Eµ-enhancer and Ig heavy-chain promoter, and a 3' GFP tag was added to the transgene to track the miR expression. Expression analysis using Northern Blot and quantitative RT-PCR confirmed 2.5- to 25-fold overexpression of all six miRs in the transgenic mice spleens as compared with spleens from wild-type mice. Eµ-miR-17?92 mice developed B-cell malignancy by the age of 12-18 mo with a penetrance of ?80% (49% splenic B-cell lymphoproliferative disease, 28% lymphoma). At this stage mice exhibited severe splenomegaly with abnormal B-cell-derived white pulp expansion and enlarged lymph nodes. Interestingly, we found three classes of B-cell lymphomas/leukemias at varying grades of differentiation. These included expansion of CD19(+) and CD5(+) double-positive B cells similar to the aggressive form of human B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, B220(+) CD43(+) B1-cell proliferation, and a CD19(+) aggressive diffuse large B-cell lymphoma-like disease, as assessed by flow cytometry and histopathological analysis."	0
"Title: miR-21 Gene expression triggered by AP-1 is sustained through a double-negative feedback mechanism. Abstract: miR-21 has been reported to be highly expressed in various cancers and to be inducible in a human promyelocytic cell line, HL-60, after phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (PMA) treatment. To examine molecular mechanisms involved in miR-21 expression, we analyzed the structure of the miR-21 gene by determining its promoter and primary transcripts. We show that activation protein 1 (AP-1) activates the miR-21 transcription in conjugation with the SWI/SNF complex, after PMA stimulation, through the conserved AP-1 and PU.1 binding sites in the promoter identified here. The previous findings of enhanced miR-21 expression in several cancers may therefore reflect the elevated AP-1 activity in these carcinomas. A single precursor RNA containing miR-21 was transcribed just downstream from the TATA box in this promoter, which is located in an intron of a coding gene, TMEM49. More important, expression of this overlapping gene is completely PMA-independent and all its transcripts are polyadenylated before reaching the miR-21 hairpin embedding region, indicating that miRNAs could have their own promoter even if overlapped with other genes. By available algorithms that predict miRNA target using a conservation of sequence complementary to the miRNA seed sequence, we next predicted and confirmed that the NFIB mRNA is a target of miR-21. NFIB protein usually binds the miR-21 promoter in HL-60 cells as a negative regulator and is swept off from the miR-21 promoter during PMA-induced macrophage differentiation of HL-60. The translational repression of NFIB mRNA by miR-21 accelerates clearance of NFIB in parallel with the simultaneous miR-21-independent transcriptional repression of NFIB after PMA stimulation. Since exogenous miR-21 expression moderately induced endogenous miR-21, an evolutionarily conserved double-negative feedback regulation would be operating as a mechanism to sustain miR-21 expression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) post-transcriptionally downregulates tumor suppressor PDCD4 and promotes cell transformation, proliferation, and metastasis in renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: MiR-21 induces neoplastic transformation, cell proliferation, and metastasis and downregulates programmed cell death4 (PDCD4) in some cancers. The aim of this study was to investigate the roles and interactions of PDCD4 and miR-21 in human renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Materials and methods: A total of 32 paired tumor and normal tissue specimens from RCC patients as well as three renal cancer cell lines (786-O, A498, caki-1) and one normal epithelial kidney cell line (HK-2) were studied. The expression levels of PDCD4 (protein and mRNA) and miR-21 were examined by Western blot analysis and by qRT-PCR and luciferase reporter assays. Furthermore, we transfected 786-O cells with pre-miR-21 (mimics) and anti-miR-21 (inhibitor) and then again analyzed the expression of PDCD4 protein and mRNA, and determined cell proliferation and transformation capabilities by EDU and soft agar colony formation assay. Results: MiR-21 expression was significantly upregulated in RCC, metastatic RCC specimens and renal cancer cell lines (A498, 786-O, caki-1) compared to normal non-metastatic RCC specimens and HK-2 cells (P<0.05). In contrast, PDCD4 protein expression significantly decreased (P<0.05), whereas PDCD4 mRNA expression remained unaltered (P>0.05). Moreover, we observed a significant reduction in PDCD4 protein levels in miR-21mimic-transfected cells, but a significant increase in miR-21inhibitor-transfected cells (P<0.05), whereas PDCD4 mRNA was practically unaltered (P>0.05). Furthermore, miR-21mimic-transfected cells exhibited increased cell proliferation and transformation capacity according to EDU analysis and soft agar formation assay, whereas miR-21inhibitor-transfected cells exhibited the opposite phenomenon(P<0.05). Conclusions: MiR-21 not only promoted cancer cell hyperplasia and contributed to tumor cell transformation and metastasis, but also post-transcriptionally downregulated PDCD4 protein expression. PDCD4 and miR-21 expression levels potentially play an important role in renal cell cancer."	0
"Title: Turning 21: Induction of miR-21 as a Key Switch in the Inflammatory Response. Abstract: miR-21 is one of the most highly expressed members of the small non-coding microRNA family in many mammalian cell types. Its expression is further enhanced in many diseased states including solid tumors, cardiac injury, and inflamed tissue. While the induction of miR-21 by inflammatory stimuli cells has been well documented in both hematopoietic cells of the immune system (particularly monocytes/macrophages but also dendritic and T-cells) and non-hematopoietic tumorigenic cells, the exact functional outcome of this elevated miR-21 is less obvious. Recent studies have confirmed a key role for miR-21 in the resolution of inflammation and in negatively regulating the pro-inflammatory response induced by many of the same stimuli that trigger miR-21 induction itself. In particular, miR-21 has emerged as a key mediator of the anti-inflammatory response in macrophages. This suggests that miR-21 inhibition in leukocytes will promote inflammation and may enhance current therapies for defective immune responses such as cancer, mycobacterial vaccines, or Th2-associated allergic inflammation. At the same time, miR-21 has been shown to promote inflammatory mediators in non-hematopoietic cells resulting in neoplastic transformation. This review will focus on functional studies of miR-21 during inflammation, which is complicated by the numerous molecular targets and processes that have emerged as miR-21 sensitive. It may be that the exact functional outcome of miR-21 is determined by multiple features including the cell type affected, the inducing signal, the transcriptomic profile of the cell, which ultimately affect the availability and ability to engage different target mRNAs and bring about its unique responses. Reviewing this data may illustrate that RNA-based oligonucleotide therapies for different diseases based upon miR-21 may have to target the unique and operative miRNA:mRNA interactions' functionally active in disease."	0
"Title: Serum miR-210 Contributes to Tumor Detection, Stage Prediction and Dynamic Surveillance in Patients with Bladder Cancer. Abstract: MiR-210 is the master hypoxamir that generally exhibits oncogenic properties in most human solid tumors including bladder cancer (BC). However, it remains unknown about the clinical significance of circulating miR-210 levels in BC. In this study, we found that serum miR-210 was up-regulated in patients with BC, and serum levels of miR-210 increased with advancing stage and grade. Moreover, serum miR-210 expression was found to be significantly reduced in paired post-operative samples and elevated in most patients with relapsed BC. Taken together, our data suggest that serum miR-210 could be a potential noninvasive biomarker for screening, predicting and monitoring BC."	0
"Title: Hypoxia-induced miR-210 in epithelial ovarian cancer enhances cancer cell viability via promoting proliferation and inhibiting apoptosis. Abstract: miR-210 is upregulated in a HIF-1?-dependent way in several types of cancers. In addition, upregulated miR-210 promotes cancer proliferation, via its anti-apoptotic effects. It is blind to the regulation of miR-210 under hypoxia conditions for ovarian cancer cells and to the effect of miR-210 on ovarian cancer growth. In the present study, we determined the expression of miR-210 in epithelial ovarian cancer specimens, and in ovarian cancer cell lines under hypoxia conditions, and determined in detail the effect of miR-210 overexpression on tumor cell proliferation, and the possible mechanisms of tumor growth by miR-210 regulation. It was shown that miR-210 expression is upregulated, in response to hypoxia conditions in epithelial ovarian cancer specimens as well as epithelial ovarian cancer cell lines, with an association to HIF-1? overexpression. Furthermore, upregulated miR-210 promoted tumor growth in vitro via targeting PTPN1 and inhibiting apoptosis. Therefore, our findings shed light on the mechanism of ovarian cancer adaptation to hypoxia."	0
"Title: Targeted delivery of microRNA-29b by transferrin-conjugated anionic lipopolyplex nanoparticles: a novel therapeutic strategy in acute myeloid leukemia. Abstract: miR-29b directly or indirectly targets genes involved in acute myeloid leukemia (AML), namely, DNMTs, CDK6, SP1, KIT, and FLT3. Higher miR-29b pretreatment expression is associated with improved response to decitabine and better outcome in AML. Thus, designing a strategy to increase miR-29b levels in AML blasts may be of therapeutic value. However, free synthetic miRs are easily degraded in bio-fluids and have limited cellular uptake. To overcome these limitations, we developed a novel transferrin-conjugated nanoparticle delivery system for synthetic miR-29b (Tf-NP-miR-29b). Experimental design: Delivery efficiency was investigated by flow cytometry, confocal microscopy, and quantitative PCR. The expression of miR-29b targets was measured by immunoblotting. The antileukemic activity of Tf-NP-miR-29b was evaluated by measuring cell proliferation and colony formation ability and in a leukemia mouse model. Results: Tf-NP-miR-29b treatment resulted in more than 200-fold increase of mature miR-29b compared with free miR-29b and was approximately twice as efficient as treatment with non-transferrin-conjugated NP-miR-29b. Tf-NP-miR-29b treatment significantly downregulated DNMTs, CDK6, SP1, KIT, and FLT3 and decreased AML cell growth by 30% to 50% and impaired colony formation by approximately 50%. Mice engrafted with AML cells and then treated with Tf-NP-miR-29b had significantly longer survival compared with Tf-NP-scramble (P = 0.015) or free miR-29b (P = 0.003). Furthermore, priming AML cell with Tf-NP-miR-29b before treatment with decitabine resulted in marked decrease in cell viability in vitro and showed improved antileukemic activity compared with decitabine alone (P = 0.001) in vivo. Conclusions: Tf-NP effectively delivered functional miR-29b, resulting in target downregulation and antileukemic activity and warrants further investigation as a novel therapeutic approach in AML."	0
"Title: Evidence of novel miR-34a-based therapeutic approaches for multiple myeloma treatment. Abstract: MiR-34a acts as tumor suppressor microRNA (miRNA) in several cancers, including multiple myeloma (MM), by controlling the expression of target proteins involved in cell cycle, differentiation and apoptosis. Here, we have investigated the combination between miR-34a and ?-secretase inhibitor (?SI), Sirtinol or zoledronic acid (ZOL) in order to enhance the inhibitory action of this miRNA on its canonical targets such as Notch1 and SIRT1, and on Ras/MAPK-dependent pathways. Our data demonstrate that miR-34a synthetic mimics significantly enhance the anti-tumor activity of all the above-mentioned anti-cancer agents in RPMI 8226 MM cells. We found that ?SI enhanced miR-34a-dependent anti-tumor effects by activating the extrinsic apoptotic pathway which could overcome the cytoprotective autophagic mechanism. Moreover, the combination between miR-34a and ?SI increased the cell surface calreticulin (CRT) expression, that is well known for triggering anti-tumor immunological response. The combination between miR-34a and Sirtinol induced the activation of an intrinsic apoptotic pathway along with increased surface expression of CRT. Regarding ZOL, we found a powerful growth inhibition after enforced miR-34a expression, which was not likely attributable to neither apoptosis nor autophagy modulation. Based on our data, the combination of miR-34a with other anti-cancer agents appears a promising anti-MM strategy deserving further investigation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-373 functions as an oncogene and targets YOD1 gene in cervical cancer. Abstract: miR-373 was reported to be elevated in several tumors; however, the role of miR-373 in cervical cancer has not been investigated. In this study we aimed to investigate the role of miR-373 in tumorigenicity of cervical cancer cells in vivo and in vitro. The expression of miR-373 was investigated using real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction assay in 45 cervical specimens and cervical cancer cell lines. The role of miR-373 in tumorigenicity of cervical cancer cells was assessed by cell proliferation, colony formation in vitro as well as tumor growth assays in vivo with the overexpression of miR-373 or gene silencing. The functional target gene of miR-373 in cervical cancer cells was identified using integrated bioinformatics analysis, gene expression arrays, and luciferase assay. We founded that the expression of miR-373 is upregulated in human cervical cancer tissues and cervical carcinoma cell lines when compared to the corresponding noncancerous tissues. Ectopic overexpression of miR-373 in human cervical cancer cells promoted cell growth in vitro and tumorigenicity in vivo, whereas silencing the expression of miR-373 decreased the rate of cell growth. YOD1 was identified as a direct and functional target of miR-373 in cervical cancer cells. Expression levels of miR-373 were inversely correlated with YOD1 levels in human cervical cancer tissues. RNAi-mediated knockdown of YOD1 phenocopied the proliferation-promoting effect of miR-373. Moreover, overexpression of YOD1 abrogated miR-373-induced proliferation of cervical cancer cells. These results demonstrate that miR-373 increases proliferation by directly targeting YOD1, a new potential therapeutic target in cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Mir-595 is a significant indicator of poor patient prognosis in epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: MiR-595 has been demonstrated to be involved in tumorigenesis of several cancers. However, the clinical significance of miR-595 in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to explore the correlation of miR-595 expression with clinicopathologic features and prognosis in EOC patients. Patients and methods: Quantitative Real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) was performed to evaluate the expression level of miR-595 in all participants. Correlations between miR-595 levels and clinicopathological factors were investigated. Association of miR-595 expression with overall survival was estimated by the Kaplan-Meier method. Univariate and multivariate Cox regression analyses were performed. Results: We observed that miR-595 was downregulated in EOC tissues in comparison with noncancerous ovarian tissues (p < 0.05). In addition, low miR-595 expression level was significantly associated with advanced FIGO stage (p = 0.003), distant metastasis (p = 0.002), and grade (p = 0.014). Furthermore, significantly shorter overall survival was observed in patients with lower expression of the miR-595. At last, multivariate analysis revealed that decreased expression of miR-595 was an independent predictor of overall survival of EOC patients. Conclusions: Our data indicated that miR-595 expression might be a novel potential prognostic biomarker for EOC."	0
"Title: miRBase: integrating microRNA annotation and deep-sequencing data. Abstract: miRBase is the primary online repository for all microRNA sequences and annotation. The current release (miRBase 16) contains over 15,000 microRNA gene loci in over 140 species, and over 17,000 distinct mature microRNA sequences. Deep-sequencing technologies have delivered a sharp rise in the rate of novel microRNA discovery. We have mapped reads from short RNA deep-sequencing experiments to microRNAs in miRBase and developed web interfaces to view these mappings. The user can view all read data associated with a given microRNA annotation, filter reads by experiment and count, and search for microRNAs by tissue- and stage-specific expression. These data can be used as a proxy for relative expression levels of microRNA sequences, provide detailed evidence for microRNA annotations and alternative isoforms of mature microRNAs, and allow us to revisit previous annotations. miRBase is available online at: http://www.mirbase.org/."	0
"Title: Genome-wide functional screening of miR-23b as a pleiotropic modulator suppressing cancer metastasis. Abstract: miRNA globally deregulates human carcinoma. A critical open question is how many miRNAs functionally participate in cancer development, particularly in metastasis. We systematically evaluate the capability of all known human miRNAs to regulate certain metastasis-relevant cell behaviours. To perform the high-throughput screen of miRNAs, which regulate cell migration, we developed a novel self-assembled cell microarray. Here we show that over 20% of miRNAs have migratory regulation activity in diverse cell types, indicating a general involvement of miRNAs in migratory regulation. MiR-23b, which is downregulated in human colon cancer samples, potently mediates the multiple steps of metastasis, including tumour growth, invasion and angiogenesis in vivo. It regulates a cohort of prometastatic targets, including FZD7 or MAP3k1. These findings provide new insight into the physiological and potential therapeutic importance of miRNAs as a new class of functional modulators."	0
"Title: miR-214 down-regulates MKK3 and suppresses malignant phenotypes of cervical cancer cells. Abstract: miRNA mediated genetic regulation is widely involved in carcinogenesis of cervical cancer. In this study, miR-214 was confirmed to directly regulate MKK3 via imperfect base-pairing to its 3'UTR, resulting down-regulation of its expression level. Compared to normal tissues, a down-regulated level of miR-214 was observed in cervical cancer, while MKK3 was up-regulated. Next, we demonstrated that over-expression of miR-214 or knockdown of MKK3 can inhibit the growth, proliferation, invasion and migration of cervical cancer in vitro and in vivo. Moreover, the effects of miR-214 in HeLa cells were rescued by the restoration of MKK3. In conclusion, our results laid new foundations for investigating the pathogenesis and diagnosis of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Therapeutic potential for microRNAs. Abstract: MiRNAs are a conserved class of non-coding RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression post-transcriptionally. Although their biological roles are largely unknown, examples of their importance in cancer, metabolic disease, and viral infection are accumulating, suggesting that they represent a new class of drug targets in these and likely many other therapeutic areas. Antisense oligonucleotide approaches for inhibiting miRNA function and siRNA-like technologies for replacement of miRNAs are currently being explored as tools for uncovering miRNA biology and as potential therapeutic agents. The next few years should see significant progress in our understanding of miRNA biology and the advancement of the technology for therapeutic modulation of miRNA activity."	0
"Title: Effects of anti-miR-182 on TSP-1 expression in human colon cancer cells: there is a sense in antisense?. Abstract: miRNAs are attractive molecules for cancer treatment, including colon rectal cancer (CRC). We investigate on the molecular mechanism by which miR-182 could regulate thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1) expression, a protein downregulated in CRC and inversely correlated with tumor vascularity and metastasis. Background: MicroRNAs are small non-coding RNAs that regulate the expression of different genes, involved in cancer progression, angiogenesis and metastasis. miR-182, over-expressed in colorectal cancer (CRC), has like predictive target thrombospondin-1 (TSP-1), a protein inversely correlated with tumor vascularity and metastasis that results downregulated in different types of cancer including CRC. Results: We found that TSP-1 increased after transfection with anti-miR-182 and we showed that miR-182 targets TSP-1 3'UTR-mRNA in both cells. Moreover, we observed that anti-miR-182 did not induce significant variation of Egr-1 expression, but affected the nuclear translocation and its binding on tsp-1 promoter in HCT-116. Equally, Sp-1 was slightly increased as total protein, rather we found a nuclear accumulation and its loading on the TSP-1 promoter in HT-29 transfected with anti-miR-182. Conclusion: Our data suggest that miR-182 targets the anti-angiogenic factor TSP-1 and that anti-miR-182 determines an upregulation of TSP-1 expression in colon cancer cells. Moreover, anti-miR-182 exerts a transcriptional regulatory mechanism of tsp-1 modulating Egr-1 and Sp-1 function. Anti-miR-182 could be used to restore TSP-1 expression in order to contrast angiogenic and invasive events in CRC."	0
"Title: ANXA1 inhibits miRNA-196a in a negative feedback loop through NF-kB and c-Myc to reduce breast cancer proliferation. Abstract: MiRNAs are endogenous ~22 nt RNAs which play critical regulatory roles in a wide range of biological and pathological processes, which can act as oncogenes or tumor suppressor genes depending on their target genes. We have recently shown that ANXA1 inhibits the expression of miRNAs including miR196a. Here, we show that miR196a was highly expressed in ER+ MCF-7 breast cancer cells when compared to normal mammary gland cells, with expression levels negatively correlating to ANXA1. ANXA1 inhibits the biogenesis of oncogenic miR-196a by suppressing primary-miR196a indirectly through the stimulation of c-myc and NFkB expression and activity in breast cancer cells. In a negative feedback loop, miR-196a directly inhibits ANXA1 and enhances breast cancer cell proliferation in vitro. Finally, miR196a promotes breast tumor growth in vivo. This study reports a novel regulatory circuit between ANXA1, NF-kB, c-myc and miR-196a which regulates breast cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth."	0
"Title: Elevated expression of miR-210 predicts poor survival of cancer patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Abstract: MiRNAs are important regulators of different biological processes, including tumorigenesis. MiR-210 is a potential prognostic factor for survival in patients with cancer according to previous clinical researches. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to summarize the significance of increased miR-210 expression in the prognosis of indicated cancers. Methodology/principal findings: The present systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 researches included 1809 patients with 7 different types of cancers from 7 countries, and aimed to explore the association between miR-210 expression and the survival of cancer patients. Over-expression of miR-210 may predict poor overall survival (OS, HR = 1.33, 95% CI: 0.85-2.09, P = 0.210), but the effect was not significant. While the predictive effect on disease-free survival (DFS, HR = 1.89, 95% CI: 1.30-2.74, P = 0.001), progression-free survival (PFS, HR = 1.20, 95% CI: 1.05-1.38, P = 0.007) and relapse-free survival(RFS, HR = 4.42, 95% CI: 2.14-9.15, P = 0.000) for patients with breast cancer, primary head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC), renal cancer, soft-tissue sarcoma, pediatric osteosarcoma, bladder cancer or glioblastoma was certain. Subgroup analysis showed the limited predictive effect of over-expressed miR-210 on breast cancer OS (HR = 1.63, 95% CI: 0.47-5.67, P = 0.443), breast cancer DFS (HR = 2.03, 95% CI: 0.90-4.57, P = 0.088), sarcoma OS (HR = 1.24, 95% CI: 0.20-7.89, P = 0.818) and renal cancer OS (HR = 1.16, 95% CI: 0.27-4.94, P = 0.842). Conclusions/significance: This systematic review and meta-analysis suggests that miR-210 has a predictive effect on survival of patients with studied cancer types as indexed by disease-free survival, progression-free survival and relapse-free survival. While the predictive effect on overall survival, breast cancer overall survival, breast cancer disease-free survival, sarcoma overall survival and renal cancer overall survival was not statistically significant."	0
"Title: The effects of microRNA-183 promots cell proliferation and invasion by targeting MMP-9 in endometrial cancer. Abstract: MiRNAs are known to play important roles in cancer cell development. However, the pattern and biological role of miR-183 in endometrial cancer (EC) have not been completely unexplored. Here, we found that miR-183 was upregulated in endometrial cancer cells. The purpose of the study was to evaluate the function of miR-183 in the endometrial cancer cell line and the mechanisms regulating its direct target protein in these processes. The mRNA and protein expressions were analyzed by quantitative RT-PCR and western blotting, respectively. The experiments about MTT assay, colony formation assay and transwell assay showed that miR-183 can positively regulate cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro. Furthermore, the in vivo experiments indicated that knockdown of miR-183 significantly attenuated EC cells growth. Mechanistically, luciferase reporter assay and western blotting assay was conducted to confirm target associations. The data analysis revealed that MMP-9 as a direct target of miR-183 in EC and there was a negatively relationship between miR-183 and MMP-9 expression in EC cells. Taken together, our results demonstrated that miR-183 plays a critical role in EC tumorigenesis and metastasis by suppressing MMP-9 expression, which may be an attractive therapeutic target for the treatment of endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: miR221/222 in cancer: their role in tumor progression and response to therapy. Abstract: miRNAs are small non-coding RNAs of ~24 nt that can block mRNA translation and/or negatively regulate its stability. There is a large body of evidence that dysregulation of miRNAs is a hallmark of cancer. miRNAs are often aberrantly expressed and their function is linked to the regulation of oncogenes and/or tumor suppressor genes involved in cell signaling pathway. miR-221 and miR-222 are two highly homologous microRNAs, whose upregulation has been recently described in several types of human tumors. miR-221/222 have been considered to act as oncogenes or tumor suppressors, depending on tumor system. Silencing oncomiRs or gene therapy approaches, based on re-expression of miRNAs that are down-regulated in cancer cells, could represent a novel anti-tumor approach for integrated cancer therapy. Here we will review the role of miR-221/222 in cancer progression and their use as prognostic and therapeutic tools in cancer."	0
"Title: miRNAs in breast cancer tumorigenesis (Review). Abstract: miRNAs are small, endogenous, non-coding RNAs that negatively regulate protein-coding mRNAs at the post-transcriptional level. It is estimated that in humans thousands of miRNAs are expressed and more than 700 miRNAs have been described to date. About 50% of annotated human miRNAs are detected in regions of fragile sites, which are associated with cancer. The available evidence has shown that miRNAs widely participate in the development or progression of many types of cancers, including breast cancer. The role of miRNAs in breast cancer has been widely investigated; here, we will focus on what is known about the working mechanism of miRNAs in different stages of breast cancer development."	0
"Title: Targeted delivery of antisense inhibitor of miRNA for antiangiogenesis therapy using cRGD-functionalized nanoparticles. Abstract: MiRNAs are viable therapeutic targets for cancer therapy, but the targeted delivery of miRNA or its anti-miRNA antisense oligonucleotides (AMOs) remains a challenge. We report here a PEGylated LPH (liposome-polycation-hyaluronic acid) nanoparticle formulation modified with cyclic RGD peptide (cRGD) for specific and efficient delivery of AMO into endothelial cells, targeting ?(v)?? integrin present on the tumor neovasculature. The nanoparticles effectively delivered anti-miR-296 AMO to the cytoplasm and downregulated the target miRNA in human umbilical vein endothelial cells (HUVECs), which further efficiently suppressed blood tube formulation and endothelial cell migration, owing to significant upregulation of hepatocyte growth factor-regulated tyrosine kinase substrate (HGS), whereas nanoparticles without cRGD modification showed only little AMO uptake and miRNA silencing activity. In vivo assessment of angiogenesis using Matrigel plug assay also demonstrated that cRGD modified LPH nanoparticles have potential for antiangiogenesis in miRNA therapeutics. With the delivery of anti-miR-296 AMO by targeted nanoparticles, significant decrease in microvessel formulation within Matrigel was achieved through suppressing the invasion of CD31-positive cells into Matrigel and prompting HGS expression in angiogenic endothelial cells."	0
"Title: miRISC and the CCR4-NOT complex silence mRNA targets independently of 43S ribosomal scanning. Abstract: miRNAs associate with Argonaute (AGO) proteins to silence the expression of mRNA targets by inhibiting translation and promoting deadenylation, decapping, and mRNA degradation. A current model for silencing suggests that AGOs mediate these effects through the sequential recruitment of GW182 proteins, the CCR4-NOT deadenylase complex and the translational repressor and decapping activator DDX6. An alternative model posits that AGOs repress translation by interfering with eIF4A function during 43S ribosomal scanning and that this mechanism is independent of GW182 and the CCR4-NOT complex in Drosophila melanogaster Here, we show that miRNAs, AGOs, GW182, the CCR4-NOT complex, and DDX6/Me31B repress and degrade polyadenylated mRNA targets that are translated via scanning-independent mechanisms in both human and Dm cells. This and additional observations indicate a common mechanism used by these proteins and miRNAs to mediate silencing. This mechanism does not require eIF4A function during ribosomal scanning."	0
"Title: miR-99a promotes proliferation targeting FGFR3 in human epithelial ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: MiRNAs have been reported as important regulators in normal physiological processes, human cancer, and even their roles as therapeutic targets have been proposed. In epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC), the expression of miRNAs is reported to remarkably deregulate, showing that miRNAs are involved in the initiation and progression of this disease. In this study, we found that miR-99a was obviously decreased in EOC tissues, serums and cell lines SKOV-3. Importantly, fibroblast growth factor receptor 3 (FGFR3), predicted to be one target gene of miR-99a using computational algorithms, was higher in expression in EOC cells. Subsequently, FGFR3 was proved to be direct target of miR-99a by dual luciferase assay. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-99a dramatically suppressed expression level of FGFR3 at both mRNA and protein levels, proving FGFR3 to be inversely correlated with miR-99a. Finally, overexpression of miR-99a could significantly inhibit EOC cell proliferation in vitro by decreasing the expression of FGFR3 which also reduced the EOC cell growth after siRNA knockdown. Conclusively, miR-99a expression was remarkably downregulated in serums, tissues and cell and suppresses EOC cell proliferation by targeting FGFR3, suggesting miR-99a as a prospective prognosis marker and potential tumor suppressor for EOC therapeutics."	0
"Title: Blockade of invasion and metastasis of breast cancer cells via targeting CXCR4 with an artificial microRNA. Abstract: miRNAs have been shown to function as regulatory molecules and to play an important role in cancer progression. Very little is currently known about the increasing invasion and metastasis of breast cancer due to the loss of expressive levels of certain miRNAs in breast tumor cells. In order to determine whether the CXCR4/SDF-1 pathway is regulated by expression of miRNAs, we designed and synthesized pre-miRNA against CXCR4. This double-stranded miRNA gene was ligated with a miR-155-based Block-iT Pol II miR RNAi Expression Vector (Invitrogen). Expression levels of CXCR4 in CXCR4-miRNA-transfected breast tumor cells had significantly declined. These cells exhibited reduced migration and invasion in vitro. Furthermore, they formed fewer lung metastases in vivo compared to ctrl-miRNA-transfected cells. These data support the conclusion that miRNA against CXCR4 can serve as an alterative means of therapy to lower CXCR4 expression and to block the invasion and metastasis of breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: miR-6086 inhibits ovarian cancer angiogenesis by downregulating the OC2/VEGFA/EGFL6 axis. Abstract: miRNAs have emerged as a pivotal component of gene regulatory networks, mediating cytokines secretion, cell cycle, and differentiation regulation. However, how miRNAs collaborate with transcription factors and downstream effector proteins that determine the fate of ovarian cancer cells remains to be understood, especially regarding to mechanism of tumor angiogenesis regulation. Based on the qRT-PCR and IHC analysis, we found that miR-6086 was maintained a very low level both in ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues. Further, we identified OC2 and EGFL6 as the direct targets of miR-6086 by luciferase assay and we observed an inverse relationship between the expression of miR-6086 and the OC2/VEGFA/EGFL6 axis. The Western blotting analysis suggested that OC2 could directly upregulate VEGFA and indirectly up-regulate EGFL6 through VEGFA. Moreover, miR-6086 could indirectly downregulate VEGFA through OC2. In addition, miR-6086, siOC2 and siEGFL6 could negatively regulate the tumor growth and angiogenesis of ovarian cancer (Skov3) in the animal studies, with the inhibition rates of 77.07%, 69.89%, and 73.62%, respectively (**p < 0.01). Moreover, the tumor cell proliferation, migration, and invasion of ovarian cancer cell lines (Caov3 and Skov3) and vascular formation (HUVECs) were significantly suppressed in vitro, by decreasing the AKT/MAPK pathways (*p < 0.05). Taken together, our results reveal that miR-6086 can suppress the angiogenesis networks in ovarian cancer by down-regulating the OC2/VEGFA/EGFL6 axis, directly or indirectly, which may provide potential targets for tumor therapeutics."	0
"Title: miRNet 2.0: network-based visual analytics for miRNA functional analysis and systems biology. Abstract: miRNet is an easy-to-use, web-based platform designed to help elucidate microRNA (miRNA) functions by integrating users' data with existing knowledge via network-based visual analytics. Since its first release in 2016, miRNet has been accessed by >20 000 researchers worldwide, with ?100 users on a daily basis. While version 1.0 was focused primarily on miRNA-target gene interactions, it has become clear that in order to obtain a global view of miRNA functions, it is necessary to bring other important players into the context during analysis. Driven by this concept, in miRNet version 2.0, we have (i) added support for transcription factors (TFs) and single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) that affect miRNAs, miRNA-binding sites or target genes, whilst also greatly increased (>5-fold) the underlying knowledgebases of miRNAs, ncRNAs and disease associations; (ii) implemented new functions to allow creation and visual exploration of multipartite networks, with enhanced support for in situ functional analysis and (iii) revamped the web interface, optimized the workflow, and introduced microservices and web application programming interface (API) to sustain high-performance, real-time data analysis. The underlying R package is also released in tandem with version 2.0 to allow more flexible data analysis for R programmers. The miRNet 2.0 website is freely available at https://www.mirnet.ca."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in the search for understanding human diseases. Abstract: MiroRNAs (miRNAs) are double-stranded, noncoding RNA molecules (with an average size of 22bp) that serve as post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression in higher eukaryotes. miRNAs play an important role in development and other cellular processes by hybridizing with complementary target mRNA transcripts, preventing their translation and thereby destabilizing the target transcripts. Though hundreds of miRNAs have been discovered in a variety of organisms, little is known about their cellular function. They have been implicated in the regulation of developmental timing and pattern formation, restriction of differentiation potential, regulation of insulin secretion, resistance to viral infection, and in genomic rearrangements associated with carcinogenesis or other genetic disorders, such as fragile X syndrome. Recent evidence suggests that the number of unique miRNA genes in humans exceeds 1000, and may be as high as 20,000. It is estimated that 20-30% of all human mRNAs are miRNA targets. During the last few years, special attention has been given to miRNAs as candidate drug targets for cancer, diabetes mellitus, obesity, and viral diseases."	0
"Title: Restitution of tumor suppressor microRNAs using a systemic nanovector inhibits pancreatic cancer growth in mice. Abstract: Mis-expression of microRNAs (miRNA) is widespread in human cancers, including in pancreatic cancer. Aberrations of miRNA include overexpression of oncogenic miRs (Onco-miRs) or downregulation of so-called tumor suppressor TSG-miRs. Restitution of TSG-miRs in cancer cells through systemic delivery is a promising avenue for pancreatic cancer therapy. We have synthesized a lipid-based nanoparticle for systemic delivery of miRNA expression vectors to cancer cells (nanovector). The plasmid DNA-complexed nanovector is approximately 100 nm in diameter and shows no apparent histopathologic or biochemical evidence of toxicity upon intravenous injection. Two miRNA candidates known to be downregulated in the majority of pancreatic cancers were selected for nanovector delivery: miR-34a, which is a component of the p53 transcriptional network and regulates cancer stem cell survival, and the miR-143/145 cluster, which together repress the expression of KRAS2 and its downstream effector Ras-responsive element binding protein-1 (RREB1). Systemic intravenous delivery with either miR-34a or miR-143/145 nanovectors inhibited the growth of MiaPaCa-2 subcutaneous xenografts (P < 0.01 for miR-34a; P < 0.05 for miR-143/145); the effects were even more pronounced in the orthotopic (intrapancreatic) setting (P < 0.0005 for either nanovector) when compared with vehicle or mock nanovector delivering an empty plasmid. Tumor growth inhibition was accompanied by increased apoptosis and decreased proliferation. The miRNA restitution was confirmed in treated xenografts by significant upregulation of the corresponding miRNA and significant decreases in specific miRNA targets (SIRT1, CD44 and aldehyde dehydrogenase for miR34a, and KRAS2 and RREB1 for miR-143/145). The nanovector is a platform with potential broad applicability in systemic miRNA delivery to cancer cells."	0
"Title: Comparisons between different polychemotherapy regimens for early breast cancer: meta-analyses of long-term outcome among 100,000 women in 123 randomised trials. Abstract: Moderate differences in efficacy between adjuvant chemotherapy regimens for breast cancer are plausible, and could affect treatment choices. We sought any such differences. Methods: We undertook individual-patient-data meta-analyses of the randomised trials comparing: any taxane-plus-anthracycline-based regimen versus the same, or more, non-taxane chemotherapy (n=44,000); one anthracycline-based regimen versus another (n=7000) or versus cyclophosphamide, methotrexate, and fluorouracil (CMF; n=18,000); and polychemotherapy versus no chemotherapy (n=32,000). The scheduled dosages of these three drugs and of the anthracyclines doxorubicin (A) and epirubicin (E) were used to define standard CMF, standard 4AC, and CAF and CEF. Log-rank breast cancer mortality rate ratios (RRs) are reported. Findings: In trials adding four separate cycles of a taxane to a fixed anthracycline-based control regimen, extending treatment duration, breast cancer mortality was reduced (RR 0·86, SE 0·04, two-sided significance [2p]=0·0005). In trials with four such extra cycles of a taxane counterbalanced in controls by extra cycles of other cytotoxic drugs, roughly doubling non-taxane dosage, there was no significant difference (RR 0·94, SE 0·06, 2p=0·33). Trials with CMF-treated controls showed that standard 4AC and standard CMF were equivalent (RR 0·98, SE 0·05, 2p=0·67), but that anthracycline-based regimens with substantially higher cumulative dosage than standard 4AC (eg, CAF or CEF) were superior to standard CMF (RR 0·78, SE 0·06, 2p=0·0004). Trials versus no chemotherapy also suggested greater mortality reductions with CAF (RR 0·64, SE 0·09, 2p<0·0001) than with standard 4AC (RR 0·78, SE 0·09, 2p=0·01) or standard CMF (RR 0·76, SE 0·05, 2p<0·0001). In all meta-analyses involving taxane-based or anthracycline-based regimens, proportional risk reductions were little affected by age, nodal status, tumour diameter or differentiation (moderate or poor; few were well differentiated), oestrogen receptor status, or tamoxifen use. Hence, largely independently of age (up to at least 70 years) or the tumour characteristics currently available to us for the patients selected to be in these trials, some taxane-plus-anthracycline-based or higher-cumulative-dosage anthracycline-based regimens (not requiring stem cells) reduced breast cancer mortality by, on average, about one-third. 10-year overall mortality differences paralleled breast cancer mortality differences, despite taxane, anthracycline, and other toxicities. Interpretation: 10-year gains from a one-third breast cancer mortality reduction depend on absolute risks without chemotherapy (which, for oestrogen-receptor-positive disease, are the risks remaining with appropriate endocrine therapy). Low absolute risk implies low absolute benefit, but information was lacking about tumour gene expression markers or quantitative immunohistochemistry that might help to predict risk, chemosensitivity, or both. Funding: Cancer Research UK; British Heart Foundation; UK Medical Research Council."	0
"Title: Down-regulation of microRNA-135b inhibited growth of cervical cancer cells by targeting FOXO1. Abstract: More and more evidence has confirmed that dysregulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) can conduce to the progression of human cancers. Previous studied have shown that dysregulation of miR-135b is in varieties of tumors. However, the roles of miR-135b in cervical cancer remain unknown. Therefore, our aim of this study was to explore the biological function and molecular mechanism of miR-135b in cervical cancer cell lines, discussing whether it could be a therapeutic biomarker of cervical cancer in the future. The MTT assay and ELISA-Brdu assay were used to assess cell proliferation. Cell cycle was detected by flow cytometry. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and Western blot analyses were used to detect expressions of cyclin D1, p21, p27 and FOXO1. In our study, we found that miR-135b is up-regulated in cervical cancer cell lines. Down-regulation of miR-135b evidently inhibited proliferation and arrested cell cycle in cervical cancer cells. Bioinformatics analysis predicted that the FOXO1 was a potential target gene of miR-135b. Besides, miR-135b inhibition significantly increased expressions of the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitors, p21(/CIP1) and p27(/KIP1), and decreased expression of cyclin D1. However, the high level of miR-135b was associated with increased expression of FOXO1 in cervical cancer cells. Further study by luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that miR-135b could directly target FOXO1. Down-regulation of FOXO1 in cervical cancer cells transfected with miR-135b inhibitor partially reversed its inhibitory effects. In conclusion, down-regulation of miR-135b inhibited cell growth in cervical cancer cells by up-regulation of FOXO1."	0
"Title: miR-21: a small multi-faceted RNA. Abstract: More than 1000 microRNAs (miRNAs) are expressed in human cells, some tissue or cell type specific, others considered as house-keeping molecules. Functions and direct mRNA targets for some miRNAs have been relatively well studied over the last years. Every miRNA potentially regulates the expression of numerous protein-coding genes (tens to hundreds), but it has become increasingly clear that not all miRNAs are equally important; diverse high-throughput screenings of various systems have identified a limited number of key functional miRNAs over and over again. Particular miRNAs emerge as principal regulators that control major cell functions in various physiological and pathophysiological settings. Since its identification 3 years ago as the miRNA most commonly and strongly up-regulated in human brain tumour glioblastoma [1], miR-21 has attracted the attention of researchers in various fields, such as development, oncology, stem cell biology and aging, becoming one of the most studied miRNAs, along with let-7, miR-17-92 cluster ('oncomir-1'), miR-155 and a few others. However, an miR-21 knockout mouse has not yet been generated, and the data about miR-21 functions in normal cells are still very limited. In this review, we summarise the current knowledge of miR-21 functions in human disease, with an emphasis on its regulation, oncogenic role, targets in human cancers, potential as a disease biomarker and novel therapeutic target in oncology."	0
"Title: Plasma microRNA panel to diagnose hepatitis B virus-related hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: More than 60% of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) do not receive curative therapy as a result of late clinical presentation and diagnosis. We aimed to identify plasma microRNAs for diagnosing hepatitis B virus (HBV) -related HCC. Patients and methods: Plasma microRNA expression was investigated with three independent cohorts including 934 participants (healthy, chronic hepatitis B, cirrhosis, and HBV-related HCC), recruited between August 2008 and June 2010. First, we used microarray to screen 723 microRNAs in 137 plasma samples for diagnosing HCC. Quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction assay was then applied to evaluate the expression of selected microRNAs. A logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort (n = 407) and then validated using an independent cohort (n = 390). Area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was used to evaluate diagnostic accuracy. Results: We identified a microRNA panel (miR-122, miR-192, miR-21, miR-223, miR-26a, miR-27a and miR-801) that provided a high diagnostic accuracy of HCC (AUC = 0.864 and 0.888 for training and validation data set, respectively). The satisfactory diagnostic performance of the microRNA panel persisted regardless of disease status (AUCs for Barcelona Clinic Liver Cancer stages 0, A, B, and C were 0.888, 0.888, 0.901, and 0.881, respectively). The microRNA panel can also differentiate HCC from healthy (AUC = 0.941), chronic hepatitis B (AUC = 0.842), and cirrhosis (AUC = 0.884), respectively. Conclusion: We found a plasma microRNA panel that has considerable clinical value in diagnosing early-stage HCC. Thus, patients who would have otherwise missed the curative treatment window can benefit from optimal therapy."	0
"Title: Cancer's molecular sweet tooth and the Warburg effect. Abstract: More than 80 years ago, the renowned biochemist Otto Warburg described how cancer cells avidly consume glucose and produce lactic acid under aerobic conditions. Recent studies arguing that cancer cells benefit from this phenomenon, termed the Warburg effect, have renewed discussions about its exact role as cause, correlate, or facilitator of cancer. Molecular advances in this area may reveal tactics to exploit the cancer cell's ""sweet tooth"" for cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Plasma miRNAs as diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers for ovarian cancer. Abstract: Most (70%) epithelial ovarian cancers (EOCs) are diagnosed late. Non-invasive biomarkers that facilitate disease detection and predict outcome are needed. The microRNAs (miRNAs) represent a new class of biomarkers. This study was to identify and validate plasma miRNAs as biomarkers in EOC. Methodology/principal findings: We evaluated plasma samples of 360 EOC patients and 200 healthy controls from two institutions. All samples were grouped into screening, training and validation sets. We scanned the circulating plasma miRNAs by TaqMan low-density array in the screening set and identified/validated miRNA markers by real-time polymerase chain reaction assay in the training set. Receiver operating characteristic and logistic regression analyses established the diagnostic miRNA panel, which were confirmed in the validation sets. We found higher plasma miR-205 and lower let-7f expression in cases than in controls. MiR-205 and let-7f together provided high diagnostic accuracy for EOC, especially in patients with stage I disease. The combination of these two miRNAs and carbohydrate antigen-125 (CA-125) further improved the accuracy of detection. MiR-483-5p expression was elevated in stages III and IV compared with in stages I and II, which was consistent with its expression pattern in tumor tissues. Furthermore, lower levels of let-7f were predictive of poor prognosis in EOC patients. Conclusions/significance: Our findings indicate that plasma miR-205 and let-7f are biomarkers for ovarian cancer detection that complement CA-125; let-7f may be predictive of ovarian cancer prognosis."	0
"Title: Annotating non-coding regions of the genome. Abstract: Most of the human genome consists of non-protein-coding DNA. Recently, progress has been made in annotating these non-coding regions through the interpretation of functional genomics experiments and comparative sequence analysis. One can conceptualize functional genomics analysis as involving a sequence of steps: turning the output of an experiment into a 'signal' at each base pair of the genome; smoothing this signal and segmenting it into small blocks of initial annotation; and then clustering these small blocks into larger derived annotations and networks. Finally, one can relate functional genomics annotations to conserved units and measures of conservation derived from comparative sequence analysis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA signatures of tumor-derived exosomes as diagnostic biomarkers of ovarian cancer. Abstract: Most ovarian cancer patients are diagnosed at an advanced stage (67%) and prospects for significant improvement in survival reside in early diagnosis. While expression patterns of a recently identified biomarker family, microRNA, appear to be characteristic of tumor type and developmental origin, microRNA profiling has been limited to tissue specimens. Tumors actively release exosomes into the peripheral circulation and we now demonstrate the association of microRNAs with circulating tumor-derived exosomes. Methods: Circulating tumor exosomes were isolated using a modified MACS procedure with anti-EpCAM. Initially, microRNA profiles of ovarian tumors were compared to those of tumor exosomes isolated from the same patients. Levels of 8 microRNAs (miR-21, miR-141, miR-200a, miR-200c, miR-200b, miR-203, miR-205 and miR-214) previously demonstrated as diagnostic, were compared in exosomes isolated from sera specimens of women with benign disease and various stages of ovarian cancer. Results: MicroRNA from ovarian tumor cells and exosomes from the same patients were positive for 218 of 467 mature microRNAs analyzed. The levels of the 8 specific microRNAs were similar between cellular and exosomal microRNAs (exhibiting correlations from 0.71 to 0.90). While EpCAM-positive exosomes were detectable in both patients with benign ovarian disease and ovarian cancer, exosomal microRNA from ovarian cancer patients exhibited similar profiles, which were significantly distinct from profiles observed in benign disease. Exosomal microRNA could not be detected in normal controls. Conclusions: These results suggest that microRNA profiling of circulating tumor exosomes could potentially be used as surrogate diagnostic markers for biopsy profiling, extending its utility to screening asymptomatic populations."	0
"Title: A randomised controlled trial of a theory-based intervention to improve sun protective behaviour in adolescents ('you can still be HOT in the shade'): study protocol. Abstract: Most skin cancers are preventable by encouraging consistent use of sun protective behaviour. In Australia, adolescents have high levels of knowledge and awareness of the risks of skin cancer but exhibit significantly lower sun protection behaviours than adults. There is limited research aimed at understanding why people do or do not engage in sun protective behaviour, and an associated absence of theory-based interventions to improve sun safe behaviour. This paper presents the study protocol for a school-based intervention which aims to improve the sun safe behaviour of adolescents. Methods/design: Approximately 400 adolescents (aged 12-17 years) will be recruited through Queensland, Australia public and private schools and randomized to the intervention (n = 200) or 'wait-list' control group (n = 200). The intervention focuses on encouraging supportive sun protective attitudes and beliefs, fostering perceptions of normative support for sun protection behaviour, and increasing perceptions of control/self-efficacy over using sun protection. It will be delivered during three × one hour sessions over a three week period from a trained facilitator during class time. Data will be collected one week pre-intervention (Time 1), and at one week (Time 2) and four weeks (Time 3) post-intervention. Primary outcomes are intentions to sun protect and sun protection behaviour. Secondary outcomes include attitudes toward performing sun protective behaviours (i.e., attitudes), perceptions of normative support to sun protect (i.e., subjective norms, group norms, and image norms), and perceived control over performing sun protective behaviours (i.e., perceived behavioural control). Discussion: The study will provide valuable information about the effectiveness of the intervention in improving the sun protective behaviour of adolescents."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 is regulated by domains cross-talk through post-translational phosphorylation and SUMOYlation. Abstract: Mouse prostate membrane-associated proteins of the annexin family showed changes in SUMOylation during androgen treatment. Among these the calcium-binding annexin A1 protein (ANXA1) was chosen for further characterization given its role in protein secretion and cancer. SUMOylation of ANXA1 was confirmed by overexpressing SUMO-1 in LNCaP cells. Site-directed mutagenesis indicated that K257 located in a SUMOylation consensus motif in the C-terminal calcium-binding DA3 repeat domain is SUMOylated. Mutation of the N-terminal Y21 decreased markedly the SUMOylation signal while EGF stimulation increased ANXA1 SUMOylation. A structural analysis of ANXA1 revealed that K257 is located in a hot spot where Ca(2+) and SUMO-1 bind and where a nuclear export signal and a polyubiquitination site are also present. Also, Y21 is buried inside an ?-helix structure in the Ca(2+)-free conformation implying that Ca(2+) binding, and the subsequent expelling of the N-terminal ?-helix in a disordered conformation, is permissive for its phosphorylation. These results show for the first time that SUMOylation can be regulated by an external signal (EGF) and indicate the presence of a cross-talk between the N-terminal and C-terminal domains of ANXA1 through post-translational modifications."	0
"Title: FoxOs enforce a progression checkpoint to constrain mTORC1-activated renal tumorigenesis. Abstract: mTORC1 is a validated therapeutic target for renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Here, analysis of Tsc1-deficient (mTORC1 hyperactivation) mice uncovered a FoxO-dependent negative feedback circuit constraining mTORC1-mediated renal tumorigenesis. We document robust FoxO activation in Tsc1-deficient benign polycystic kidneys and FoxO extinction on progression to murine renal tumors; murine renal tumor progression on genetic deletion of both Tsc1 and FoxOs; and downregulated FoxO expression in most human renal clear cell and papillary carcinomas, yet continued expression in less aggressive RCCs and benign renal tumor subtypes. Mechanistically, integrated analyses revealed that FoxO-mediated block operates via suppression of Myc through upregulation of the Myc antagonists, Mxi1-SR? and mir-145, establishing a FoxO-Mxi1-SR?/mir-145 axis as a major progression block in renal tumor development."	0
"Title: Mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways mediated by ERK, JNK, and p38 protein kinases. Abstract: Multicellular organisms have three well-characterized subfamilies of mitogen-activated protein kinases (MAPKs) that control a vast array of physiological processes. These enzymes are regulated by a characteristic phosphorelay system in which a series of three protein kinases phosphorylate and activate one another. The extracellular signal-regulated kinases (ERKs) function in the control of cell division, and inhibitors of these enzymes are being explored as anticancer agents. The c-Jun amino-terminal kinases (JNKs) are critical regulators of transcription, and JNK inhibitors may be effective in control of rheumatoid arthritis. The p38 MAPKs are activated by inflammatory cytokines and environmental stresses and may contribute to diseases like asthma and autoimmunity."	0
"Title: miR-145 sensitizes ovarian cancer cells to paclitaxel by targeting Sp1 and Cdk6. Abstract: Multidrug resistance (MDR) remains a major obstacle to effective chemotherapy treatment in ovarian cancer. In our study, paclitaxel-resistant ovarian cancer patients and cell lines had decreased miR-145 levels and expressed high levels of Sp1 and Cdk6. Introducing miR-145 into SKOV3/PTX and A2780/PTX cells led to a reduction in Cdk6 and Sp1 along with downregulation of P-gp and pRb. These changes resulted in increased accumulation of antineoplastic drugs and G1 cell cycle arrest, which rendered the cells more sensitive to paclitaxel in vitro and in vivo. These effects could be reversed by reintroducing Sp1 or Cdk6 into cells expressing high levels of miR-145, resulting in restoration of P-gp and pRb levels. Furthermore, we confirmed that both Cdk6 and Sp1 are targets of miR-145. Intriguingly, demethylation with 5-aza-dC led to reactivation of miR-145 expression in drug-resistant ovarian cancer cell lines, which also resulted in increased sensitivity to paclitaxel. Collectively, these findings begin to elucidate the role of miR-145 as an important regulator of chemoresistance in ovarian cancer by controlling both Cdk6 and Sp1."	0
"Title: Hyaluronan-CD44 interaction with protein kinase C(epsilon) promotes oncogenic signaling by the stem cell marker Nanog and the Production of microRNA-21, leading to down-regulation of the tumor suppressor protein PDCD4, anti-apoptosis, and chemotherapy resistance in breast tumor cells. Abstract: Multidrug resistance and disease relapse is a challenging clinical problem in the treatment of breast cancer. In this study, we investigated the hyaluronan (HA)-induced interaction between CD44 (a primary HA receptor) and protein kinase Cepsilon (PKCepsilon), which regulates a number of human breast tumor cell functions. Our results indicate that HA binding to CD44 promotes PKCepsilon activation, which, in turn, increases the phosphorylation of the stem cell marker, Nanog, in the breast tumor cell line MCF-7. Phosphorylated Nanog is then translocated from the cytosol to the nucleus and becomes associated with RNase III DROSHA and the RNA helicase p68. This process leads to microRNA-21 (miR-21) production and a tumor suppressor protein (e.g. PDCD4 (program cell death 4)) reduction. All of these events contribute to up-regulation of inhibitors of apoptosis proteins (IAPs) and MDR1 (multidrug-resistant protein), resulting in anti-apoptosis and chemotherapy resistance. Transfection of MCF-7 cells with PKCepsilon or Nanog-specific small interfering RNAs effectively blocks HA-mediated PKCepsilon-Nanog signaling events, abrogates miR-21 production, and increases PDCD4 expression/eIF4A binding. Subsequently, this PKCepsilon-Nanog signaling inhibition causes IAP/MDR1 down-regulation, apoptosis, and chemosensitivity. To further evaluate the role of miR-21 in oncogenesis and chemoresistance, MCF-7 cells were also transfected with a specific anti-miR-21 inhibitor in order to silence miR-21 expression and inhibit its target functions. Our results indicate that anti-miR-21 inhibitor not only enhances PDCD4 expression/eIF4A binding but also blocks HA-CD44-mediated tumor cell behaviors. Thus, this newly discovered HA-CD44 signaling pathway should provide important drug targets for sensitizing tumor cell apoptosis and overcoming chemotherapy resistance in breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: Involvement of miR-326 in chemotherapy resistance of breast cancer through modulating expression of multidrug resistance-associated protein 1. Abstract: Multidrug resistance-associated protein (MRP-1/ABCC1) transports a wide range of therapeutic agents and may play a critical role in the development of multidrug resistance (MDR) in tumor cells. However, the regulation of MRP-1 remains controversial. To explore whether miRNAs are involved in the regulation of MRP-1 expression and modulate the sensitivity of tumor cells to chemotherapeutic agents, we analyzed miRNA expression levels in VP-16-resistant MDR cell line, MCF-7/VP, in comparison with its parent cell line, MCF-7, using a miRNA microarray. MCF-7/VP overexpressed MRP-1 mRNA and protein not MDR-1 and BCRP. miR-326 was downregulated in MCF-7/VP compared to MCF-7. Additionally, miR-326 was downregulated in a panel of advanced breast cancer tissues and consistent reversely with expression levels of MRP-1. Furthermore, the elevated levels of miR-326 in the mimics-transfected VP-16-resistant cell line, MCF-7/VP, downregulated MRP-1 expression and sensitized these cells to VP-16 and doxorubicin. These findings demonstrate for the first time the involvement of miRNAs in multidrug resistance mediated by MRP-1 and suggest that miR-326 may be an efficient agent for preventing and reversing MDR in tumor cells."	0
"Title: Synthetic miR-145 mimic inhibits multiple myeloma cell growth in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Multiple myeloma (MM) is a disease with an adverse outcome and new therapeutic strategies are required to combat this disease. It is well known that tumor?suppressor microRNA (miRNA) acts as a new potential anticancer agent. Accumulating evidence showed that microRNA-145 (miR-145) is a candidate tumor suppressor miRNA. However, whether miR-145 is involved in the development and progression of MM reamins to be determined. In the present study, we investigated the therapeutic potential of synthetic miR-145 against human MM cells in vitro and in vivo. The results showed that miR-145 was reduced in MM tissues and cell lines. Enforced expression of miR-145 by transfection with miR-145 mimics inhibited cell proliferation, migration, and the invasion abilities of H929 cells. Furthermore, our results demonstrated that the enforced expression of miR-145 in H929 cells profoundly decreased the levels of p-AKT and p-PI3K, which may contribute to some extent to the inhibition of MM cell proliferation and survival. The enforced expression of miR-145 in a xenograft mouse model suppressed tumor growth. In conclusion, our findings suggested that miR-145 may act as a tumor suppressor and contributes to the progression of MM. Additionally, miR-145 mimics is a potential therapeutic agent for the treatment of MM."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-494 is required for the accumulation and functions of tumor-expanded myeloid-derived suppressor cells via targeting of PTEN. Abstract: Myeloid-derived suppressor cells (MDSCs) potently suppress the anti-tumor immune responses and also orchestrate the tumor microenvironment that favors tumor angiogenesis and metastasis. The molecular networks regulating the accumulation and functions of tumor-expanded MDSCs are largely unknown. In this study, we identified microRNA-494 (miR-494), whose expression was dramatically induced by tumor-derived factors, as an essential player in regulating the accumulation and activity of MDSCs by targeting of phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) and activation of the Akt pathway. TGF-?1 was found to be the main tumor-derived factor responsible for the upregulation of miR-494 in MDSCs. Expression of miR-494 not only enhanced CXCR4-mediated MDSC chemotaxis but also altered the intrinsic apoptotic/survival signal by targeting of PTEN, thus contributing to the accumulation of MDSCs in tumor tissues. Consequently, downregulation of PTEN resulted in increased activity of the Akt pathway and the subsequent upregulation of MMPs for facilitation of tumor cell invasion and metastasis. Knockdown of miR-494 significantly reversed the activity of MDSCs and inhibited the tumor growth and metastasis of 4T1 murine breast cancer in vivo. Collectively, our findings reveal that TGF-?1-induced miR-494 expression in MDSCs plays a critical role in the molecular events governing the accumulation and functions of tumor-expanded MDSCs and might be identified as a potential target in cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Expression of the Annexin A1 gene is associated with suppression of growth, invasion and metastasis of nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Abstract: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) has a highly increased incidence rate (20/100,000) in Southern regions of China, while being rare in the rest of the world. NPC is a malignant type of cancer due to its high occurrence rate of metastasis; however, biomarkers for effective diagnosis and treatment are yet to be identified. Annexin A1 is a glucocorticoid?regulated member of a large superfamily of calcium and phospholipid?binding proteins and has been shown to have important roles in tumor development and progression, and was demonstrated to be a prognostic biomarker for head and neck cancer types. A previous study by our group showed that Annexin A1 was decreased in NPC tissue as compared with normal adjacent tissue. To investigate whether Annexin A1 is a potential biomarker for NPC, the present study assessed the effect of the Annexin A1 on the biological behavior (i.e., invasion and metastasis) of the highly metastatic NPC cell line 5?8F and the non?metastatic NPC cell line 6?10B. The expression levels of Annexin A1 in the above two cell lines were determined by western blot analysis. Next, the recombinant plasmid pEGFP?C1?Annexin A1 and the small interfering (si)RNA plasmid pRNAT?U6.1?Annexin A1 were used and stably transfected into 5?8F and 6?10B cells, respectively. These established recombinant cell lines were then used to study the up- and downregulation of Annexin A1, respectively. The correlation of Annexin A1 expression levels with the biological behavior of NPC cell lines was analyzed using a cell proliferation assay, flow cytometry, soft agar colony formation assay, as well as Transwell invasion and migration assays. The results demonstrated that upregulation of Annexin A1 suppressed the proliferation, invasion and migration of NPC cells, while downregulation of Annexin A1 promoted the proliferation, invasion and migration of NPC cells. These findings suggested that Annexin A1 may be a potential biomarker for the development and prognosis of NPC, and its dysregulation may have an important role in its underlying pathogenesis."	0
"Title: miR-26a inhibits invasion and metastasis of nasopharyngeal cancer by targeting EZH2. Abstract: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a highly invasive and metastatic type of cancer that is widely prevalent in Southern China. Studies have shown that several microRNAs (miRNAs) are implicated in NPC metastasis. Our previous studies have demonstrated that miRNA miR-26a inhibits cell growth and tumorigenesis of NPC through the repression of enhancer of zeste homolog 2 (EZH2). However, the role of miR-26a in NPC metastasis remains unknown. In this study, we showed that ectopic expression of miR-26a inhibited the migratory and invasive capacities of NPC cellsin vitro. Additionally, we used a murine model to investigate the role of miR-26a in NPC metastasis and results showed that miR-26a overexpression suppresses the metastatic behavior of NPC cellsin vivo. Furthermore, the data demonstrated that miR-26a decreased the expression levels of EZH2in vitroandin vivo, suggesting that the antimetastatic effect of miR-26a in NPC was mediated by regulating EZH2. Therefore, these findings indicate that miR-26a functions as an antimetastatic miRNA in NPC and that its antimetastatic effects are mediated mainly by repressing EZH2 expression."	0
"Title: Diagnostic and prognostic value of plasma microRNA deregulation in nasopharyngeal carcinoma. Abstract: Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is uncommon worldwide but often highly invasive in late stages. Due to its special location and lack of specific symptoms, NPC is hardly detected in regular medical examination at the beginning. Development of sensitive and specific biomarkers should help to save lives against this type of disease. In the present report, we investigated the value of plasma miRNAs for diagnosis and prognosis of NPC. Using candidate approach, we selected 21 miRNAs from literature to compare their expression levels in the plasma of NPC patients and controls. As a result, 5 miRNAs showed diagnostic potentials (P<0.01). Among them, miR-16, -21, -24, and -155 had increased levels in NPC patients, whereas the level of miR-378 was decreased. There was a negative correlation between plasma miRNA expression and cancer progression, where miR-21 was statistically significant in T and N staging and miR-16 and 24 were significant in N staging only. Combination of miR-16, -21, -24, -155, and -378 gives 87.7% of sensitivity and 82.0% of specificity for NPC diagnosis. Without miR-16, combination of the rest 4 miRNAs gives the same sensitivity but a slightly reduced specificity. After treatment, all 5 miRNAs were somewhat back to normal levels in patients without cancer recurrence but the prognostic value was not statistically significant. In conclusion, plasma miRNA expression is a useful biomarker for NPC diagnosis but not for its prognosis. More importantly, it is simple, effective, and non-invasive. Combination of several plasma miRNAs can increase both NPC diagnostic sensitivity and specificity."	0
"Title: Developmentally regulated piRNA clusters implicate MILI in transposon control. Abstract: Nearly half of the mammalian genome is composed of repeated sequences. In Drosophila, Piwi proteins exert control over transposons. However, mammalian Piwi proteins, MIWI and MILI, partner with Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) that are depleted of repeat sequences, which raises questions about a role for mammalian Piwi's in transposon control. A search for murine small RNAs that might program Piwi proteins for transposon suppression revealed developmentally regulated piRNA loci, some of which resemble transposon master control loci of Drosophila. We also find evidence of an adaptive amplification loop in which MILI catalyzes the formation of piRNA 5' ends. Mili mutants derepress LINE-1 (L1) and intracisternal A particle and lose DNA methylation of L1 elements, demonstrating an evolutionarily conserved role for PIWI proteins in transposon suppression."	0
"Title: Overexpression of ANXA1 confers independent negative prognostic impact in rectal cancers receiving concurrent chemoradiotherapy. Abstract: Neoadjuvant concurrent chemoradiation therapy (CCRT) is an increasingly common therapeutic strategy for rectal cancer. Clinically, it remains a major challenge to predict therapeutic response and patient outcomes after CCRT. Annexin I (ANXA1), encoded by ANXA1, is a Ca(2+)/phospholipid-binding protein that mediates actin dynamics and cellular proliferation, as well as suggesting tumor aggressiveness and predicting therapeutic response in certain malignancies. However, expression of ANXA1 has never been reported in rectal cancer receiving CCRT. This study examined the predictive and prognostic impact of ANXA1 expression in patients with rectal cancer following neoadjuvant CCRT. We identified ANXA1 as associated with resistance to CCRT through data mining from a published transcriptomic dataset. Its immunoexpression was retrospectively assessed using H scores on pre-treatment biopsies from 172 rectal cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant CCRT followed by curative surgery. Results were correlated with clinicopathological features, therapeutic response, tumor regression grade (TRG), and metastasis-free survival (MeFS), as well as local recurrent-free survival (LRFS) and disease-specific survival (DSS). High expression of ANXA1 was associated with advanced pre-treatment tumor status (T3, T4, p = 0.022), advanced pre-treatment nodal status (N1, N2, p = 0.004), advanced post-treatment tumor status (T3, T4, p < 0.001), advanced post-treatment nodal status (N1, N2, p = 0.001) and inferior TRG (p = 0.009). In addition, high expression of ANXA1 emerged as an adverse prognosticator for DSS (p < 0.0001), LRFS (p = 0.0001) and MeFS (p = 0.0004). Moreover, high expression of ANXA1 also remained independently prognostic of worse DSS (hazard ratio [HR] = 3.998; p = 0.007), LRFS (HR = 3.206; p = 0.028) and MeFS (HR = 3.075; p = 0.017). This study concludes that high expression of ANXA1 is associated with poor therapeutic response and adverse outcomes in rectal cancer patients treated with neoadjuvant CCRT."	0
"Title: miR-204 mediates post-transcriptional down-regulation of PHOX2B gene expression in neuroblastoma cells. Abstract: Neuroblastoma (NB) is a rare childhood cancer of the peripheral sympathetic nervous system and accounts for approximately 10% of all pediatric tumors. Heterozygous PHOX2B mutations have been found in association with NB development in familial, sporadic and syndromic cases. In addition, the PHOX2B gene is widely over-expressed both in tumor samples and NB cell lines. Post-transcriptional gene regulation is known to be involved in mRNA stability and, in NB, microRNAs (miRNAs) seem to be responsible for altered expression of genes driving differentiation, apoptosis, and migration. To assess the possible impact of post-transcriptional regulation in NB cell lines, we have focused on the PHOX2B mRNA stability by both in silico analysis and functional studies on its 3'untranslated region (3'UTR). PHOX2B gene expression has resulted under post-transcriptional control, as suggested by: i) instability of PHOX2B mRNA, demonstrated by short mRNA half-life levels in both IMR32 and LAN-1 cell lines, ii) role of the PHOX2B-3'UTR, confirmed by the activity of proper reporter constructs, and iii) miRNA-204, shown to enhance the PHOX2B 3'UTR mediated down-regulation of the reporter construct activity. Finally, miRNA-204 has resulted to decrease the stability of the PHOX2B mRNA at different extents in the presence of different SNP rs1063611 alleles. Therefore, post-transcriptional down-regulation of the PHOX2B gene takes place in NB cell lines and miRNA-204 participates in such a 3'UTR mediated control."	0
"Title: Inhibition of neuroblastoma tumor growth by targeted delivery of microRNA-34a using anti-disialoganglioside GD2 coated nanoparticles. Abstract: Neuroblastoma is one of the most challenging malignancies of childhood, being associated with the highest death rate in paediatric oncology, underlining the need for novel therapeutic approaches. Typically, patients with high risk disease undergo an initial remission in response to treatment, followed by disease recurrence that has become refractory to further treatment. Here, we demonstrate the first silica nanoparticle-based targeted delivery of a tumor suppressive, pro-apoptotic microRNA, miR-34a, to neuroblastoma tumors in a murine orthotopic xenograft model. These tumors express high levels of the cell surface antigen disialoganglioside GD2 (GD(2)), providing a target for tumor-specific delivery. Principal findings: Nanoparticles encapsulating miR-34a and conjugated to a GD(2) antibody facilitated tumor-specific delivery following systemic administration into tumor bearing mice, resulted in significantly decreased tumor growth, increased apoptosis and a reduction in vascularisation. We further demonstrate a novel, multi-step molecular mechanism by which miR-34a leads to increased levels of the tissue inhibitor metallopeptidase 2 precursor (TIMP2) protein, accounting for the highly reduced vascularisation noted in miR-34a-treated tumors. Significance: These novel findings highlight the potential of anti-GD(2)-nanoparticle-mediated targeted delivery of miR-34a for both the treatment of GD(2)-expressing tumors, and as a basic discovery tool for elucidating biological effects of novel miRNAs on tumor growth."	0
"Title: Transcribed-Ultra Conserved Region expression is associated with outcome in high-risk neuroblastoma. Abstract: Neuroblastoma is the most common, pediatric, extra-cranial, malignant solid tumor. Despite multimodal therapeutic protocols, outcome for children with a high-risk clinical phenotype remains poor, with long-term survival still less than 40%. Hereby, we evaluated the potential of non-coding RNA expression to predict outcome in high-risk, stage 4 neuroblastoma. Methods: We analyzed expression of 481 Ultra Conserved Regions (UCRs) by reverse transcription-quantitative real-time PCR and of 723 microRNAs by microarrays in 34 high-risk, stage 4 neuroblastoma patients. Results: First, the comparison of 8 short- versus 12 long-term survivors showed that 54 UCRs were significantly (P < 0.0491) over-expressed in the former group. For 48 Ultra Conserved Region (UCRs) the expression levels above the cut-off values defined by ROC curves were strongly associated with good-outcome (OS: 0.0001 <P < 0.0185, EFS: 0.0001 <P < 0.0491). Then we tested the Transcribed-UCR (T-UCR) threshold risk-prediction model on an independent cohort of 14 patients. The expression profile of 28 T-UCRs was significantly associated to prognosis and at least 15 up-regulated T-UCRs are needed to discriminate (P < 0.0001) short- from long-survivors at the highest sensitivity and specificity (94.12%). We also identified a signature of 13 microRNAs differently expressed between long- and short-surviving patients. The comparative analysis of the two classes of non-coding RNAs disclosed that 9 T-UCRs display their expression level that are inversely correlated with expression of 5 complementary microRNAs of the signature, indicating a negative regulation of T-UCRs by direct interaction with microRNAs. Moreover, 4 microRNAs down-regulated in tumors of long-survivors target 3 genes implicated in neuronal differentiation, that are known to be over-expressed in low-risk tumors. Conclusions: Our pilot study suggests that a deregulation of the microRNA/T-UCR network may play an important role in the pathogenesis of neuroblastoma. After further validation on a larger independent set of samples, such findings may be applied as the first T-UCR prognostic signature for high-risk neuroblastoma patients."	0
"Title: A proinflammatory role for proteolytically cleaved annexin A1 in neutrophil transendothelial migration. Abstract: Neutrophil extravasation, a critical component of innate immunity must be tightly regulated to prevent inadvertent or prolonged inflammation and subsequent tissue damage. We have shown previously that endothelial ERK1/2 signaling essential for neutrophil transendothelial migration is induced by a soluble factor produced by activated neutrophils. In this study, we demonstrate that the soluble neutrophil factor is a truncated form of annexin A1 (AnxA1) that can be generated by calpain 1 cleavage of the N terminus, thus identifying a novel proinflammatory function to AnxA1. In contrast, neither the full-length protein nor the N-terminal 26 aa peptide, previously shown to be antiinflammatory, were able to activate Erk. Our data suggest that two different fragments of AnxA1 have opposing functions in inflammation. We also provide evidence that C-terminal AnxA1 functions by increasing ICAM1 clustering around adherent neutrophils to anchor them to the endothelium and promote transmigration through the transcellular route."	0
"Title: Knowledge discovery by automated identification and ranking of implicit relationships. Abstract: New relationships are often implicit from existing information, but the amount and growth of published literature limits the scope of analysis an individual can accomplish. Our goal was to develop and test a computational method to identify relationships within scientific reports, such that large sets of relationships between unrelated items could be sought out and statistically ranked for their potential relevance as a set. Results: We first construct a network of tentative relationships between 'objects' of biomedical research interest (e.g. genes, diseases, phenotypes, chemicals) by identifying their co-occurrences within all electronically available MEDLINE records. Relationships shared by two unrelated objects are then ranked against a random network model to estimate the statistical significance of any given grouping. When compared against known relationships, we find that this ranking correlates with both the probability and frequency of object co-occurrence, demonstrating the method is well suited to discover novel relationships based upon existing shared relationships. To test this, we identified compounds whose shared relationships predicted they might affect the development and/or progression of cardiac hypertrophy. When laboratory tests were performed in a rodent model, chlorpromazine was found to reduce the progression of cardiac hypertrophy."	0
"Title: Exploiting and antagonizing microRNA regulation for therapeutic and experimental applications. Abstract: New technologies are emerging that utilize artificial microRNA (miRNA) target sites to exploit or inhibit endogenous miRNA regulation. This approach has been used to improve cell-specific targeting for gene and stem cell therapy studies and for animal transgenics, and also to reduce the toxicity of oncolytic viruses and to attenuate viral vaccines. Artificial targets have also been used to sponge or decoy miRNAs as a way to study their functions. This article considers the benefits of this approach and design considerations for future studies."	0
"Title: A novel class of small RNAs: tRNA-derived RNA fragments (tRFs). Abstract: New types of small RNAs distinct from microRNAs (miRNAs) are progressively being discovered in various organisms. In order to discover such novel small RNAs, a library of 17- to 26-base-long RNAs was created from prostate cancer cell lines and sequenced by ultra-high-throughput sequencing. A significant number of the sequences are derived from precise processing at the 5' or 3' end of mature or precursor tRNAs to form three series of tRFs (tRNA-derived RNA fragments): the tRF-5, tRF-3, and tRF-1 series. These sequences constitute a class of short RNAs that are second most abundant to miRNAs. Northern hybridization, quantitative RT-PCR, and splinted ligation assays independently measured the levels of at least 17 tRFs. To demonstrate the biological importance of tRFs, we further investigated tRF-1001, derived from the 3' end of a Ser-TGA tRNA precursor transcript that is not retained in the mature tRNA. tRF-1001 is expressed highly in a wide range of cancer cell lines but much less in tissues, and its expression in cell lines was tightly correlated with cell proliferation. siRNA-mediated knockdown of tRF-1001 impaired cell proliferation with the specific accumulation of cells in G2, phenotypes that were reversed specifically by cointroducing a synthetic 2'-O-methyl tRF-1001 oligoribonucleotide resistant to the siRNA. tRF-1001 is generated in the cytoplasm by tRNA 3'-endonuclease ELAC2, a prostate cancer susceptibility gene. Our data suggest that tRFs are not random by-products of tRNA degradation or biogenesis, but an abundant and novel class of short RNAs with precise sequence structure that have specific expression patterns and specific biological roles."	0
"Title: The Dysregulated Expression of KCNQ1OT1 and Its Interaction with Downstream Factors miR-145/CCNE2 in Breast Cancer Cells. Abstract: Next-generation sequencing (NGS) has revealed abundant long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs) that have been characterized as critical components of cancer biology in humans. The present study aims to investigate the role of the lncRNA KCNQ1OT1 in breast cancer (BRCA) as well as the underlying molecular mechanisms and functions of KCNQ1OT1 involved in the progression of BRCA. Methods: The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) and StarBase v2.0 were used to obtain the required gene data. Dual luciferase reporter gene assays were conducted to verify the relevant intermolecular target relationships. QRT-PCR and Western blot were performed to measure the expression levels of different molecules. Cell proliferation was detected by using the MTT and colony formation assays, while cell migration and invasion were examined by transwell assay. Variations in cell apoptosis and cell cycle were determined through flow cytometry. A tumor xenograft model was applied to assess tumor growth in vivo. Results: KCNQ1OT1 was found to be remarkably highly expressed in BRCA tissues and cells. KCNQ1OT1 modulated CCNE2 through sponging miR-145 in BRCA. KCNQ1OT1 promoted tumor growth in vivo by regulating miR-145/CCNE2. Conclusion: The KCNQ1OT1/miR-145/CCNE2 axis plays a critical regulatory role in BRCA, potentially giving rise to BRCA tumorigenesis and progression. These findings provide valuable evidence for improving the diagnosis and treatment of BRCA in the future."	0
"Title: DNA damage induces NF-?B-dependent microRNA-21 up-regulation and promotes breast cancer cell invasion. Abstract: NF-?B activation induced by genotoxic treatment in cancer cells has been associated with therapeutic resistance in multiple human malignancies. Therapeutic resistance also correlates with high metastatic potential in human cancers, including breast cancer. Whether genotoxic treatment-activated NF-?B also contributes to cancer metastasis following radiation and chemotherapy is unclear. Here, we show that chemotherapeutic drug-induced NF-?B activation promotes breast cancer cell migration and invasion. The increased metastatic potential is dependent on IL-6 induction mediated by genotoxic NF-?B activation. Moreover, genotoxic treatment also up-regulates oncogenic microRNA-21 (miR-21) expression through eliciting NF-?B recruitment to the miR-21 promoter region, where it cooperates with signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) to activate miR-21 transcription. DNA damage-induced histone H3 phosphorylation via activated MSK1 creates an open chromatin structure for NF-?B/STAT3-driven transactivation of miR-21. NF-?B-dependent IL-6 up-regulation is responsible for STAT3 activation and recruitment to the miR-21 promoter upon genotoxic stress. Induction of miR-21 may enable cancer cells to elude DNA damage-induced apoptosis and enhance the metastatic potential of breast cancer cells through repressing expression of PTEN and PDCD4. Our data support a critical role of DNA damage-induced NF-?B activation in promoting cancer metastasis following genotoxic treatment, and NF-?B-dependent miR-21 induction may contribute to both therapeutic resistance and metastasis in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Role of miR-10b in breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: Ninety percent of cancer-related mortality is caused by metastasis. Current cancer treatments can control many primary tumors but rarely stop the metastatic spread. Accumulating evidence demonstrates that miRNAs are involved in cancer initiation and progression. Furthermore, several miRNAs have been found to regulate metastasis. In particular, recent studies provide the first functional evidence that overexpression of a specific miRNA, miR-10b, can contribute to the development of metastasis, which can be exploited therapeutically in treating breast cancer metastasis in mice. Further in-depth analysis should provide more precise evaluation of the roles, mechanisms, and therapeutic utility of this miRNA in breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 is a potential link between non-alcoholic fatty liver disease and hepatocellular carcinoma via modulation of the HBP1-p53-Srebp1c pathway. Abstract: Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is a major risk factor for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, the mechanistic pathways that link both disorders are essentially unknown. Objective: Our study was designed to investigate the role of microRNA-21 in the pathogenesis of NAFLD and its potential involvement in HCC. Methods: Wildtype mice maintained on a high fat diet (HFD) received tail vein injections of microRNA-21-anti-sense oligonucleotide (ASO) or miR-21 mismatched ASO for 4 or 8 weeks. Livers were collected after that time period for lipid content and gene expression analysis. Human hepatoma HepG2 cells incubated with oleate were used to study the role of miR-21 in lipogenesis and analysed with Nile-Red staining. microRNA-21 function in carcinogenesis was determined by soft-agar colony formation, cell cycle analysis and xenograft tumour assay using HepG2 cells. Results: The expression of microRNA-21 was increased in the livers of HFD-treated mice and human HepG2 cells incubated with fatty acid. MicroRNA-21 knockdown in those mice and HepG2 cells impaired lipid accumulation and growth of xenograft tumour. Further studies revealed that Hbp1 was a novel target of microRNA-21 and a transcriptional activator of p53 . It is well established that p53 is a tumour suppressor and an inhibitor of lipogenesis by inhibiting Srebp1c . As expected, microRNA-21 knockdown led to increased HBP1 and p53 and subsequently reduced lipogenesis and delayed G1/S transition, and the additional treatment of HBP1 -siRNA antagonised the effect of microRNA-21-ASO, suggesting that HBP1 mediated the inhibitory effects of microRNA-21-ASO on both hepatic lipid accumulation and hepatocarcinogenesis. Mechanistically, microRNA-21 knockdown induced p53 transcription, which subsequently reduced expression of genes controlling lipogenesis and cell cycle transition. In contrast, the opposite result was observed with overexpression of microRNA-21, which prevented p53 transcription. Conclusions: Our findings reveal a novel mechanism by which microRNA-21, in part, promotes hepatic lipid accumulation and cancer progression by interacting with the Hbp1 - p53 - Srebp1c pathway and suggest the potential therapeutic value of microRNA-21-ASO for both disorders."	0
"Title: Onco-miR-155 targets SHIP1 to promote TNFalpha-dependent growth of B cell lymphomas. Abstract: Non-coding microRNAs (miRs) are a vital component of post-transcriptional modulation of protein expression and, like coding mRNAs harbour oncogenic properties. However, the mechanisms governing miR expression and the identity of the affected transcripts remain poorly understood. Here we identify the inositol phosphatase SHIP1 as a bonafide target of the oncogenic miR-155. We demonstrate that in diffuse large B cell lymphoma (DLBCL) elevated levels of miR-155, and consequent diminished SHIP1 expression are the result of autocrine stimulation by the pro-inflammatory cytokine tumour necrosis factor a (TNFalpha). Anti-TNFalpha regimen such as eternacept or infliximab were sufficient to reduce miR-155 levels and restored SHIP1 expression in DLBCL cells with an accompanying reduction in cell proliferation. Furthermore, we observed a substantial decrease in tumour burden in DLBCL xenografts in response to eternacept. These findings strongly support the concept that cytokine-regulated miRs can function as a crucial link between inflammation and cancer, and illustrate the feasibility of anti-TNFalpha therapy as a novel and immediately accessible (co)treatment for DLBCL."	0
"Title: Ultraconserved regions encoding ncRNAs are altered in human leukemias and carcinomas. Abstract: Noncoding RNA (ncRNA) transcripts are thought to be involved in human tumorigenesis. We report that a large fraction of genomic ultraconserved regions (UCRs) encode a particular set of ncRNAs whose expression is altered in human cancers. Genome-wide profiling revealed that UCRs have distinct signatures in human leukemias and carcinomas. UCRs are frequently located at fragile sites and genomic regions involved in cancers. We identified certain UCRs whose expression may be regulated by microRNAs abnormally expressed in human chronic lymphocytic leukemia, and we proved that the inhibition of an overexpressed UCR induces apoptosis in colon cancer cells. Our findings argue that ncRNAs and interaction between noncoding genes are involved in tumorigenesis to a greater extent than previously thought."	0
"Title: Transcriptome sequencing across a prostate cancer cohort identifies PCAT-1, an unannotated lincRNA implicated in disease progression. Abstract: Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs) are emerging as key molecules in human cancer, with the potential to serve as novel markers of disease and to reveal uncharacterized aspects of tumor biology. Here we discover 121 unannotated prostate cancer-associated ncRNA transcripts (PCATs) by ab initio assembly of high-throughput sequencing of polyA(+) RNA (RNA-Seq) from a cohort of 102 prostate tissues and cells lines. We characterized one ncRNA, PCAT-1, as a prostate-specific regulator of cell proliferation and show that it is a target of the Polycomb Repressive Complex 2 (PRC2). We further found that patterns of PCAT-1 and PRC2 expression stratified patient tissues into molecular subtypes distinguished by expression signatures of PCAT-1-repressed target genes. Taken together, our findings suggest that PCAT-1 is a transcriptional repressor implicated in a subset of prostate cancer patients. These findings establish the utility of RNA-Seq to identify disease-associated ncRNAs that may improve the stratification of cancer subtypes."	0
"Title: miRNAs and long noncoding RNAs as biomarkers in human diseases. Abstract: Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs) are transcripts that have no apparent protein-coding capacity; however, many ncRNAs have been found to play a major biological role in human physiology. Their deregulation is implicated in many human diseases, but their exact roles are only beginning to be elucidated. Nevertheless, ncRNAs are extensively studied as a novel source of biomarkers, and the fact that they can be detected in body fluids makes them extremely suitable for this purpose. The authors mainly focus on ncRNAs as biomarkers in cancer, but also touch on other human diseases such as cardiovascular diseases, autoimmune diseases, neurological disorders and infectious diseases. The authors discuss the established methods and provide a selection of emerging new techniques that can be used to detect and quantify ncRNAs. Finally, the authors discuss ncRNAs as a new strategy for therapeutic interventions."	0
"Title: The crosstalk between lncRNA and microRNA in cancer metastasis: orchestrating the epithelial-mesenchymal plasticity. Abstract: Noncoding RNAs (ncRNAs) have been demonstrated to closely associate with gene regulation and encompass the well-known microRNAs (miRNAs), as well as the most recently acknowledged long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs). Current evidence indicates that lncRNAs can interact with miRNAs and these interactions play crucial roles in cancer metastasis, through regulating critical events especially the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). This review summarizes the types of lncRNA-miRNA crosstalk identified to-date and discusses their influence on the epithelial-mesenchymal plasticity and clinical metastatic implication."	0
"Title: Role of the tRNA-Derived Small RNAs in Cancer: New Potential Biomarkers and Target for Therapy. Abstract: Noncoding RNAs are untranslated RNA molecules that can be divided into two main types: infrastructural, including transfer RNAs (tRNAs) and ribosomal RNAs (rRNAs), and regulatory, including long ncRNAs (lncRNAs) and small ncRNAs (sRNA). Among small ncRNA, the role of microRNAs (miRNAs) and Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) in cancer is well documented. Recently, other small ncRNAs have been described. In particular, tRNA-derived small RNAs (tsRNA) have been found to be frequently dysregulated in cancer. Since tsRNAs can be considered unique sequences and are able to bind both Argonaute proteins (like miRNAs) and Piwi proteins (like piRNAs), their dysregulation could play a critical role in cancer by interfering with gene expression regulation at different levels. Like microRNAs, ts-53 (previously known as miR-3676) interacts with the 3'UTR of TCL1, therefore supporting a role for tsRNAs on the posttranscriptional regulation of gene expression. Like piRNAs, tsRNAs are produced as single-stranded molecules and can interact with DNA and histone methylation machinery, suggesting a role in the pretranscriptional regulation of gene expression. Herein, we describe the most recent findings about the role of tsRNAs in cancer."	0
"Title: Evaluation of polyplexes as gene transfer agents. Abstract: Non-viral transfection systems based on the complexes of DNA and polycations ('polyplexes') were evaluated with respect to their effectiveness, toxicity and cell type dependence in a variety of in vitro models. The panel of polycations examined included branched and linear polyethyleneimines, poly[N-ethyl-4-vinyl pyridinium bromide], polyamidoamine dendrimer (Superfect), poly(propyleneimine) dendrimer (Astramol) and a conjugate of Pluronic P123 and polyethyleneimine (P123-g-PEI(2K)), having a graft-block copolymer architecture. Using a panel of cell lines the linear polyethyleneimine ExGen 500, Superfect, branched polyethyleneimine 25 kDa, and P123-g-PEI(2K) were determined as systems displaying highest transfection activity while exhibiting relatively low cytotoxicity. These systems had activity higher than or comparable to lipid transfection reagents (Lipofectin, LipofectAMINE, CeLLFECTIN and DMRIE-C) but did not reveal serum dependence and were less toxic than the lipids. Overall, this study demonstrates good potential of structurally diverse polyplex systems as transfection reagents with relatively low cytotoxicity."	0
"Title: Zebrafish miR-214 modulates Hedgehog signaling to specify muscle cell fate. Abstract: Numerous microRNAs (miRNAs) have been discovered in the genomes of higher eukaryotes, and functional studies indicate that they are important during development. However, little is known concerning the function of individual miRNAs. We approached this problem in zebrafish by combining identification of miRNA expression, functional analyses and experimental validation of potential targets. We show that miR-214 is expressed during early segmentation stages in somites and that varying its expression alters the expression of genes regulated by Hedgehog signaling. Inhibition of miR-214 results in a reduction or loss of slow-muscle cell types. We show that su(fu) mRNA, encoding a negative regulator of Hedgehog signaling, is targeted by miR-214. Through regulation of su(fu), miR-214 enables precise specification of muscle cell types by sharpening cellular responses to Hedgehog."	0
"Title: In vivo NCL targeting affects breast cancer aggressiveness through miRNA regulation. Abstract: Numerous studies have described the altered expression and the causal role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in human cancer. However, to date, efforts to modulate miRNA levels for therapeutic purposes have been challenging to implement. Here we find that nucleolin (NCL), a major nucleolar protein, posttranscriptionally regulates the expression of a specific subset of miRNAs, including miR-21, miR-221, miR-222, and miR-103, that are causally involved in breast cancer initiation, progression, and drug resistance. We also show that NCL is commonly overexpressed in human breast tumors and that its expression correlates with that of NCL-dependent miRNAs. Finally, inhibition of NCL using guanosine-rich aptamers reduces the levels of NCL-dependent miRNAs and their target genes, thus reducing breast cancer cell aggressiveness both in vitro and in vivo. These findings illuminate a path to novel therapeutic approaches based on NCL-targeting aptamers for the modulation of miRNA expression in the treatment of breast cancer."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs, miR-21, miR-122, and miR-223, in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma or chronic hepatitis. Abstract: Numerous studies have shown that aberrant microRNA (miRNA) expression is associated with the development and progression of various types of human cancer and serum miRNAs are potential biomarkers. This study examined whether some commonly deregulated miRNAs in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) are presented in serum of patients with HCC and can serve as diagnostic markers. Serum miRNAs (miR-21, miR-122, and miR-223) were quantified by real-time quantitative RT-PCR in 101 patients with HCC and 89 healthy controls. In addition, 48 patients with chronic type B hepatitis were also analyzed for comparison. We found that the median levels of miR-21, miR-122, and miR-223 were significantly higher in patients with HCC than those in healthy controls (P = 7.48 x 10?¹³, P = 6.93 x 10??, and P = 3.90 x 10?¹², respectively). However, these elevated serum miRNAs were also detected in patients with chronic hepatitis (P = 2.05 x 10?¹², P = 4.52 x 10?¹?, and P = 1.65 x 10?¹¹, respectively). Moreover, serum miR-21 and miR-122 in patients with chronic hepatitis were higher than in patients with HCC (P = 3.99 x 10?? and P = 4.97 x 10??), although no such significant difference was found for miR-223. Receiver-operator characteristic (ROC) curve analyses suggest that these serum miRNAs may be useful markers for discriminating patients with HCC or chronic hepatitis from healthy controls, but not patients with HCC from patients with chronic hepatitis. Our results indicate that serum miR-21, miR-122 and miR-223 are elevated in patients with HCC or chronic hepatitis and these miRNAs have strong potential to serve as novel biomarkers for liver injury but not specifically for HCC."	0
"Title: Long non-coding RNA urothelial cancer-associated 1 promotes bladder cancer cell migration and invasion by way of the hsa-miR-145-ZEB1/2-FSCN1 pathway. Abstract: Numerous studies suggest that several long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) play critical roles in bladder cancer development and progression. Long non-coding RNA urothelial cancer-associated 1 (lncRNA-UCA1) is highly expressed in bladder cancer tissues and cells, and it has been shown to play an important role in regulating aggressive phenotypes of bladder cancer cells. However, little is known about the molecular mechanism of lncRNA-UCA1-mediated bladder cancer cell migration and invasion. Here, we show that overexpression of lncRNA-UCA1 could induce EMT and increase the migratory and invasive abilities of bladder cancer cells. Mechanistically, lncRNA-UCA1 induced EMT of bladder cancer cells by upregulating the expression levels of zinc finger E-box binding homeobox 1 and 2 (ZEB1 and ZEB2), and regulated bladder cancer cell migration and invasion by tumor suppressive hsa-miR-145 and its target gene the actin-binding protein fascin homologue 1 (FSCN1). Furthermore, we also observed a positive correlation between lncRNA-UCA1 and ZEB1/2 expression, and a negative correlation between lncRNA-UCA1 and hsa-miR-145 expression in bladder cancer specimens. Importantly, we found that lncRNA-UCA1 repressed hsa-miR-145 expression to upregulate ZEB1/2, whereas the suppression of hsa-miR-145 could upregulate lncRNA-UCA1 expression in bladder cancer cells. Moreover, the binding site for hsa-miR-145 within exons 2 and 3 of lncRNA-UCA1 contributed to the reciprocal negative regulation of lncRNA-UCA1 and hsa-miR-145. Taken together, our results identified that lncRNA-UCA1 enhances bladder cancer cell migration and invasion in part through the hsa-miR-145/ZEB1/2/FSCN1 pathway. Therefore, lncRNA-UCA1 might act as a promising therapeutic target for the invasion and metastasis of bladder cancer."	0
"Title: Analysis of the Role and Regulatory Mechanism of hsa-miR-504 in Cervical Cancer Based on The Cancer Genome Atlas Database. Abstract: Objective:This study investigated the expression and clinical value of hsa-miR-504 in cervical cancer and its possible mechanism of regulating the progress of cervical cancer.Methods:The expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) in cervical cancer was analyzed on The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database. The correlation between differentially expressed miRNAs and overall survival (OS) of cervical cancer patients was analyzed by Kaplan-Meier method. The target genes regulated downstream by hsa-miR-504 were predicted by miRWalk 2.0 and analyzed by Gene Ontology (GO) annotation and Kyoto Encyclopedia of Genes and Genomes (KEGG) after differential screening. Univariate and multivariate Cox regressions were performed to screen the prognosis-related target genes.Results:There were 82 differentially expressed miRNAs between cervical cancer and noncancerous tissues in TCGA database (fold change >2,p< 0.05). Among them, nine miRNAs, including hsa-miR-504, were significantly correlated with OS in cervical cancer patients. Hsa-miR-504 was downregulated in cervical cancer, and low hsa-miR-504 expression was associated with poor prognosis. There were 2670 target genes of hsa-miR-504, and 240 target genes were further confirmed to be upregulated by TCGA database (fold change >2,p< 0.05). GO and KEGG showed that the upregulated target genes were mainly enriched in cell cycle, DNA replication,p53signaling pathway, and so on. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that 21 target genes were associated with OS in cervical cancer patients (p< 0.05). Univariate and multivariate Cox regression analysis showed that five genes were independent prognostic factors in cervical cancer.Conclusion:The low expression of hsa-miR-504 was closely related to the occurrence and development of cervical cancer, and hsa-miR-504 might be a potential molecular marker for favorable prognosis in cervical cancer. Cell cycle, DNA replication, andp53signaling pathway were important mechanisms of downregulated hsa-miR-504 involved in the occurrence and development of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Plasma miR-145 as a novel biomarker for the diagnosis and radiosensitivity prediction of human cervical cancer. Abstract: Objectives The objective of this study was to evaluate levels of plasma miR-145 in patients with cervical cancer (CC) and investigate its biomarker potential. Methods Using qRT-PCR, we compared plasma miR-145 levels in 120 patients with CC, 120 patients with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN), and 120 healthy volunteers. The association between plasma miR-145 expression and clinicopathological factors, including radiation response, was also analyzed. Results Plasma miR-145 levels were lower in CC patient than in CIN patients and healthy controls. Low levels were significantly associated with poor cancer differentiation, lymph node metastasis, HPV, and advanced FIGO stage. CC patients who achieved complete response to radiotherapy had higher plasma miR-145 levels than incomplete responders. ROC analysis confirmed that plasma miR-145 is a candidate biomarker for detecting CC and differentiating complete responders from incomplete responders. Conclusions Plasma miR-145 is reduced in CC and is a novel candidate biomarker for diagnosing CC and predicting radiosensitivity."	0
"Title: Identification of FOXO3 and PRDM1 as tumor-suppressor gene candidates in NK-cell neoplasms by genomic and functional analyses. Abstract: Oligo-array comparative genomic hybridization (CGH) and gene-expression profiling of natural killer (NK)-cell neoplasms were used in an effort to delineate the molecular pathogenesis involved. Oligo-array CGH identified two 6q21 regions that were most frequently deleted (14 of 39 or 36%). One of these regions included POPDC3, PREP, PRDM1, ATG5, and AIM1, whereas the other included LACE1 and FOXO3. All genes located in these regions, except for POPDC3 and AIM1, were down-regulated in neoplastic samples, as determined by gene-expression analysis, and were therefore considered to be candidate tumor-suppressor genes. A20 and HACE1, the well-known tumor-suppressor genes located on 6q21-23, were included as candidate genes because they also demonstrated frequent genomic deletions and down-regulated expression. The Tet-Off NK cell line NKL was subsequently established for functional analyses. Seven candidate genes were transduced into Tet-Off NKL and forced re-expression was induced. Re-expression of FOXO3 and PRDM1 suppressed NKL proliferation, but this was not the case after re-expression of the other genes. This effect was confirmed using another NK cell line, SNK10. Furthermore, genomic analyses detected nonsense mutations of PRDM1 that led to functional inactivation in one cell line and one clinical sample. PRDM1 and FOXO3 are considered to play an important role in the pathogenesis of NK-cell neoplasms."	0
"Title: Locked nucleic acid (LNA) enhances binding affinity of triazole-linked DNA towards RNA. Abstract: Oligonucleotides containing internal triazole-3'-LNA linkages bind to complementary RNA with similar affinity and specificity to unmodified oligonucleotides, and significantly better than oligonucleotides containing triazole alone. In contrast LNA on the 5'-side of the triazole does not stabilise duplexes. Triazole-LNA confers great resistance towards enzymatic degradation relative to LNA alone."	0
"Title: Targeted delivery systems for oligonucleotide therapeutics. Abstract: Oligonucleotides including antisense oligonucleotides and siRNA are emerging as promising therapeutic agents against a variety of diseases. Effective delivery of these molecules is critical to their successful clinical application. Targeted systems can greatly improve the efficiency and specificity of oligonucleotides delivery. Meanwhile, an effective delivery system must successfully overcome a multitude of biological barriers to enable the oligonucleotides to reach the site of action and access their biological targets. Several delivery strategies based on different platform technologies and different targeting ligands have been developed to achieve these objectives. This review aims at providing a summary and perspective on recent progress in this very active area of research."	0
"Title: MiR-15a and MiR-16 control Bmi-1 expression in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Oncogenic activation of Bmi-1 is found in a wide variety of epithelial malignancies including ovarian cancer, yet a specific mechanism for overexpression of Bmi-1 has not been determined. Thus, realizing the immense pathologic significance of Bmi-1 in cancer, we wanted to investigate if microRNA (miRNA) aberrations played a role in the regulation of Bmi-1 in ovarian cancer. In this report, we identify two miRNAs, miR-15a and miR-16, that are underexpressed in ovarian cell lines and in primary ovarian tissues. We show that these miRNAs directly target the Bmi-1 3' untranslated region and significantly correlate with Bmi-1 protein levels in ovarian cancer patients and cell lines. Furthermore, Bmi-1 protein levels are downregulated in response to miR-15a or miR-16 expression and lead to significant reduction in ovarian cancer cell proliferation and clonal growth. These findings suggest the development of therapeutic strategies by restoring miR-15a and miR-16 expression in ovarian cancer and in other cancers that involve upregulation of Bmi-1."	0
"Title: The impact of activated p-AKT expression on clinical outcomes in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma: a clinicopathological study of 262 cases. Abstract: Oncogenic phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase/serine-threonine kinase (PI3K/AKT) pathway plays a critical role in cell proliferation and growth. Phosphorylated AKT (p-AKT) has been reported to be abnormally overexpressed and to have poor prognostic impact in solid tumors. Patients and methods: To define the clinical implications of p-AKT expression in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), we calculated arbitrary units (AUs) by multiplying the intensity and the proportion of p-AKT expression and investigated the impact of p-AKT expression on clinical outcomes. We assessed 262 patients with DLBCL. Based on a cutoff value of the upper limit of the third quartile of AUs, 56 patients were classified as high p-AKT and the remaining 206 patients were classified as low p-AKT. Results: The high p-AKT group was closely associated with more advanced stage (stage III-IV, P = 0.02), two or more extranodal involvement (P = 0.03), lactic dehydrogenase elevation (P = 0.03), higher International Prognostic Index risk groups (high intermediate/high, P = 0.02), and the presence of B-symptoms (P = 0.01). The high p-AKT group showed substantially worse overall survival (OS) (median OS, 115.0 months versus not reached, P = 0.004) and progression-free survival (PFS) (median PFS, 25.5 versus 105.8 months, P = 0.019) compared with the low p-AKT group. Multivariate analysis revealed that high p-AKT expression retained its significant poor prognostic impact for OS (hazard ratio 1.7; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-2.7; P = 0.031). The subgroup with high p-AKT expression and concurrent Epstein-Barr virus positivity showed worst prognosis with the median OS and PFS of 15.2 and 7.4 months. Conclusion: DLBCL patients with high p-AKT expression showed distinct clinical features and followed a more rapidly deteriorating clinical course with worse OS and PFS. Thus, a more effective treatment option should be developed for this subset of DLBCL patients, and targeting PI3K/AKT pathway may be a promising therapeutic strategy."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA-155 as a potential biomarker to track disease in breast cancer. Abstract: One major impediment to improving the management of breast cancer is the current lack of tumor marker with sufficient sensitivity and specificity. A growing body of evidence implicates the diagnostic potential of circulating miRNAs in cancer detection. MiR-155 plays an important role in the pathogenesis of breast cancer. However, the level of circulating miR-155 and its clinical relevance are not well established. The objective of the current study was to learn more about serum miR-155 in patients with breast cancer. Methodology/principal findings: Using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR), we demonstrated that serum miR-155 had significant increased levels in breast cancer patients (n = 103) compared with healthy subjects (n = 55) (p<0.001), which had a mean fold change of 2.94. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis revealed that miR-155 had considerable diagnostic accuracy, yielding an ROC-AUC (the areas under the ROC curve) of 0.801 (sensitivity 65.0%, specificity 81.8%). In addition, sera from a subset of breast cancer patients (n = 29) were collected after surgery and after four cycles of chemotherapy to evaluate the effects of clinical treatment on serum levels of candidate miRNAs. Surprisingly, a decreased level of serum miR-155 was found; whereas the concentrations of carbohydrate antigen 15-3 (CA15-3), carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) and tissue polypeptide specific antigen (TPS) did not show this trend. Our results revealed that 79% patients showed response or stable disease after therapy had declined levels of serum miR-155. Conclusions/significance: Our results suggest that serum miR-155 is a potential biomarker to discriminate breast cancer patients from healthy subjects. For the first time, we demonstrated a declined trend of miR-155 after surgery and chemotherapy, which raises the possibility to use it as an indicator for treatment response."	0
"Title: Stem cell division is regulated by the microRNA pathway. Abstract: One of the key characteristics of stem cells is their capacity to divide for long periods of time in an environment where most of the cells are quiescent. Therefore, a critical question in stem cell biology is how stem cells escape cell division stop signals. Here, we report the necessity of the microRNA (miRNA) pathway for proper control of germline stem cell (GSC) division in Drosophila melanogaster. Analysis of GSCs mutant for dicer-1 (dcr-1), the double-stranded RNaseIII essential for miRNA biogenesis, revealed a marked reduction in the rate of germline cyst production. These dcr-1 mutant GSCs exhibit normal identity but are defective in cell cycle control. On the basis of cell cycle markers and genetic interactions, we conclude that dcr-1 mutant GSCs are delayed in the G1 to S transition, which is dependent on the cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor Dacapo, suggesting that miRNAs are required for stem cells to bypass the normal G1/S checkpoint. Hence, the miRNA pathway might be part of a mechanism that makes stem cells insensitive to environmental signals that normally stop the cell cycle at the G1/S transition."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs involved in regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition and cancer stem cells as molecular targets for cancer therapeutics. Abstract: One of the major challenges in cancer gene therapy is the identification of functionally relevant tumor-specific genes as the therapeutic targets. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are a class of small, 22-25 nucleotides, endogenously expressed noncoding RNA. miRNAs are important genetic regulators: one miRNA can possibly target multiple genes and they can function as tumor promoters (oncogenic miRNAs, oncomirs) or tumor suppressors (anti-oncomirs). Therefore, the identification of misregulated miRNAs in cellular signaling pathways related to oncogenesis can have profound implications for cancer therapy. The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) converts epithelial cells into mesenchymal cells, a normal embryological process that frequently get activated during cancer invasion and metastasis. Recent evidence also supports the presence of a small subset of self-renewing, stem-like cells within the tumor mass that possess the capacity to seed new tumors and they have been termed 'cancer stem cells (CSC)'. Conceivably, these CSCs could provide a resource for cells that cause therapy resistance. Although the cell origin of CSCs remains to be fully elucidated, a growing body of evidence has demonstrated that the biology of EMT and CSCs is tightly linked with the sequences and compositions of miRNA molecules. Therefore, targeting miRNAs involved in EMT and CSCs regulation can provide novel miRNA-based therapeutic strategies in oncology."	0
"Title: microRNA-944 overexpression is a biomarker for poor prognosis of advanced cervical cancer. Abstract: One-third of cervical cancer patients are still diagnosed at advanced stages. The five-year survival rate is decreased in about 50% of advanced stage cervical cancer patients worldwide, and the clinical outcomes are remarkably varied and difficult to predict. One of the miRNAs known to be associated with cancer tumorigenesis is miR-944. However, the prognostic value of miR-944 in cervical cancer has not been fully investigated. The aim of this study was to analyze clinical significance and prognostic value of miR-944 in cervical cancer. Methods: The expression levels of miR-944 were detected using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction in five types of cervical cancer cell lines and 116 formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) cervical tissues. The association between the expression levels of miR-944 and prognostic value was analyzed using the Kaplan-Meier analysis and Cox proportional hazards model. Results: The expression levels of miR-944 in cervical cancer tissues were significantly higher compared with those in normal tissues (P < 0.0001). Moreover, the expression levels of miR-944 in cervical cancer cell lines and FFPE tissues with human papillomavirus (HPV) infection were significantly higher compared to those without HPV infection (P < 0.01 and P = 0.02). High miR-944 expression was also markedly associated with bulky tumor size (P = 0.026), advanced International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) stage (P = 0.042), and lymph node metastasis (P = 0.030). In particular, high miR-944 expression group showed shorter overall survival than the low miR-944 expression group in the advanced FIGO stage (84.4% vs. 44.4%, HR = 4.0, and P = 0.01). Conclusions: These results suggest that miR-944 may be used as a novel biomarker for improving prognosis and as a potential therapeutic target."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits tumour growth and metastasis in osteosarcoma by targeting cyclin-dependent kinase, CDK6. Abstract: Osteosarcoma (OS) is reported to be one of the most familiar forms of the primary malignant tumor to adolescents and adults, which is usually found in their long bones. Evidence and data have shown that abnormality in micro-RNA expression is closely related to tumorigenesis. The aim of this study is to investigate the expression, function and underlying mechanism of miR-145 in OS. Materials and methods: MiR-145 expression in tumor tissues of patients and cell lines were detected by SYBR green qPCR. Kaplan-Meier method and log-rank test were applied to analyze the overall survival of patients with different miR-145 expression. MG-63 and U2OS cells were transfected with miR-145 or miR-NC, after which we recorded and analyzed the proliferation, migration and invasion respectively. Potential binding sites of miR-145 in CDK6 was identified using TargetScan 6.2. Meanwhile, OS cells were transfected with miR-NC, miR-145, or transfected with miR-145 and CDK6 vector together to find out whether the effect of miR-145 inhibit growth and mobility of OS cells were via targeting CDK6. Moreover, the expression of miR-145 was mediated by a constructed lentivirus vector to inoculate nude mice to observe the inhibiting effect of miR-145 in OS in vivo. Results: MiR-145 downregulation was remarkably related with the occurrence of a phenotype of OS with more aggressiveness. The univariate analysis was applied which showed that with a lower miR-145 level in OS patients led to a more unfavorable prognosis, or, a lower overall survival rate. In OS cells, cell proliferation, motility and invasion were inhibited by ectopic overexpression of miR-145 in vitro. Further studies into the mechanism indicated that its expression probably has a close interrelationship with the 3'- untranslated region (3'-UTR) of CDK6 mRNA, whose mRNA and expression levels were inhibited. And it is found that CDK6 expression was also reversely related to miR-145 expression in clinical specimens. In in vivo experiment, the miR-145 inhibits the growth of OS tumor. Conclusions: miR-145 plays a crucial role in inhibiting invasive and metastatic of OS, whose underlying mechanism probably is directly targeting CDK6. Therefore, MiR-145 is believed to have an important role in growth and metastasis of OS."	0
"Title: Changes in microRNA expression in the MG-63 osteosarcoma cell line compared with osteoblasts. Abstract: Osteosarcoma (OS) is the most common primary malignant bone tumor, particularly in adolescents and young adults. Early diagnosis remains a significant problem in the clinical treatment of OS as we remain far from a comprehensive understanding of the molecular genetic mechanisms and the biology involved. In addition, microRNAs (miRNAs or miRs), a large family of small non-coding RNAs, may provide a greater understanding of OS as they play a complex role in gene expression regulation in vitro and in vivo. In the current study, the differential expression profiles of miRNAs between OS and osteoblast cell lines were investigated by miRNA microarrays and real-time quantitative PCR (RT-qPCR). A total of 268 miRNAs were identified that were significantly dysregulated in OS compared with the osteoblast cell line, including miR-9, miR-99, miR-195, miR-148a and miR-181a, which had been validated as overexpressed, and miR-143, miR-145, miR-335 and miR-539, which were confirmed to be downregulated. This differential expression may aid future OS diagnosis and prognosis prediction and illustration of the potential mechanisms in the oncogenesis, development and metastasis of OS. Bioinformatic research on these differentially expressed miRNAs suggests that they are able to regulate the biological behaviors of OS in a complex and effective manner. Further study on the function of these miRNAs is likely to provide new insights into OS biology and treatment."	0
"Title: miRNA-29c suppresses lung cancer cell adhesion to extracellular matrix and metastasis by targeting integrin ?1 and matrix metalloproteinase2 (MMP2). Abstract: Our pilot study using miRNA arrays found that miRNA-29c (miR-29c) is differentially expressed in the paired low-metastatic lung cancer cell line 95C compared to the high-metastatic lung cancer cell line 95D. Bioinformatics analysis shows that integrin ?1 and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP2) could be important target genes of miR-29c. Therefore, we hypothesized that miR-29c suppresses lung cancer cell adhesion to extracellular matrix (ECM) and metastasis by targeting integrin ?1 and MMP2. The gain-of-function studies that raised miR-29c expression in 95D cells by using its mimics showed reductions in cell proliferation, adhesion to ECM, invasion and migration. In contrasts, loss-of-function studies that reduced miR-29c by using its inhibitor in 95C cells promoted proliferation, adhesion to ECM, invasion and migration. Furthermore, the dual-luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that miR-29c inhibited the expression of the luciferase gene containing the 3'-UTRs of integrin ?1 and MMP2 mRNA. Western blotting indicated that miR-29c downregulated the expression of integrin ?1 and MMP2 at the protein level. Gelatin zymography analysis further confirmed that miR-29c decreased MMP2 enzyme activity. Nude mice with xenograft models of lung cancer cells confirmed that miR-29c inhibited lung cancer metastasis in vivo, including bone and liver metastasis. Taken together, our results demonstrate that miR-29c serves as a tumor metastasis suppressor, which suppresses lung cancer cell adhesion to ECM and metastasis by directly inhibiting integrin ?1 and MMP2 expression and by further reducing MMP2 enzyme activity. The results show that miR-29c may be a novel therapeutic candidate target to slow lung cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: MiR-139 targets CXCR4 and inhibits the proliferation and metastasis of laryngeal squamous carcinoma cells. Abstract: Our previous studies have showed that chemokine receptor 4 (CXCR4) was over-expressed in laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC). However, the mechanism underlying aberrant CXCR4 expression remains unclear. To investigate the roles played by miRNAs in CXCR4 over-expression in LSCC, putative miR-139 was predicted through computational algorithms, including TargetScan, PicTar and miRBase, and luciferase reporter assay was explored to confirm that whether CXCR4 was directly regulated by miR-139. Then, quantitative real-time PCR, immunohistochemistry and in situ hybridization methods were employed to detect the expression of miR-139 and CXCR4 in primary LSCC tissues, normal adjacent mucosal tissues and metastatic lesions derived from 40 LSCC patients in the Second Hospital, Xi'An JiaoTong University. Finally, gain- and loss-of-function assays were adopted to explore the effects of miR-139 and CXCR4 on proliferation, invasion and metastasis of the human LSCC cell line Hep-2 in vitro and in vivo. Our results showed that miR-139 dampened CXCR4 expression, and CXCR4 was directly targeted by miR-139. Additionally, the expression of miR-139 was reduced in alignment with the progression of primary to metastatic LSCC. Moreover, an inverse correlation was observed between miR-139 and CXCR4 protein levels in LSCC specimens. Functional analyses demonstrated that ectopic expression of miR-139 inhibited cell proliferation, migration and metastasis of Hep-2 cells in vitro and in vivo. Similar to the observations seen in restoring miR-139 expression, dampening of CXCR4 expression inhibited cell growth, migration and invasion, whereas miR-139 over-expression reversed the pro-metastatic effect of CXCR4. Taken together, we conclude that miR-139 targets CXCR4 and inhibits proliferation and metastasis of LSCC."	0
"Title: Real-time expression profiling of microRNA precursors in human cancer cell lines. Abstract: Our previous study described a real-time PCR method to quantify microRNA (miRNA) precursors using SYBR green detection [T. D. Schmittgen, J. Jiang, Q. Liu and L. Yang (2004) Nucleic Acids Res., 32, e43]. The present study adapted the assay to a 384-well format and expanded it to include primers to 222 human miRNA precursors. TaqMan minor groove binder probes were used to discriminate nearly identical members of the let-7 family of miRNA isoforms. The miRNA precursor expression was profiled in 32 human cell lines from lung, breast, colorectal, hematologic, prostate, pancreatic, and head and neck cancers. Some miRNA precursors were expressed at similar levels in many of the cell lines, while others were differentially expressed. Clustering analysis of the miRNA precursor expression data revealed that most of the cell lines clustered into their respective tissues from which each cell line was ostensibly derived. miRNA precursor expression by PCR paralleled the mature miRNA expression by northern blotting for most of the conditions studied. Our study provides PCR primer sequences to all of the known human miRNA precursors as of December 2004 and provides a database of the miRNA precursor expression in many commonly used human cancer cell lines."	0
"Title: MiR-216b inhibits cell proliferation by targeting FOXM1 in cervical cancer cells and is associated with better prognosis. Abstract: Our previous study showed FOXM1 expression was significantly up-regulated in cervical cancer, and was associated with poor prognosis. To clarify miRNAs-FOXM1 modulation pathways, in this study, we investigated the relationships between miR-216b and FOXM1 and the role of miR-216b in cell proliferation and prognosis of cervical cancer patients. Methods: Western blotting and qPCR were used to determine expression of FOXM1, cell cycle related factors and miR-216b level. MiR-216b overexpression and inhibited cell models were constructed, and siRNA was used for FOXM1 silencing. Cell proliferation was analyzed by MTT and colony formation assay. Dual luciferase reporter assay system was used to clarify the relationships between miR-216b and FOXM1. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was used to evaluate prognosis. Results: MiR-216b was down-regulated in cervical cancer cells and tissues, and its ectopic expression could decrease cell proliferation. Western blotting analysis showed miR-216b can inhibit cell proliferation by regulating FOXM1-related cell cycle factors, suppressing cyclinD1, c-myc, LEF1 and p-Rb and enhancing p21 expression. Repressing of miR-216b stimulated cervical cancer cell proliferation, whereas silencing FOXM1 expression could reverse this effect. Western blotting and luciferase assay results proved FOXM1 is a direct target of miR-216b. Survival analysis showed higher level of miR-216b was associated with better prognosis in cervical cancer patients. Conclusions: FOXM1 expression could be suppressed by miR-216b via direct binding to FOXM1 3'-UTR and miR-216b could inhibit cell proliferation by regulating FOXM1 related Wnt/?-catenin signal pathway. MiR-216b level is related to prognosis in cervical cancer patients and may serve as a potential prognostic marker."	0
"Title: Progesterone-Induced miR-145/miR-143 Inhibits the Proliferation of Endometrial Epithelial Cells. Abstract: Our previous study showed that progesterone (P4) can specifically regulate the expression of some microRNAs (miRNAs) in endometrial epithelium. In the present study, we verified the P4-dependent expression of miR-145/miR-143 in endometrial epithelial cells, explored the regulative mechanism of the P4 receptor (PR), and investigated their effects on the proliferation of endometrial epithelial cells. Our results showed that P4 can induce the expression of miR-145/143 in endometrial epithelial cells by acting on the PR A subtype. P4-induced miR-145/143 can inhibit the expression of cyclin D2 by binding to cyclin D2 mRNA 3'UTR. It can also inhibit cell proliferation in mouse endometrial epithelium by arresting the cell cycle during the G1-S checkpoint. Furthermore, miR-145 and miR-143 can inhibit the proliferation of human endometrial cancer cells. In conclusion, P4-induced miR-145/miR-143 is an important regulator in the proliferation of endometrial epithelial cells, and it can also inhibit the proliferation of human endometrial cancer cells. Our study indicates miRNAs are important mechanism of P4 in inhibiting the proliferation of endometrial epithelial cells. And these miRNAs are potential candidates for the diagnosis of endometrial cancer and therapeutic targets."	0
"Title: Tumor-suppressive microRNA-143/145 cluster targets hexokinase-2 in renal cell carcinoma. Abstract: Our recent studies of microRNA (miRNA) expression signatures have indicated that the miR-143/145 cluster is significantly downregulated in several types of cancer and represents a putative tumor-suppressive miRNA in human cancers. The aim of this study was to investigate the functional significance of the miR-143/145 cluster in cancer cells and to identify novel molecular targets of the miR-143/145 cluster in renal cell carcinoma (RCC). The expression levels of miR-143 and miR-145 were significantly downregulated in RCC tissues compared with adjacent non-cancerous tissues. A significant positive correlation was recognized between miR-143 and miR-145 expression. Restoration of mature miR-143 or miR-145 in 786-O and A498 RCC cells revealed that both mature miRNAs significantly inhibited cancer cell proliferation and invasion, suggesting that the miR-143/145 cluster functioned as a tumor suppressor in RCC. Gene expression data and in silico database analysis showed that the hexokinase-2 (HK2) gene, which encodes a glycolytic enzyme crucial for the Warburg effect in cancer cells, was a candidate target of the miR-143/145 cluster. Luciferase reporter assays showed that both miR-143 and miR-145 directly regulated HK2. In RCC clinical specimens, the expression of HK2 was significantly higher in cancer tissues than in non-cancerous tissues. Silencing HK2 suppressed RCC cell proliferation and invasion, suggesting that HK2 has oncogenic functions in RCC. Thus, our data showed that loss of the tumor-suppressive miR-143/145 cluster enhanced RCC cell proliferation and invasion through targeting HK2."	0
"Title: The tumor-suppressive microRNA-143/145 cluster inhibits cell migration and invasion by targeting GOLM1 in prostate cancer. Abstract: Our recent study of microRNA (miRNA) expression signature of prostate cancer (PCa) has revealed that the microRNA-143/145 (miR-143/145) cluster is significantly downregulated in cancer tissues, suggesting that these cluster miRNAs are candidate tumor suppressors. The aim of this study was to investigate the functional significance of the miR-143/145 cluster in PCa cells and to identify novel targets regulated by these cluster miRNAs in PCa. Restoration of miR-143 or miR-145 in PCa cell lines (PC3 and DU145) revealed that these miRNAs significantly inhibited cancer cell migration and invasion. Gene expression data and in silico analysis demonstrated that Golgi membrane protein 1 (GOLM1) resembling a type II golgi transmembrane protein was a potential target of miR-143/145 cluster target gene. Gene expression studies and luciferase reporter assays showed that GOLM1 was directly regulated by the miR-143/145 cluster. Silencing of GOLM1 resulted in significant inhibition of cell migration and invasion in PCa cells. Furthermore, the expression of GOLM1 was upregulated in cancer tissues by immunohistochemistry. Loss of the tumor-suppressive miR-143/145 cluster enhanced cancer cell migration and invasion in PCa through directly regulating GOLM1. Our data on target genes regulated by the tumor-suppressive miR-143/145 cluster provide new insights into the potential mechanisms of PCa oncogenesis and metastasis."	0
"Title: miR-548e Sponged by ZFAS1 Regulates Metastasis and Cisplatin Resistance of OC by Targeting CXCR4 and let-7a/BCL-XL/S Signaling Axis. Abstract: Ovarian cancer (OC) is a severe malignancy featuring a poor prognosis due to rapid metastasis and chemotherapy resistance. In this study, we extensively investigated the upstream and downstream mechanisms of miR-548e in regulating OC progression and cisplatin resistance. Our results indicated that ZFAS1 was highly expressed and promoted OC cell proliferation, migration, invasion, and cisplatin resistance by directly suppressing miR-548e expression. ZFAS1 co-localized with miR-548e in the cytosols of OC cells. miR-548e repressed CXCR4 expression, and elevated CXCR4 expression promoted OC cell proliferation, migration, invasion, and cisplatin resistance. Cisplatin resistance induced by ZFAS1 and CXCR4 overexpression in OC cells was mediated by their suppression on let-7a and elevation of BCL-XL/S expression. ZFAS1 knockdown and miR-548e and let-7a overexpression impaired cisplatin resistance and suppressed lung metastatic nodule formation in nude mice. In conclusion, ZFAS1 binds with miR-548e to enhance CXCR4 expression to promote OC cell proliferation and metastasis, which also enhances cisplatin resistance by suppressing let-7a and elevating BCL-XL/S protein expression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA let?7d?5p rescues ovarian cancer cell apoptosis and restores chemosensitivity by regulating the p53 signaling pathway via HMGA1. Abstract: Ovarian cancer (OC) is the gynecological malignancy type with the highest mortality rate in females. The regulatory effect of microRNAs (miRs) on their target genes serves a key role in tumor development. Therefore, in the present study, whether miR let?7d?5p targeting high mobility group A1 (HMGA1) regulated biological characteristics and chemosensitivity of OC cells by mediating the p53 signaling pathway was investigated. The let?7d?5p level was detected in OC tissues and adjacent normal tissues, followed by detection in OC cell lines SKOV3, A2780, OVCAR?3 and CaOV3, and human normal ovarian epithelial cell line (IOSE?80), in order to select the OC cell line for the following experiments. Subsequently, OC cells were treated with the let?7d?5p mimic, siHMGA1 and Tenovin?1. The targeting association between let?7d?5p and HMGA1 was then examined, and the OC cell viability, migration, cycle and apoptosis were evaluated. Subsequently, the chemosensitivity of OC cells to cisplatin was verified. Finally, expression levels of let?7d?5p, HMGA1, p21, B?cell lymphoma?2 (Bcl?2)?associated X (Bax), p27, p53 wild?type (p53wt), p53 mutated (p53mut), proliferating cell nuclear antigen (PCNA), cyclin?dependent kinase 2 (CDK2), matrix metallopeptidase (MMP)2, MMP9 and Bcl?2 were determined. As demonstrated in the results, let?7d?5p expression was low in OC tissues and had an increased reduction in the OVCAR?3 cell line. HMGA1 was confirmed as a target of let?7d?5p, and its expression was also silenced by let?7d?5p. let?7d?5p repressed OC cell viability, migration, cell cycle progression and apoptosis, while it promoted the chemosensitivity of OC cells to cisplatin by targeting HMGA1. The expression of let?7d?5p, p21, Bax, p27 and p53wt was increased, while that of HMGA1, p53mut, PCNA, CDK2, MMP2, MMP9 and Bcl?2 was reduced following cell transfection. The results in the present study provided evidence that let?7d?5p may suppress proliferation, and facilitate apoptosis and cisplatin chemosensitivity of OC cells by silencing HMGA1 via the p53 signaling pathway."	0
"Title: Upregulation of microRNA-18b induces phosphatase and tensin homolog to accelerate the migration and invasion abilities of ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer (OC) is the most common cause of mortality from malignant gynecological cancers. Its lethality is mainly a result of tumors that are difficult to detect at the early stage and a lack of effective systemic therapy for advanced status cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) are a category of single-stranded non-coding small RNAs that bind to their target mRNAs, and aberrant expression levels of miRNAs may serve key roles in regulating cell migration and invasion of various types of human cancer. Previous studies have demonstrated that miR-18b may function as an oncogene in numerous types of tumors, but its role and molecular mechanism in OC remained unclear. The present study demonstrated for the first time that miR-18b expression was significantly upregulated in OC tissues and cells. An increased miR-18b expression level was positively associated with tumor grade and lymph node metastasis. Anin vitroassay revealed that exogenous inhibition of miR-18b expression may markedly inhibit OC cell migratory and invasive activities, whereas overexpression of miR-18b enhanced cell migratory and invasive abilities. Of note, usingin silicomethodologies and luciferase reporter assays, it was demonstrated that phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) was a direct target of miR-18b in OC cells. Furthermore, knockdown of miR-18b expression may significantly decrease mRNA and protein expression levels of endogenous PTEN. The results of the present study highlighted that upregulation of miR-18b was involved in OC cell metastasis by directly targeting PTEN. Inhibition of miR-18b may be a novel effective diagnostic and therapeutic measure for OC."	0
"Title: Knockdown of miR-629 Inhibits Ovarian Cancer Malignant Behaviors by Targeting Testis-Specific Y-Like Protein 5. Abstract: Ovarian cancer (OC) is the most lethal gynecological cancer. The molecular mechanism of it is complicated, and numerous researches suggest that microRNAs are key regulators for it. This study was to investigate the pivotal role of miR-629 in the progression of OC and to reveal the possible molecular mechanism of its action. Testis-specific Y-like protein 5 (TSPYL5) is a tumor suppressor gene in various cancers, but there is little for its role in OC. OC OVCAR3 cells were transfected with the miR-629 vector, miR-629 inhibitor, and/or small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting TSPYL5 (si-TSPYL5), respectively. After transfection, cell apoptosis, the ability of migration, and invasion were explored, as well as the level of miR-629 and TSPYL5 protein expression were detected by quantitative polymerase chain reaction and western blot. Compared with the control, there was increasing of miR-629, and decreasing of TSPYL5 and caspase 3 in OC tissue. Overexpression of miR-629 promoted the cell ability of migration and invasion and reduced OC cell apoptosis. In addition, elevated cancer inhibition ability of TSPYL5 induced by the miR-629 inhibitor was significantly blocked by inhibition of TSPYL5 (si-TSPYL5). All the above results suggested that miR-629 could promote OC proliferation, migration, and invasion by directly suppressing TSPYL5 expression, and inhibition of miR-629 might serve as a therapeutic target for OC."	0
"Title: Increased expression of miR-148b in ovarian carcinoma and its clinical significance. Abstract: Ovarian cancer affects females worldwide and is associated with poor patient prognosis. Identification of diagnostic biomarkers and effective therapeutic targets is vital for the diagnosis and treatment of ovarian cancer. Recently, researchers have found that microRNAs play several important roles in carcinogenesis. The purpose of this study was to investigate the relationship between miR-148b expression in human ovarian cancer tissues and clinicopathological features. Seventy-seven ovarian carcinoma tissues and 17 normal ovary tissues were collected from the First Hospital of China Medical University. For quantitative detection of the expression levels of miR-148b, total RNA was extracted and then reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction was performed. The relationship between miR-148b expression in ovarian cancer and clinicopathological features was analyzed. We found that miR-148b was overexpressed in 92.21% (71/77) of the ovarian cancer samples examined, and overexpression of miR-148b in ovarian cancer tissues was not associated with any of the clinicopathological features of patients with ovarian cancer. Taken together, miR-148b may be involved in the early stage of ovarian carcinogenesis and could be used as an ef?cient diagnostic biomarker."	0
"Title: MicroRNA in Ovarian Cancer: Biology, Pathogenesis, and Therapeutic Opportunities. Abstract: Ovarian cancer comprises one of the three major malignant tumor types in the female reproductive system. The mortality rate of this cancer is the highest among all gynecological tumors, with ovarian cancer metastasis constituting an important cause of death. Therefore, markers for disease prediction and prognosis are highly desirable for early diagnosis as well as for helping optimize and personalize treatment. Recently, microRNAs (miRNAs), which consist of short-sequence RNAs that do not encode a protein, have emerged as new biomarkers in the clinical diagnosis and treatment of ovarian cancer. By pairing with bases specific to the target messenger RNA (mRNA), miRNAs cause degradation of the target mRNA or inhibit its translation, thereby regulating various cellular processes including cell proliferation and adhesion. Increasing numbers of studies have shown that miRNA expression abnormality plays an important role in the development of ovarian cancer. In this review, we discuss the mechanisms of miRNA action, current research regarding their role in the suppression or promotion of ovarian cancer, and their use as markers for diagnosis of prognosis or as therapeutic targets for this disease. Finally, we present future perspectives regarding the clinical management of ovarian cancer and the role for miRNAs therein."	0
"Title: LncRNA SDHAP1 confers paclitaxel resistance of ovarian cancer by regulating EIF4G2 expression via miR-4465. Abstract: Ovarian cancer has ranked as one of the leading causes of female morbidity and mortality around the world, which affects ?239,000 patients and causes 152,000 deaths every year. Chemotherapeutic resistance of ovarian cancer remains a devastating actuality in clinic. The aberrant upregulation of long non-coding RNA succinate dehydrogenase complex flavoprotein subunit A pseudogene 1 (lncRNA SDHAP1) in the Paclitaxel (PTX)-resistant ovarian cancer cell lines has been reported. However, studies focussed on SDHAP1 in its regulatory function of chemotherapeutic resistance in ovarian cancer are limited, and the detailed mechanisms remain unclear. In this study, we demonstrated that SDHAP1 was upregulated in PTX-resistant SKOV3 and Hey-8 ovarian cancer cell lines while the level of miR-4465 was downregulated. Knocking-down SDHAP1 induced re-acquirement of chemo-sensitivity to PTX in ovarian cancer cells in vitro. Mechanically, SDHAP1 upregulated the expression of EIF4G2 by sponging miR-4465 and thus facilitated the PTX-induced apoptosis in ovarian cancer cells. The regulation network involving SDHAP1, miR-4465 and EIF4G2 could be a potential therapy target for the PTX-resistant ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: A tRNA fragment, tRF5-Glu, regulates BCAR3 expression and proliferation in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a complex disease marked by tumor heterogeneity, which contributes to difficulties in diagnosis and treatment. New molecular targets and better molecular profiles defining subsets of patients are needed. tRNA fragments (tRFs) offer a recently identified group of noncoding RNAs that are often as abundant as microRNAs in cancer cells. Initially their presence in deep sequencing data sets was attributed to the breakdown of mature tRNAs, however, it is now clear that they are actively generated and function in multiple regulatory events. One such tRF, a 5' fragment of tRNA-Glu-CTC (tRF5-Glu), is processed from the mature tRNA-Glu and is shown in this study to be expressed in ovarian cancer cells. We confirmed that tRF5-Glu binds directly to a site in the 3'UTR of the Breast Cancer Anti-Estrogen Resistance 3 (BCAR3) mRNA thereby down regulating its expression. BCAR3 has not previously been studied in ovarian cancer cells and our studies demonstrate that inhibiting BCAR3 expression suppresses ovarian cancer cell proliferation. Furthermore, mimics of tRF5-Glu were found to inhibit proliferation of ovarian cancer cells. In summary, BCAR3 and tRF5-Glu contribute to the complex tumor heterogeneity of ovarian cancer cells and may provide new targets for therapeutic intervention."	0
"Title: Upregulation of miR-572 transcriptionally suppresses SOCS1 and p21 and contributes to human ovarian cancer progression. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a gynecological malignancy with high mortality rates worldwide and novel diagnostic and prognostic markers and therapeutic targets are urgently required. The suppressor of cytokine signaling 1 (SOCS1) and cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor 1A (p21(KIP)) are known to regulate tumor cell proliferation. However, the mechanisms that regulate these genes have not yet been completely elucidated. In the present study, analysis of a published microarray-based high-throughput assessment (NCBI/E-MTAB-1067) and real-time PCR demonstrated that miR-572 was upregulated in human ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. Kaplan-Meir analysis indicated that high level expression of miR-572 was associated with poorer overall survival. Ectopic miR-572 promoted ovarian cancer cell proliferation and cell cycle progression in vitro and tumorigenicity in vivo. SOCS1 and p21 were identified as direct targets of miR-572 and suppression of SOCS1 or p21 reversed the inhibiting-function of miR-572-silenced cell on proliferation and tumorigenicity in ovarian cancer cells. Additionally, the expression of miR-572 correlated inversely with the protein expression levels of SOCS1, p21 and positively with Cyclin D1 in ovarian carcinoma specimens. This study demonstrates that miR-572 post-transcriptionally regulates SOCS1 and p21 and may play an important role in ovarian cancer progression; miR-572 may represent a potential therapeutic target for ovarian cancer therapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-106a regulates phosphatase and tensin homologue expression and promotes the proliferation and invasion of ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a leading cause of malignant gynecological tumor-related mortality among women. The treatment of ovarian cancer patients continues to be challenging. MicroRNA?106a (miR?106a) is widely expressed in diverse human tumors. In the present study, we investigated the biological and pathological roles of miR-106a in ovarian cancers. We found that miR-106a expression was significantly increased in primary ovarian cancer tissues and ovarian cancer cells compared with the level in normal tissues. Ectopic expression of an miR-106a inhibitor attenuated ovarian cancer cell proliferation and invasion. miR-106a promoted the growth and invasion of SKOV3 cells by targeting phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN). Furthermore, the present study revealed that IL-6 inhibited miR-106a expression by activating STAT3. Tocilizumab, a humanized anti-human IL-6R antibody, that competitively inhibits IL-6/IL-6R signaling, did not inhibit the proliferation and invasion of SKOV3 cells. In conclusion, our studies revealed that miR-106a was significantly increased in the ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. Downregulation of the expression of miR-106a inhibited cell growth and metastasis of ovarian cancer cells. Together, the present study suggests that miR?106a acts as an oncogene in ovarian cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-1284 Inhibits Cell Viability and Induces Apoptosis of Ovarian Cancer Cell Line OVCAR3. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is a malignancy with high mortality among women. Multiple reports show that microRNAs (miRs) act as regulators in ovarian cancer inhibition, while the role of miR-1284 in ovarian cancer is still unknown. This study aimed to investigate the effects of miR-1284 on ovarian cancer cells. Human ovarian cancer cell line OVCAR3 was cultured and transfected with miR-1284 mimics, inhibitors, or control. Viability and apoptosis of transfected cells were then determined by MTT assay, BrdU assay, and flow cytometry. Expression changes of p27, p21, and PI3K/Akt pathway-related proteins were measured by Western blot. Results showed that miR-1284 overexpression suppressed cell viability while increasing the apoptosis in OVCAR3 cells. Moreover, the expression level of p27 was upregulated by miR-1284 overexpression. Furthermore, miR-1284 overexpression and Akt inhibitor GSK690693 downregulated the levels of p-Akt and Bcl-2 while upregulating the levels of Bax and caspase 3. However, miR-1284 suppression attenuated the regulatory effects of GSK690693 on these proteins. In conclusion, miR-1284 could inhibit cell viability via regulating the expression of p27 and induce apoptosis via regulating the PI3K/Akt pathway in OVCAR3 cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-873 mediates multidrug resistance in ovarian cancer cells by targeting ABCB1. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is commonly treated with cisplatin and paclitaxel combination chemotherapy; however, ovarian cancer cells often develop resistance to these drugs. Increasingly, microRNAs (miRNAs) including miR-873 have been implicated in drug resistance in many cancers, but the role of miR-873 in ovarian cancer remains unknown. MTT cell viability assays revealed that the sensitivities of ovarian cancer lines to cisplatin and paclitaxel increased following transfection with miR-873 (P < 0.05). After predicting the miR-873 binding region in the 3'-untranslated region of ABCB1, dual-luciferase reporter assay confirmed this prediction. RT-PCR and Western blotting revealed that MDR1 expression was significantly downregulated after transfection with miR-873 and upregulated after transfection with anti-miR-873 at both mRNA and protein levels compared to negative controls (P < 0.05). Experiments in a mouse xenograft model confirmed that intratumoral administration of miR-873 could enhance the efficacy of cisplatin in inhibiting tumor growth in ovarian cancer in vivo (P < 0.05). ABCB1 overexpression reduced sensitivities of ovarian cancer lines OVCAR3 and A2780 to cisplatin and paclitaxel, which can be reversed by miR-873 mimic transfection (P < 0.05). In summary, we demonstrated that overexpression of miR-873 increased the sensitivity of ovarian cancer cells to cisplatin and paclitaxel by targeting MDR1 expression. Our findings suggest that combination therapies with chemotherapy agents and miR-873 may suppress drug resistance in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is not a single disease and can be subdivided into at least five different histological subtypes that have different identifiable risk factors, cells of origin, molecular compositions, clinical features and treatments. Ovarian cancer is a global problem, is typically diagnosed at a late stage and has no effective screening strategy. Standard treatments for newly diagnosed cancer consist of cytoreductive surgery and platinum-based chemotherapy. In recurrent cancer, chemotherapy, anti-angiogenic agents and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase inhibitors are used, and immunological therapies are currently being tested. High-grade serous carcinoma (HGSC) is the most commonly diagnosed form of ovarian cancer and at diagnosis is typically very responsive to platinum-based chemotherapy. However, in addition to the other histologies, HGSCs frequently relapse and become increasingly resistant to chemotherapy. Consequently, understanding the mechanisms underlying platinum resistance and finding ways to overcome them are active areas of study in ovarian cancer. Substantial progress has been made in identifying genes that are associated with a high risk of ovarian cancer (such as BRCA1 and BRCA2), as well as a precursor lesion of HGSC called serous tubal intraepithelial carcinoma, which holds promise for identifying individuals at high risk of developing the disease and for developing prevention strategies."	0
"Title: MiR-126-3p inhibits ovarian cancer proliferation and invasion via targeting PLXNB2. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the leading malignancies in women and the 5-year survival rate of ovarian cancer still remains poor. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the interaction between the miR-126-3p and PLXNB2 in the progression of ovarian cancer. The qRT-PCR data revealed a reduction of miR-126-3p level in ovarian cancer tissues comparing to the adjacent normal tissues. Over-expression of miR-126-3p in ovarian cancer cells suppressed cell proliferation and invasion and the phosphorylation of AKT and ERK1/2. The cell cycle assay results showed that the over-expression of miR-126-3p induced cells in G1-phase and reduced cells in S-phase. We further performed bioinformatics analysis and luciferase assay to investigate the relationship between miR-126-3p and PLXNB2 in ovarian cancer cells. The results of TargetScan suggested that PLXNB2 is a direct target of miR-126-3p in ovarian cancer cells, and luciferase assay confirmed bioinformatics prediction. Knocking down of PLXNB2 with PLXNB2 siRNA results in repressed ovarian cancer cell proliferation and invasion, and decreased phosphorylation of AKT and ERK1/2, which is similar to the effect of over-expression of miR-126-3p in OC cells. The synergistic effect of combination of miR-126-3p over-expression and PLXNB2 down-regulation on the cell growth viability, cell colony, and cell invasion was also identified. All these findings indicated that miR-126-3p is involved in the progression of ovarian cancer via direct regulating PLXNB2."	0
"Title: MiR-122 inhibits epithelial mesenchymal transition by regulating P4HA1 in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most common gyneacologic malignancies, with high morbidity and high mortality. Hsa-miR-122-5p (miR-122) has been reported with tumor-suppressing roles in various cancers. In this study, miR-122 was overexpressed in ovarian cancer cells, and phenotypic experiments demonstrated that miR-122 inhibited migration and invasion in SKOV3 and OVCAR3 cells. MiR-122 also suppressed epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT), evidenced by expression changes of E-cadherin, vimentin, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)2, and MMP14. Prolyl-4-hydroxylase subunit alpha-1 (P4HA1) was identified as a target of miR-122, and downregulated by miR-122. MiR-122-induced the elevation of migration, invasion, and EMT were recovered by P4HA1. Additionally, miR-122 restrained the tumor metastasis of SKOV3 cells in peritoneal cavity of nude mice. In summary, we demonstrated that miR-122 inhibited migration, invasion, EMT, and metastasis in peritoneal cavity of ovarian cancer cells by targeting P4HA1 for the first time, which shed lights on the discovery of miR-122 and P4HA1 as possible potential diagnostic markers and therapeutic targets for ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-498 regulated FOXO3 expression and inhibited the proliferation of human ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most common human malignancies and the fifth leading cause of cancer deaths in women. Thus, improved approaches for detection of ovarian cancer are urgently needed. Recently, microRNAs (miRNAs) have been suggested to be closely associated with ovarian cancer tumorigenesis. In the current study, our study showed that expression of miR-498 was markedly downregulated in ovarian cancer cells and ovarian cancer tissues compared with human ovary surface epithelial cells (HOSE) and the matched tumor adjacent normal tissues (ANT). Ectopic expression of miR-498 suppressed cell proliferation of ovarian cancer cells, while i miR-498-in showed the opposite effect. Furthermore, upregulation of miR-498 in ovarian cancer cells resulted in blocking of their entry into the S transitional phase, which was caused by downregulation of the CDK regulator cyclin D1 and upregulation of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p27. Additionally, we identified FOXO3 as a direct target of miR-498. Moreover, we demonstrated that miR-498 upregulated FOXO3 expression by directly targeting the FOXO3 3'-untranslated region. Thus, our findings suggested that miR-498 acted as a new tumor suppressor by targeting the FOXO3 gene and inhibiting cell proliferation of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: A miR-200 microRNA cluster as prognostic marker in advanced ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most deadly human cancers, resulting in over 15,000 deaths in the US each year. A reliable method that could predict disease outcome would improve care of patients with this disease. The main aim of this study is to identify novel prognostic biomarkers for advanced ovarian cancer. Methods: We hypothesized that microRNAs (miRNAs) may predict outcome and have examined the prognostic value of these small RNA molecules on disease outcome prediction. miRNAs are a newly identified family of non-coding RNA genes, and recent studies have shown that miRNAs are extensively involved in the tumor development process. We have profiled the expression of miRNAs in advanced ovarian cancer using a novel PCR-based platform and correlated miRNA expression profiles with disease outcome. Results: By performing miRNA expression profiling analysis of 55 advanced ovarian tumors, we have shown that three miR-200 miRNAs (miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-429) in the miR-200b-429 cluster are significantly associated with cancer recurrence and overall survival. Further target analysis indicates that these miR-200 miRNAs target multiple genes that are involved in cancer development. In addition, we have also shown that overexpression of this miR-200 cluster inhibits ovarian cancer cell migration. Conclusions: miR-200b-429 may be used as a prognostic marker for ovarian cancer outcome, and low-level expression of miR-200 miRNAs in this cluster predicts poor survival. In addition, our study suggests that miR-200 miRNAs could play an important regulatory role in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA-145 as a novel biomarker in human ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is one of the most threatening diseases among women in the world. Current detection methods are expensive and lack accuracy. Thus, a fast, non-invasive biomarker for detecting ovarian cancer is urgently needed. Compelling evidences have been demonstrated that microRNAs, a large family of single-stranded and non-protein-coding RNA molecules, can serve as useful biomarkers in cancer detection. In this study, the relative expressions of microRNA-145 (miR-145) in the serum of patients with ovarian cancer and healthy controls were investigated in an independent study. Subsequently, the diagnosis and prognosis value of miR-145 as a biomarker for ovarian cancer were examined. Furthermore, we performed a meta-analysis to summarize all the results from published studies and this study. Relative expressions of miR-145 were investigated in three independent groups (malignant ovarian cancer, benign ovarian tumor, and healthy controls), comprising a total of 270 participants. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curves and overall survival (OS) curves were conducted to compare miR-145 level and clinical characteristics among the three groups. The results showed that relative expressions of the serum miR-145 were significantly down-regulated in patients with malignant ovarian cancer and benign ovarian cancer, compared to healthy controls (P < 0.01). Serum miR-145 levels could discriminate patients with malignant ovarian cancer from healthy controls, with a power area under the curve (AUC) of 0.82 (95 % confidence interval (CI) = 0.77-0.88). Furthermore, patients with low serum levels of miR-145 had a significantly shorter median overall survival rate (hazard ratio (HR) = 1.81, 95 % CI = 1.03-3.17, P = 0.039). The meta-analysis yields good diagnostic performances of miR-145 in various cancers, with an AUC of 0.82 (95 % CI, 0.78-0.85). In conclusion, the present study suggested that miR-145 can potentially serve as an outstanding biomarker for ovarian and other human cancers detection."	0
"Title: Biomarkers and algorithms for diagnosis of ovarian cancer: CA125, HE4, RMI and ROMA, a review. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the 5th leading cause of death for women with cancer worldwide. In more than 70% of cases, it is only diagnosed at an advanced stage. Our study aims to give an update on the biological markers for diagnosing ovarian cancer, specifically HE4, CA 125, RMI and ROMA algorithms.Serum CA125 assay has low sensitivity in the early stages and can be increased in certain conditions such as menstruation or endometriosis. The level of HE4 is overexpressed in ovarian tumors. Its specificity is 94% and its level is not affected by endometriosis cysts. The combined measures of CA125 and HE4 have proved to be highly efficient with an area under the curve (AUC) of up to 0.96. Furthermore, this combined measure of CA125 can correct the variations in HE4 which are due to smoking or contraception combining estrogen plus progestin. While the specificity of RMI sometimes reaches 92%, the rather low AUC of 0.86 does not make it the best diagnostic tool. The specificity of ROMA is lower than HE4 (84% compared to 94%).To date, the most efficient biological diagnostic tool to diagnose ovarian cancer is the combination of CA125 and HE4."	0
"Title: Circulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition-associated miRNAs are promising biomarkers in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the fifth most common cause of cancer death among women that is mostly due to the difficulty of early diagnosis. Circulating miRNAs proved to be reliable biomarkers in various cancers. We screened 9 miRNAs, which are involved in epithelial-mesenchymal transition, in the plasma samples of patients with malignant (n = 28) or non-malignant (n = 12) ovarian tumors and disease-free healthy volunteers (n = 60) by qRT-PCR. The expression levels of miR200a, miR200b, miR200c, miR141, miR429, miR203a, miR34b (p < 0.001) and miR34a (p < 0.01) were significantly higher in the malignant samples than in healthy controls. MiR203a, miR141 (p < 0.01), miR200a and miR429 (p < 0.05) levels were also higher in malignant compared to non-malignant samples. ROC-AUC was the highest in the case of miR200c: 0.861 (95%CI = 0.776-0.947). Spearman's rank correlation analysis revealed positive correlation between the plasma levels of the studied miRNAs that was the highest between miR200b and miR200c (rs= 0.774; p < 0.001). Target analysis also suggested tight interaction between these miRNAs in the regulation of cancer development. The agreement of diagnostic tests based on miRNA levels and the standard CA125 or HE4 was weak according to Cohen's kappa values. We conclude that miR200 family members, miR34b and miR203a might be promising complementary biomarkers in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-205 promotes cell invasion by repressing TCF21 in human ovarian cancer. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the leading lethal, gynecological malignancy in the United States. No doubt, the continued morbidity and mortality of ovarian cancer reflects a poor understanding of invasive mechanisms. Recent studies reveal that ovarian cancers express aberrant microRNAs (miRNAs or miRs), some of which have oncogenic or tumor suppressor properties. Several studies suggested that miR-205 is involved in tumorigenesis. Presently, we investigate the molecular mechanisms and target of miR-205 in ovarian cancer. Methods: Quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and western blot were performed to assess miR-205 and transcription factor 21 (TCF21) expression in ovarian cancer and normal ovary samples. The effect of miR-205 on TCF21 was determined by luciferase reporter assay and western blot. The effect of miR-205 and TCF21 on cell invasion was quantitated using transwell invasion assay. Result: miR-205 expression was increased in ovarian cancer and it promoted the invasive behavior of ovarian cancer cell lines (OVCAR-5, OVCAR-8 and SKOV-3). miR-205 directly targeted TCF21, which was significantly decreased in ovarian cancer tissue. miR-205 inhibited TCF21 expression and as a consequence blunted the inhibitory effect of TCF21 on cell invasion. Matrix Metalloproteinases (MMPs) play an important role in cancer invasion and metastasis. TCF21 inhibited MMP-2 and MMP-10 and decreased ovarian cancer cell invasion. Co-transfection of TCF21 expression plasmid with miR-205 mimic diminished the inhibitory effect of TCF21 on MMP-2 and MMP-10 in ovarian cancer cells. Conclusion: miR-205 appears to have an important role in the spread of ovarian cancer by targeting TCF21. These findings offer a new mechanism of ovarian cancer tumorigenesis, which could be useful for the development of new therapeutic approaches to ovarian cancer treatment."	0
"Title: Double-negative feedback interaction between DNA methyltransferase 3A and microRNA-145 in the Warburg effect of ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecological malignancy because of its poor prognosis. The Warburg effect is one of the key mechanisms mediating cancer progression. Molecules targeting the Warburg effect are therefore of significant therapeutic value for the treatment of cancers. Many microRNAs (miR) are dysregulated in cancers, and aberrant miR expression patterns have been suggested to correlate with the Warburg effect in cancer cells. In our study, we found that miR-145 negatively correlated with DNA methyltransferase (DNMT)3A expression at cellular/histological levels. miR-145 inhibited the Warburg effect by targeting HK2. Luciferase reporter assays confirmed that miR-145-mediated downregulation of DNMT3A occurred through direct targeting of its mRNA 3'-UTRs, whereas methylation-specific PCR (MSP) assays found that knockdown of DNMT3A increased mRNA level of miR-145 and decreased methylation levels of promoter regions in the miR-145 precursor gene, thus suggesting a crucial crosstalk between miR-145 and DNMT3A by a double-negative feedback loop. DNMT3A promoted the Warburg effect through miR-145. Coimmunoprecipitation assays confirmed no direct binding between DNMT3A and HK2. In conclusion, a feedback loop between miR-145 and DNMT3A is a potent signature for the Warburg effect in ovarian cancer, promising a potential target for improved anticancer treatment."	0
"Title: MiR-1271 Inhibits Ovarian Cancer Growth by Targeting Cyclin G1. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the most lethal gynecological malignant cancer in the female genital system. The dysfunction of miRNA contributes to ovarian cancer development. Material and methods: The miR-1271 level in ovarian cancer tissues and cells was assayed by qRT-PCR. The miR-1271 expression in cells was overexpressed by miRNA-mimic transfection and reduced by miRNA-antisense-oligonucleotide (ASO) transfection. Cell proliferation was analyzed by an MTT assay. The targeted genes were predicted by a bioinformatics algorithm and confirmed by a dual luciferase reporter assay. The protein level was assayed by Western blotting. Results: The ovarian cancer tissue and cell lines showed low levels of miR-1271. Low levels of miR-1271 in ovarian cancer tissues were correlated with a low rate of patient survival, and the overexpression of miR-1271 inhibited the proliferation of ovarian cancer cells. The 3' UTR of cyclin G1 (CCNG1) was targeted by miR-1271. Conclusions: Low levels of miR-1271 in ovarian cancer tissues promoted cancer cell growth. MiR-1271 may be a new predictor of prognosis in ovarian cancer. MiR-1271 exerted its role by targeting CCNG1."	0
"Title: A novel serum microRNA panel to discriminate benign from malignant ovarian disease. Abstract: Ovarian cancer is the seventh most common cancer in women and the most frequent cause of gynaecological malignancy-related mortality in women. Currently, no standardized reliable screening test exists. MicroRNA profiling has allowed the identification of signatures associated with diagnosis, prognosis and response to treatment of human tumours. The aim of this study was to determine if a microRNA signature could distinguish between malignant and benign ovarian disease. A training set of 5 serous ovarian carcinomas and 5 benign serous cystadenomas were selected for the initial experiments. The validation set included 20 serous ovarian carcinomas and 20 benign serous cystadenomas. The serum/plasma focus microRNA Exiqon panel was used for the training set. For the validation set a pick and mix Exiqon panel, which focuses on microRNAs of interest was used. A panel of 4 microRNAs (let-7i-5p, miR-122, miR-152-5p and miR-25-3p) was significantly down regulated in cancer patients. These microRNAs target WNT signalling, AKT/mTOR and TLR-4/MyD88, which have previously been found to play a role in ovarian carcinogenesis and chemoresistance. let-7i-5p, miR-122, miR-152-5p and miR-25-3p could act as diagnostic biomarkers in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: miR-145 promotes miR-133b expression through c-myc and DNMT3A-mediated methylation in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer presents as malignant tumors in the female reproductive system with high mortality. MicroRNAs are involved in the progression of ovarian cancer; however, the regulatory relationship among miRs remains unclear. In our study, we verified that both miR-145 and miR-133b messenger RNA (mRNA) levels in ovarian cancer tissues were lower than in normal ovarian tissues, and their mRNA level in serum of patients with ovarian cancer was reduced. We demonstrated miR-145 targeted c-myc, and c-myc interacted physically with DNMT3A in ovarian cancer cells. We confirmed that c-myc recruited DNMT3A to the miR-133b promoter. miR-133b overexpression also inhibited target gene PKM2 expression along with the Warburg effect. Our results indicate that miR-145 inhibited the Warburg effect through miR-133b/PKM2 pathways, which may improve approaches to ovarian cancer diagnosis and treatment."	0
"Title: Ultrasound microbubbles mediated miR-let-7b delivery into CD133+ ovarian cancer stem cells. Abstract: Ovarian cancer stem cells (OCSCs) are considered the reason for ovarian cancer's emergence and recurrence. Ultrasound-targetted microbubble destruction (UTMD), a non-vial, safe, and promising delivery method for miRNA, is reported to transfect cancer stem cells (CSCs). In the present study, we investigated to transfect miR-let-7b into OCSCs using UTMD. The CD133+OCSCs, accounted for only 0.1% of ovarian cancer cell line A2780, were separated by flow cytometry, and the CSC characteristics of CD133+OCSCs have been proved by spheroid formation and self-renewal assay. The miR-let-7b transfection efficiency using UTMD was significantly higher than other groups except lipofectamine group through flow cytometry. The cell viability of all groups decreased after transfection, and the late apoptosis rate of CD133+OCSCs after miR-let7b transfection induced by UTMD was 2.62%, while that of non-treated cells was 0.02% (P<0.05). Furthermore, the Western blot results demonstrated that the stem cells surface marker of CD133 expression has decreased. Therefore, our results indicated that UTMD-mediated miRNA delivery could be a promising platform for CSC therapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 promotes the cell proliferation, invasion and migration abilities in ovarian epithelial carcinomas through inhibiting the expression of PTEN protein. Abstract: Ovarian cancer, especially epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC), which accounts for 90% of ovarian cancer, continues to be the leading cause of death among gynecological malignancies. However, the factors associated with its malignant biological behavior are still poorly understood. Accumulating evidence suggests that microRNAs (miRNAs), regulating diverse biological processes, may play an important role in tumorigenesis and development. miR-21 has been frequently observed to be aberrantly overexpressed in various tumors. Using real-time PCR, we confirmed that miR-21 was significantly overexpressed in human EOC tissues and cell lines. The overexpression of miR-21 correlated with histological differentiation, clinicopathological stage, and lymph node metastasis, and we showed that knockdown of miR-21 by an inhibitor caused a significant reduction in cell proliferation and decrease in cell migration and invasion abilities. Furthermore, we demonstrated that knockdown of miR-21 significantly increased the expression of PTEN, a known tumor suppressor in ovarian cancer. Collectively, our findings suggest miR-21 may be important in the initiation and progression of EOC as an oncomiR, likely through regulating PTEN."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-222-3p/GNAI2/AKT axis inhibits epithelial ovarian cancer cell growth and associates with good overall survival. Abstract: Ovarian carcinoma is the most lethal gynecologic tumor worldwide. Despite having developed molecular diagnostic tools and targeted therapies over the past few decades, patient survival is still quite poor. Numerous studies suggest that microRNAs are key regulators of many fundamental biological processes, including neoplasia and tumor progression. miR-222 is one of those miRNAs that has attracted much attention for its multiple roles in human diseases, especially cancer. The potential role of microRNAs in ovarian cancer has attracted much attention in recent years. Some of these microRNAs have been suggested as potential therapeutic targets for EOC patients. In this study, we sought to investigate the biologic functions of miR-222-3p in EOC carcinogenesis. Herein, we examined the expression of miR-222-3p in EOC patients, mouse models and cell lines, and found that higher expression of miR-222-3p was associated with better overall survival in EOC patients, and its level was negatively correlated with tumor growth in vivo. Furthermore, in-vitro experiments indicated that miR-222-3p inhibited EOC cell proliferation and migration, and decreased the phosphorylation of AKT. We identified GNAI2 as a target of miR-222-3p. We also found that GNAI2 promoted EOC cell proliferation, and is an activator of the PI3K/AKT pathway. We describe the characterization of a novel regulatory axis in ovarian cancer cells, miR-222-3p/GNAI2/AKT and its potential application as a therapeutic target for EOC patients."	0
"Title: Pathobiology of ovarian carcinomas. Abstract: Ovarian tumors comprise a heterogeneous group of lesions, displaying distinct tumor pathology and oncogenic potentiel. These tumors are subdivided into three main categories: epithelial, germ cell, and sex-cord stromal tumors. We report herein the newly described molecular abnormalities in epithelial ovarian cancers (carcinomas). Immunohistochemistry and molecular testing help pathologists to decipher the significant heterogeneity of this disease. Our better understanding of the molecular basis of ovarian carcinomas represents the first step in the development of targeted therapies in the near future."	0
"Title: Biomaterials for gene delivery: atelocollagen-mediated controlled release of molecular medicines. Abstract: Over the last decade, increasing attention has been paid to the development of systems to deliver drugs for long periods at controlled rates. Some of these systems can deliver drugs continuously for over one year. However, little effort has been given to developing systems for the controlled release of nucleic acids. Recently, a novel gene transfer method which allows prolonged release and expression of plasmid DNA in vivo in normal adult animals was established. In this system, a biocompatible natural polymer such as collagen or its derivatives acts as the carrier for the delivery of DNA vectors. The biomaterial carrying the plasmid DNA was administered into animals and, once introduced, gradually released plasmid DNA in vivo. A single injection of plasmid DNA/biomaterial produced physiologically significant levels of gene-encoding proteins in the local/systemic circulation of animals and resulted in prolonged biological effects. These results suggest that the biomaterials carrying plasmid DNA may enhance the clinical potency of plasmid-based gene transfer, facilitating a more effective and long-term use of naked plasmid vectors for gene therapy. Furthermore, the biomaterials can be removed surgically, minimizing the effect of gene products if some unexpected side effects should be observed after application. The application of these systems to expand the bioavailability of molecular medicine, including antisense oligonucleotides and adenovirus vectors, and to aid in stem cell transplantation in the context of DNA-based tissue engineering will be discussed."	0
"Title: Causes and consequences of microRNA dysregulation in cancer. Abstract: Over the past several years it has become clear that alterations in the expression of microRNA (miRNA) genes contribute to the pathogenesis of most--if not all--human malignancies. These alterations can be caused by various mechanisms, including deletions, amplifications or mutations involving miRNA loci, epigenetic silencing or the dysregulation of transcription factors that target specific miRNAs. Because malignant cells show dependence on the dysregulated expression of miRNA genes, which in turn control or are controlled by the dysregulation of multiple protein-coding oncogenes or tumour suppressor genes, these small RNAs provide important opportunities for the development of future miRNA-based therapies."	0
"Title: Chemosensitivity induced by down-regulation of microRNA-21 in gemcitabine-resistant pancreatic cancer cells by indole-3-carbinol. Abstract: Overexpression of microRNA-21 (miR-21) indicates chemoresistance in pancreatic cancer. We evaluated the change of chemosensitivity to gemcitabine through the down-regulation of miR-21 in human pancreatic cancer cells (Panc-1). Materials and methods: The efficacy of indole-3-carbinol (I3C) in suppressing miR-21 expression and its anticancer effect in combination with gemcitabine were investigated. Results: Down-regulation of miR-21 by I3C was positively-correlated in a time- and dose-dependent manner. I3C and gemcitabine combination therapy increased cytotoxicity in Panc-1 cells. Transfection of miR-21 mimic abrogated I3C-induced sensitivity to gemcitabine. DNA fragmentation and terminal deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dUTP nick-end labeling (TUNEL) assays showed that pre-treatment with I3C enhanced apoptosis and this effect was attenuated by miR-21 transfection. The expression of programmed cell death-4 (PDCD4) was increased by I3C and reduced by miR-21 transfection. Conclusion: I3C would be effective for enhancing sensitivity of pancreatic cancer cells to gemcitabine via down-regulation of miR-21. Such enhanced chemosensitivity might be explained by the increased expression of PDCD4, which is a downstream target which miR-21 negatively regulates."	0
"Title: DGCR6L, a novel PAK4 interaction protein, regulates PAK4-mediated migration of human gastric cancer cell via LIMK1. Abstract: Overexpression, genetic amplification and mutations of p21-activated kinase 4 (PAK4) were found in a variety of human cancers. PAK4 regulated actin cytoskeleton reorganization by phosphorylating LIMK1 and promoted cancer cells migration. Using yeast two-hybrid screen, we identified a novel PAK4 binding protein, DGCR6L, which was associated with cancer cell metastasis. We confirmed PAK4 binding to the DGCR6L specifically by GST pull-down assay, and found an association between endogenous PAK4 and DGCR6L by immunoprecipitation in mammalian cells. Furthermore, L115 of DGCR6L was the critical amino acid to bind 466-572aa in the very C-terminus of PAK4. Importantly, DGCR6L was required for the formation of PAK4-DGCR6L-beta-actin complex. Overexpressed DGCR6L promoted migration of AGS cells mediated by PAK4, whereas knock-down of DGCR6L markedly inhibited the migration of those cells. Moreover, DGCR6L (L115V), which did not bind to PAK4, lost the ability to promote AGS cells migration. DGCR6L colocalized with PAK4 or F-actin and enhanced the phosphorylation level of LIMK1 and cofilin in a dose dependent manner. Taken together, our results demonstrated that DGCR6L, a novel PAK4 interacting protein, regulated PAK4-mediated migration of human gastric cancer cells via LIMK1."	0
"Title: The beta4 integrin interactor p27(BBP/eIF6) is an essential nuclear matrix protein involved in 60S ribosomal subunit assembly. Abstract: p27(BBP/eIF6) is an evolutionarily conserved protein that was originally identified as p27(BBP), an interactor of the cytoplasmic domain of integrin beta4 and, independently, as the putative translation initiation factor eIF6. To establish the in vivo function of p27(BBP/eIF6), its topographical distribution was investigated in mammalian cells and the effects of disrupting the corresponding gene was studied in the budding yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae. In epithelial cells containing beta4 integrin, p27(BBP/eIF6) is present in the cytoplasm and enriched at hemidesmosomes with a pattern similar to that of beta4 integrin. Surprisingly, in the absence and in the presence of the beta4 integrin subunit, p27(BBP/eIF6) is in the nucleolus and associated with the nuclear matrix. Deletion of the IIH S. cerevisiae gene, encoding the yeast p27(BBP/eIF6) homologue, is lethal, and depletion of the corresponding gene product is associated with a dramatic decrease of the level of free ribosomal 60S subunit. Furthermore, human p27(BBP/eIF6) can rescue the lethal effect of the iihDelta yeast mutation. The data obtained in vivo suggest an evolutionarily conserved function of p27(BBP/eIF6) in ribosome biogenesis or assembly rather than in translation. A further function related to the beta4 integrin subunit may have evolved specifically in higher eukaryotic cells."	0
"Title: p53 regulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition through microRNAs targeting ZEB1 and ZEB2. Abstract: p53 suppresses tumor progression and metastasis. Epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a key process in tumor progression and metastasis. The transcription factors ZEB1 and ZEB2 promote EMT. Here, we show that p53 suppresses EMT by repressing expression of ZEB1 and ZEB2. By profiling 92 primary hepatocellular carcinomas (HCCs) and 9 HCC cell lines, we found that p53 up-regulates microRNAs (miRNAs), including miR-200 and miR-192 family members. The miR-200 family members transactivated by p53 then repress ZEB1/2 expression. p53-regulated miR-192 family members also repress ZEB2 expression. Inhibition or overexpression of the miRNAs affects p53-regulated EMT by altering ZEB1 and ZEB2 expression. Our findings indicate that p53 can regulate EMT, and that p53-regulated miRNAs are critical mediators of p53-regulated EMT."	0
"Title: Loss of p63 and its microRNA-205 target results in enhanced cell migration and metastasis in prostate cancer. Abstract: p63 inhibits metastasis. Here, we show that p63 (both TAp63 and ?Np63 isoforms) regulates expression of miR-205 in prostate cancer (PCa) cells, and miR-205 is essential for the inhibitory effects of p63 on markers of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), such as ZEB1 and vimentin. Correspondingly, the inhibitory effect of p63 on EMT markers and cell migration is reverted by anti-miR-205. p53 mutants inhibit expression of both p63 and miR-205, and the cell migration, in a cell line expressing endogenous mutated p53, can be abrogated by pre-miR-205 or silencing of mutated p53. In accordance with this in vitro data, ?Np63 or miR-205 significantly inhibits the incidence of lung metastasis in vivo in a mouse tail vein model. Similarly, one or both components of the p63/miR-205 axis were absent in metastases or colonized lymph nodes in a set of 218 human prostate cancer samples. This was confirmed in an independent clinical data set of 281 patients. Loss of this axis was associated with higher Gleason scores, an increased likelihood of metastatic and infiltration events, and worse prognosis. These data suggest that p63/miR-205 may be a useful clinical predictor of metastatic behavior in prostate cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-125b confers the resistance of breast cancer cells to paclitaxel through suppression of pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 antagonist killer 1 (Bak1) expression. Abstract: Paclitaxel (Taxol) is an effective chemotherapeutic agent for treatment of cancer patients. Despite impressive initial clinical responses, the majority of patients eventually develop some degree of resistance to Taxol-based therapy. The mechanisms underlying cancer cells resistance to Taxol are not fully understood. MicroRNA (miRNA) has emerged to play important roles in tumorigenesis and drug resistance. However, the interaction between the development of Taxol resistance and miRNA has not been previously explored. In this study we utilized a miRNA array to compare the differentially expressed miRNAs in Taxol-resistant and their Taxol-sensitive parental cells. We verified that miR-125b, miR-221, miR-222, and miR-923 were up-regulated in Taxol-resistant cancer cells by real-time PCR. We further investigated the role and mechanisms of miR-125b in Taxol resistance. We found that miR-125b was up-regulated in Taxol-resistant cells, causing a marked inhibition of Taxol-induced cytotoxicity and apoptosis and a subsequent increase in the resistance to Taxol in cancer cells. Moreover, we demonstrated that the pro-apoptotic Bcl-2 antagonist killer 1 (Bak1) is a direct target of miR-125b. Down-regulation of Bak1 suppressed Taxol-induced apoptosis and led to an increased resistance to Taxol. Restoring Bak1 expression by either miR-125b inhibitor or re-expression of Bak1 in miR-125b-overexpressing cells recovered Taxol sensitivity, overcoming miR-125-mediated Taxol resistance. Taken together, our data strongly support a central role for miR-125b in conferring Taxol resistance through the suppression of Bak1 expression. This finding has important implications in the development of targeted therapeutics for overcoming Taxol resistance in a number of different tumor histologies."	0
"Title: Differential microRNA expression signatures and cell type-specific association with Taxol resistance in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: Paclitaxel (Taxol) resistance remains a major obstacle for the successful treatment of ovarian cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have oncogenic and tumor suppressor activity and are associated with poor prognosis phenotypes. miRNA screenings for this drug resistance are needed to estimate the prognosis of the disease and find better drug targets. miRNAs that were differentially expressed in Taxol-resistant ovarian cancer cells, compared with Taxol-sensitive cells, were screened by Illumina Human MicroRNA Expression BeadChips. Quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to identify target genes of selected miRNAs. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was applied to identify dysregulated miRNAs in ovarian cancer patients using data from The Cancer Genome Atlas. A total of 82 miRNAs were identified in ovarian carcinoma cells compared to normal ovarian cells. miR-141, miR-106a, miR-200c, miR-96, and miR-378 were overexpressed, and miR-411, miR-432, miR-494, miR-409-3p, and miR-655 were underexpressed in ovarian cancer cells. Seventeen miRNAs were overexpressed in Taxol-resistant cells, including miR-663, miR-622, and HS_188. Underexpressed miRNAs in Taxol-sensitive cells included miR-497, miR-187, miR-195, and miR-107. We further showed miR-663 and miR-622 as significant prognosis markers of the chemo-resistant patient group. In particular, the downregulation of the two miRNAs was associated with better survival, perhaps increasing the sensitivity of cancer cells to Taxol. In the chemo-sensitive patient group, only miR-647 could be a prognosis marker. These miRNAs inhibit several interacting genes of p53 networks, especially in TUOS-3 and TUOS-4, and showed cell line-specific inhibition effects. Taken together, the data indicate that the three miRNAs are closely associated with Taxol resistance and potentially better prognosis factors. Our results suggest that these miRNAs were successfully and reliably identified and would be used in the development of miRNA therapies in treating ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 targets MUC13 and suppresses growth and invasion of pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Pancreatic cancer has a poor prognosis due to late diagnosis and ineffective therapeutic multimodality. MUC13, a transmembrane mucin is highly involved in pancreatic cancer progression. Thus, understanding its regulatory molecular mechanisms may offer new avenue of therapy for prevention/treatment of pancreatic cancer. Herein, we report a novel microRNA (miR-145)-mediated mechanism regulating aberrant MUC13 expression in pancreatic cancer. We report that miR-145 expression inversely correlates with MUC13 expression in pancreatic cancer cells and human tumor tissues. miR-145 is predominantly present in normal pancreatic tissues and early Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma (PDAC) precursor lesions (PanIN I) and is progressively suppressed over the course of development from PanIN II/III to late stage poorly differentiated PDAC. We demonstrate that miR-145 targets 3' untranslated region of MUC13 and thus downregulates MUC13 protein expression in cells. Interestingly, transfection of miR-145 inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and enhances gemcitabine sensitivity. It causes reduction of HER2, P-AKT, PAK1 and an increase in p53. Similar results were found when MUC13 was specifically inhibited by shRNA directed at MUC13. Additionally, intratumoral injections of miR-145 in xenograft mice inhibited tumor growth via suppression of MUC13 and its downstream target, HER2. These results suggest miR-145 as a novel regulator of MUC13 in pancreatic cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 induces 5-fluorouracil resistance in human pancreatic cancer cells by regulating PTEN and PDCD4. Abstract: Pancreatic cancer patients are often resistant to chemotherapy treatment, which results in poor prognosis. The objective of this study was to delineate the mechanism by which miR-21 induces drug resistance to 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) in human pancreatic cancer cells (PATU8988 and PANC-1). We report that PATU8988 cells resistant to 5-FU express high levels of miR-21 in comparison to sensitive primary PATU8988 cells. Suppression of miR-21 expression in 5-Fu-resistant PATU8988 cells can alleviate its 5-FU resistance. Meanwhile, lentiviral vector-mediated overexpression of miR-21 not only conferred resistance to 5-FU but also promoted proliferation, migration, and invasion of PATU8988 and PANC-1 cells. The proresistance effects of miR-21 were attributed to the attenuated expression of tumor suppressor genes, including PTEN and PDCD4. Overexpression of PTEN and PDCD4 antagonized miR-21-induced resistance to 5-FU and migration activity. Our work demonstrates that miR-21 can confer drug resistance to 5-FU in pancreatic cancer cells by regulating the expression of tumor suppressor genes, as the target genes of miR-21, PTEN and PDCD4 can rescue 5-FU sensitivity and the phenotypic characteristics disrupted by miR-21."	0
"Title: let-7 MicroRNA transfer in pancreatic cancer-derived cells inhibits in vitro cell proliferation but fails to alter tumor progression. Abstract: Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) is still the fourth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in Western countries, with increasing incidence. Neither effective prognostic markers nor therapies exist for this cancer. MicroRNAs are potent inhibitors of protein translation, and aberrantly expressed in many cancers. Because let-7 microRNA targets the K-ras oncogene, we aimed to characterize let-7 expression and function in PDAC in vitro and in vivo. Let-7 expression was quantified by real-time RT-PCR from resected tumors and matching adjacent tissue, and in endoscopic ultrasound-guided fine needle aspiration material from patients with PDAC. Let-7 is detected by reverse transcription in situ PCR in a PDAC tissue microarray. PDAC-derived cells were transfected with plasmid-based synthetic microRNAs or by lentiviral transduction, in vitro and in vivo. Let-7 microRNA expression is strongly reduced in PDAC samples, as compared with adjacent tissue. Let-7 is present in normal acinar pancreatic cells, and lost in poorly differentiated cancer samples. In addition, let-7 expression was repressed in patients with PDAC not eligible for surgery. Restoring let-7 levels in cancer-derived cell lines strongly inhibits cell proliferation, K-ras expression, and mitogen-activated protein kinase activation, but fails to impede tumor growth progression after intratumoral gene transfer or after implantation of Capan-1 cells stably overexpressing let-7 microRNA. We describe here for the first time the extensive loss of expression of let-7 in PDAC. In addition, this study provides the initial steps for a microRNA replacement therapy for this cancer."	0
"Title: Predictive factors of para-aortic lymph nodes metastasis in cervical cancer patients: a retrospective analysis based on 723 para-aortic lymphadenectomy cases. Abstract: Para-aortic lymph node (PALN) dissection is optional and controversial in patients with stage IB1-IIA2 cervical cancer. This retrospective study investigated PALN involvement patterns and evaluated preoperative clinical factors. A total of 723 consecutive FIGO stage IB1-IIA2 cervical cancer patients were included in the study. All patients underwent radical hysterectomy/radical trachelectomy, pelvic lymph node dissection, and PALN dissection. PALN metastasis was found in 101 (14.0%) patients, and the positive PALN rates of stage IB1, IB2, IIA1, and IIA2 were 8.4%, 11.1%, 17.2% and 21.7%, respectively. A multivariate model suggested age > 46 years (OR: 1.67, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.08-2.58), tumor size > 3.5 cm (OR: 1.79, 95% CI: 1.12-2.87), and FIGO stage IIA (vs. IB) (OR: 1.97, 95% CI: 1.25-3.11) all positively correlated with PALN metastasis. When squamous cervical cancer cases were categorically analyzed, a multivariate model indicated age > 46 years (OR: 1.67, 95% CI: 1.00-2.80), FIGO stage IIA (vs. IB) (OR: 1.76, 95% CI: 1.02-3.02), and squamous cell carcinoma antigen (SCCA) > 6.5 ng/ml (OR: 5.20, 95% CI: 3.07-8.81) all positively correlated with PALN metastasis. Age, tumor size, and FIGO stage correlated with PALN metastasis in cervical cancer, while age, FIGO stage, and SCCA level were predictive in squamous cell carcinoma."	0
"Title: MiR-34a attenuates paclitaxel-resistance of hormone-refractory prostate cancer PC3 cells through direct and indirect mechanisms. Abstract: Patients with hormone-refractory prostate cancer are treated with taxane drugs, but eventually become drug resistant. We aimed to elucidate the molecular mechanisms underlying paclitaxel resistance of hormone-refractory prostate cancer with a special focus on the roles of miR-34a and SIRT1. Methods: Paclitaxel-resistant cells (PC3PR) were generated from hormone-refractory PC3 cells. The expression levels of mRNA and miRNA were determined by reverse transcriptase PCR and those of protein were by Western blot analysis. Transfection of miRNA precursor or siRNA was performed using the liposome-mediated method. Results: MiR-34a over-expression and SIRT1 knockdown attenuated paclitaxel resistance of PC3PR cells. MiR-34a expression was reduced in PC3PR cells compared with PC3 cells, while the expression levels of HuR and Bcl2 as well as SIRT1 were elevated in PC3PR cells. Luciferase reporter assays revealed that both SIRT1 3'-UTR and promoter activities were higher in PC3PR cells than in PC3 cells. Introduction of miR-34a precursor into PC3PR cells resulted in decreases in HuR, Bcl2, and SIRT1 expression and inhibition of the SIRT1 3'-UTR activity. HuR knockdown reduced SIRT1 and Bcl2 expression. These results suggest that miR-34a not only directly but also indirectly via regulating HuR expression acts on the 3'-UTR of SIRT1 and Bcl2 mRNAs, thereby controlling their expression. Thus, in PC3PR cells, reduced expression of miR-34a confers paclitaxel resistance via up-regulating SIRT1 and Bcl2 expression. Conclusions: MiR-34a and its downstream targets SIRT1 and Bcl2 play important roles in the development of paclitaxel resistance, all of which can be useful biomarkers and promising therapeutic targets for the drug resistance in hormone-refractory prostate cancer."	0
"Title: miR-221 promotes tumorigenesis in human triple negative breast cancer cells. Abstract: Patients with triple-negative breast cancers (TNBCs) typically have a poor prognosis. TNBCs are characterized by their resistance to apoptosis, aggressive cellular proliferation, migration and invasion, and currently lack molecular markers and effective targeted therapy. Recently, miR-221/miR-222 have been shown to regulate ER? expression and ER?-mediated signaling in luminal breast cancer cells, and also to promote EMT in TNBCs. In this study, we characterized the role of miR-221 in a panel of TNBCs as compared to other breast cancer types. miR-221 knockdown not only blocked cell cycle progression, induced cell apoptosis, and inhibited cell proliferation in-vitro but it also inhibited in-vivo tumor growth by targeting p27(kip1). Furthermore, miR-221 knockdown inhibited cell migration and invasion by altering E-cadherin expression, and its regulatory transcription factors Snail and Slug in human TNBC cell lines. Therefore, miR-221 functions as an oncogene and is essential in regulating tumorigenesis in TNBCs both in vitro as well as in vivo."	0
"Title: miR-375 is down-regulated in squamous cervical cancer and inhibits cell migration and invasion via targeting transcription factor SP1. Abstract: Pelvic lymph node metastases are regarded as the most important risk factor and a predictor of poor prognosis for patients with cervical cancer. Exploration of metastasis-related molecules is helpful toward improving the prognosis in cervical cancer. To identify the role of miR-375 in metastasis and progression of cervical cancer, we examined the expression of miR-375 in 170 cervical cancer tissues and 68 normal cervical tissues, using stem-loop quantitative PCR, and found that the expression of miR-375 in cervical cancer tissues was significantly decreased by 4.45-fold, compared with 68 normal tissues. A significant correlation existed between miR-375 expression and clinicopathologic parameters, including lymph node metastasis of cervical cancer. Overexpressed miR-375 suppressed cell proliferation, blocked G1-to-S cell-cycle transition, and inhibited cell migration and invasion in human cervical SiHa and CaSki cells. SP1, a potential target gene of miR-375, was inversely correlated with miR-375 expression in cervical cancer tissues. Moreover, SP1 was negatively regulated by miR-375, and knockdown of SP1 by siRNA inhibited cell malignant behaviors. Thus, our findings suggest that down-regulated miR-375 promotes cell malignant behaviors via the target gene SP1 and may consequently contribute to the progression of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-2861 acts as a tumor suppressor via targeting EGFR/AKT2/CCND1 pathway in cervical cancer induced by human papillomavirus virus 16 E6. Abstract: Persistent infection with oncogenic human papillomavirus viruses (HPVs) is a casual factor for cervical cancer and its precursors, and the abnormal constitutive expression of viral oncoprotein E6 is a key event during the malignant transformation. Here, we performed miRNA microarray to identify changes of miRNAs following ectopic HPV16 E6 overexpression in HEK293T cells and found miR-2861 was greatly decreased in both HEK293T and HaCaT cells expressing HPV16 E6 compared to vector control. Further, we demonstrated a biological link among HPV16 E6, miR-2861, EGFR, AKT2, and CCND1 in cervical cancer cells. We showed that miR-2861 was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues and negatively correlated with advanced tumor stage and lymph node metastasis. Overexpression of miR-2861 suppressed cervical cancer cell proliferation and invasion and enhanced apoptosis. Subsequent investigation revealed that EGFR, AKT2, and CCND1 were all the direct targets of miR-2861. Importantly, silencing EGFR, AKT2, and/or CCND1 recapitulated the cellular effects seen upon miR-2861 overexpression. Restoration of EGFR, AKT2, and/or CCND1 counteracted the effects of miR-2861 expression. Thus, we identified a new pathway employing miR-2861, EGFR, AKT2, and CCND1 that may mediate HPV16 E6 induced initiation and progression of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Small tRNA-derived RNAs are increased and more abundant than microRNAs in chronic hepatitis B and C. Abstract: Persistent infections with hepatitis B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) account for the majority of cases of hepatic cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) worldwide. Small, non-coding RNAs play important roles in virus-host interactions. We used high throughput sequencing to conduct an unbiased profiling of small (14-40 nts) RNAs in liver from Japanese subjects with advanced hepatitis B or C and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Small RNAs derived from tRNAs, specifically 30-35 nucleotide-long 5' tRNA-halves (5' tRHs), were abundant in non-malignant liver and significantly increased in humans and chimpanzees with chronic viral hepatitis. 5' tRH abundance exceeded microRNA abundance in most infected non-cancerous tissues. In contrast, in matched cancer tissue, 5' tRH abundance was reduced, and relative abundance of individual 5' tRHs was altered. In hepatitis B-associated HCC, 5' tRH abundance correlated with expression of the tRNA-cleaving ribonuclease, angiogenin. These results demonstrate that tRHs are the most abundant small RNAs in chronically infected liver and that their abundance is altered in liver cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 post-transcriptionally regulates the expression and function of P-glycoprotein in intestinal epithelial cells. Abstract: P-glycoprotein (P-gp/MDR1) is a multispecific efflux transporter regulating the pharmacokinetics of various drugs. Although P-gp expression in the small intestine is elevated after liver ischemia-reperfusion (I/R) injury, the regulatory mechanism remains to be clarified. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play an important role in the post-transcriptional regulation of the expression of drug transporters. Here, we investigated the intestinal expression profile of miRNAs after liver I/R and the role of miRNAs in the post-transcriptional regulation of P-gp in intestinal epithelial cells. Microarray analysis showed that microRNA-145 (miR-145) level was decreased in the small intestine of I/R rats. This downregulation of miR-145 was further confirmed by real-time polymerase chain reaction. In silico analysis revealed that 3'-untranslated regions (UTRs) of rat Mdr1a, mouse Mdr1a, and human MDR1 mRNA retain binding sites for miR-145. Luciferase assays using MDR1 3'-UTR reporter plasmid in HEK293 cells showed that luciferase activity was decreased by the overexpression of miR-145, and the deletion of miR-145 binding site within MDR1 3'-UTR abolished this decreased luciferase activity. The downregulation of miR-145 in Caco-2 cells, an epithelial cell line derived from human colon, increased P-gp expression and efflux activity of rhodamine 123, but not MDR1 mRNA level. These findings demonstrated that miR-145 negatively regulates the expression and function of P-gp through the repression of mRNA by direct interaction on the 3'-UTR of MDR1 mRNA. In addition, the downregulation of miR-145 should significantly contribute to the elevated intestinal P-gp expression after liver I/R. Our results provide new insight into the post-transcriptional regulation of intestinal P-gp."	0
"Title: Phosphoglucose isomerase/autocrine motility factor mediates epithelial-mesenchymal transition regulated by miR-200 in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Phosphoglucose isomerase/autocrine motility factor (PGI/AMF) plays an important role in glycolysis and gluconeogenesis and is associated with invasion and metastasis of cancer cells. We have previously shown its role in the induction of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in breast cancer cells, which led to increased aggressiveness; however, the molecular mechanism by which PGI/AMF regulates EMT is not known. Here we show, for the first time, that PGI/AMF overexpression led to an increase in the DNA-binding activity of NF-?B, which, in turn, led to increased expression of ZEB1/ZEB2. The microRNA-200s (miR-200s) miR-200a, miR-200b, and miR-200c are known to negatively regulate the expression of ZEB1/ZEB2, and we found that the expression of miR-200s was lost in PGI/AMF overexpressing MCF-10A cells and in highly invasive MDA-MB-231 cells, which was consistent with increased expression of ZEB1/ZEB2. Moreover, silencing of PGI/AMF expression in MDA-MB-231 cells led to overexpression of miR-200s, which was associated with reversal of EMT phenotype (i.e., mesenchymal-epithelial transition), and these findings were consistent with alterations in the relative expression of epithelial (E-cadherin) and mesenchymal (vimentin, ZEB1, ZEB2) markers and decreased aggressiveness as judged by clonogenic, motility, and invasion assays. Moreover, either reexpression of miR-200 or silencing of PGI/AMF suppressed pulmonary metastases of MDA-MB-231 cells in vivo, and anti-miR-200 treatment in vivo resulted in increased metastases. Collectively, these results suggest a role of miR-200s in PGI/AMF-induced EMT and thus approaches for upregulation of miR-200s could be a novel therapeutic strategy for the treatment of highly invasive breast cancer."	0
"Title: HENMT1 and piRNA Stability Are Required for Adult Male Germ Cell Transposon Repression and to Define the Spermatogenic Program in the Mouse. Abstract: piRNAs are critical for transposable element (TE) repression and germ cell survival during the early phases of spermatogenesis, however, their role in adult germ cells and the relative importance of piRNA methylation is poorly defined in mammals. Using a mouse model of HEN methyltransferase 1 (HENMT1) loss-of-function, RNA-Seq and a range of RNA assays we show that HENMT1 is required for the 2' O-methylation of mammalian piRNAs. HENMT1 loss leads to piRNA instability, reduced piRNA bulk and length, and ultimately male sterility characterized by a germ cell arrest at the elongating germ cell phase of spermatogenesis. HENMT1 loss-of-function, and the concomitant loss of piRNAs, resulted in TE de-repression in adult meiotic and haploid germ cells, and the precocious, and selective, expression of many haploid-transcripts in meiotic cells. Precocious expression was associated with a more active chromatin state in meiotic cells, elevated levels of DNA damage and a catastrophic deregulation of the haploid germ cell gene expression. Collectively these results define a critical role for HENMT1 and piRNAs in the maintenance of TE repression in adult germ cells and setting the spermatogenic program."	0
"Title: Overexpression of PIWI proteins in human stage III epithelial ovarian cancer with lymph node metastasis. Abstract: PIWI proteins belong to the Argonaute family. The human PIWI subfamily genes encode four PIWI (also known as PIWI-like) proteins: PIWIL1, PIWIL2, PIWIL3, and PIWIL4. The dysregulated expression of PIWI proteins appears to be associated with tumorigenesis. Objective: To explore the expression of PIWI proteins in primary and metastatic tumors from patients with stage III epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC), evaluate the diagnostic value of PIWI in various tissues, and analyze the characteristics of each PIWI protein associated with metastasis. Methods: A total of 20 patients with stage III EOC were retrieved for the present study. Various tissues from the primary tumor, adjacent normal tissue, peritoneal metastasis, and lymph node with or without metastasis were examined. PIWI proteins were detected by immunohistochemistry using tissue microarray and analyzed. Results: PIWIL1, PIWIL2, PlWlL3, and PIWIL4 were expressed in EOC. By comparison with the adjacent normal tissues, the expression of four PIWI proteins was significantly enhanced in the primary tumor and metastatic tissues (P< 0.01). Conclusion: PIWI proteins are upregulated in EOC and associated with metastasis. These proteins may be useful as diagnostic biomarkers for EOC. The function of PIWI proteins in EOC with tumor metastasis will need to be further explored."	0
"Title: piwi encodes a nucleoplasmic factor whose activity modulates the number and division rate of germline stem cells. Abstract: piwi represents the first class of genes known to be required for stem cell self-renewal in diverse organisms. In the Drosophila ovary, piwi is required in somatic signaling cells to maintain germline stem cells. Here we show that piwi encodes a novel nucleoplasmic protein present in both somatic and germline cells, with the highly conserved C-terminal region essential for its function. Removing PIWI protein from single germline stem cells significantly decreases the rate of their division. This suggests that PIWI has a second role as a cell-autonomous promoter of germline stem cell division. Consistent with its dual function, over-expression of piwi in somatic cells causes an increase both in the number of germline stem cells and the rate of their division. Thus, PIWI is a key regulator of stem cell division - its somatic expression modulates the number of germline stem cells and the rate of their division, while its germline expression also contributes to promoting stem cell division in a cell-autonomous manner."	0
"Title: Genome-wide profiling of the PIWI-interacting RNA-mRNA regulatory networks in epithelial ovarian cancers. Abstract: PIWI-interacting (piRNAs), ~23-36 nucleotide-long small non-coding RNAs (sncRNAs), earlier believed to be germline-specific, have now been identified in somatic cells, including cancer cells. These sncRNAs impact critical biological processes by fine-tuning gene expression at post-transcriptional and epigenetic levels. The expression of piRNAs in ovarian cancer, the most lethal gynecologic cancer is largely uncharted. In this study, we investigated the expression of PIWILs by qRT-PCR and western blotting and then identified piRNA transcriptomes in tissues of normal ovary and two most prevalent epithelial ovarian cancer subtypes, serous and endometrioid by small RNA sequencing. We detected 219, 256 and 234 piRNAs in normal ovary, endometrioid and serous ovarian cancer samples respectively. We observed piRNAs are encoded from various genomic regions, among which introns harbor the majority of them. Surprisingly, piRNAs originated from different genomic contexts showed the varied level of conservations across vertebrates. The functional analysis of predicted targets of differentially expressed piRNAs revealed these could modulate key processes and pathways involved in ovarian oncogenesis. Our study provides the first comprehensive piRNA landscape in these samples and a useful resource for further functional studies to decipher new mechanistic views of piRNA-mediated gene regulatory networks affecting ovarian oncogenesis. The RNA-seq data is submitted to GEO database (GSE83794)."	0
"Title: piRNA, the new non-coding RNA, is aberrantly expressed in human cancer cells. Abstract: Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) are a novel class of non-coding single strand RNAs. They are involved in germline development, in silencing of selfish DNA elements, and in maintaining germline DNA integrity. The relationship between piRNAs and carcinogenesis has not been shown yet. Methods: The relationship between piRNAs and carcinogenesis was identified by microarray screening and real-time quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction technology. The piR-651 inhibitor was transfected into gastric cancer cells to assess its influence on cell growth. Cell cycle analysis was used to reveal the cellular mechanisms of piR-651 in the genesis of gastric cancer. Results: piR-651 expression was upregulated in gastric cancer tissues compared with paired non-cancerous tissues. The levels of piR-651 were associated with TNM stage (P=0.032). The expression of piR-651 in gastric, colon, lung, and breast cancer tissues was higher than that in paired non-cancerous tissues. The upregulated expression of piR-651 was confirmed in several cancer cell lines including gastric, lung, mesothelium, breast, liver, and cervical cancer cell lines. The growth of gastric cancer cells was inhibited by a piR-651 inhibitor and arrested at the G(2)/M phase. Conclusion: piR-651 might be involved in the development of gastric cancer and other cancers, and is a potential marker for cancer diagnosis."	0
"Title: Epigenome-wide analysis of piRNAs in gene-specific DNA methylation. Abstract: PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) have long been associated with the silencing of transposable elements (TEs). However, over 20,000 unique species of piRNAs mapped to the human genome are more than the relatively few presumably required to regulate the known human transposon classes. Here, we present the results of the first genome-wide effort to study the effects of piRNAs on gene specific DNA methylation. We found that exon-derived piRNAs consist almost universally of species with 10 or fewer genomic copies, whereas piRNAs existing in high copies originate predominately from intronic and intergenic regions. Genome-wide methylation profiling following transfection of human somatic cells with piRNA mimics revealed methylation changes at numerous genic loci in single copy piRNA-transfected cells. Moreover, genomic regions directly adjacent to differentially methylated CpG sites were enriched for sequence matches to the transfected piRNAs. These findings suggest that a subset of single copy piRNAs may be able to induce DNA methylation at non-TE genic loci, a process that may be mediated in part by direct binding to either genomic DNA or nascent mRNA near target CpG sites."	0
"Title: Piwi Modulates Chromatin Accessibility by Regulating Multiple Factors Including Histone H1 to Repress Transposons. Abstract: PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) mediate transcriptional and post-transcriptional silencing of transposable element (TE) in animal gonads. In Drosophila ovaries, Piwi-piRNA complexes (Piwi-piRISCs) repress TE transcription by modifying the chromatin state, such as by H3K9 trimethylation. Here, we demonstrate that Piwi physically interacts with linker histone H1. Depletion of Piwi decreases H1 density at a subset of TEs, leading to their derepression. Silencing at these loci separately requires H1 and H3K9me3 and heterochromatin protein 1a (HP1a). Loss of H1 increases target loci chromatin accessibility without affecting H3K9me3 density at these loci, while loss of HP1a does not impact H1 density. Thus, Piwi-piRISCs require both H1 and HP1a to repress TEs, and the silencing is correlated with the chromatin state rather than H3K9me3 marks. These findings suggest that Piwi-piRISCs regulate the interaction of chromatin components with target loci to maintain silencing of TEs through the modulation of chromatin accessibility."	0
"Title: piR-823, a novel non-coding small RNA, demonstrates in vitro and in vivo tumor suppressive activity in human gastric cancer cells. Abstract: Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs), new non-coding small RNAs, are association with chromatin organization, messenger RNA stability and genome structure. However, the roles of piRNA in carcinogenesis are not clearly defined. By using real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction technology, we found that the expression level of piR-823 in gastric cancer tissues was significant lower than that in non-cancerous tissues. After increase the level of piR-823 in gastric cancer cells, cell growth was inhibited. The results of xenograft nude mice model confirmed its tumor suppressive properties. All of the evidences indicated that piR-823 play a crucial role in the occult of gastric cancer."	0
"Title: Stem cell protein Piwil2 modulates chromatin modifications upon cisplatin treatment. Abstract: Piwil2 (mili in mouse or hili in humans), a member of the PIWI/Argonaute gene family, plays important roles in stem cell self-renewal, RNA silencing, and translational regulation in various organisms. Recent demonstration of stable Piwil2 expression in pre-cancerous stem cells and in various human and animal tumor cell lines suggests its association in tumorigenesis. Here, we show that cisplatin induces chromatin relaxation in Mili-wild type (WT) mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs), but not in Mili-knockout (KO) MEFs. Moreover, in contrast to Mili-WT MEFs, Mili-KO MEFs showed a discernable H3 hypoacetylation response upon cisplatin treatment. Levels of the histone acetyltransferase (HAT), p300, were dramatically different due to a consistent cisplatin post-treatment decrease in Mili-WT and an increase in Mili-KO MEFs. Concomitant reduction of specific HAT activity of p300 could explain the decrease of H3 acetylation in Mili-KO MEFs. Our data also shows Mili is required for maintaining the euchromatic marks in MEFs upon cisplatin treatment. In addition, Mili-KO MEFs exhibited a significant deficiency in repairing cisplatin-induced DNA damage and displayed higher sensitivity to cisplatin. Further analysis revealed that Piwil2 was also enhanced in two completely different cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cell lines. Interestingly, knockdown of Piwil2 expression in these two cell lines also resulted in their enhanced sensitivity to cisplatin and decreased their efficiency for removing cisplatin-induced DNA intrastrand crosslinks (Pt-GG). The overall data showed that Piwil2 is a key factor in regulating chromatin modifications especially in response to cisplatin. To conclude, the overexpression of Piwil2 in some cancers could lead to cellular cisplatin resistance, possibly due to enhanced chromatin condensation affecting normal DNA repair."	0
"Title: miR-137 mediates the functional link between c-Myc and EZH2 that regulates cisplatin resistance in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Platinum drugs are used in first-line to treat ovarian cancer, but most of the patients eventually generate resistance after treatment with these drugs. Although both c-Myc and EZH2 have been implicated in regulating cisplatin resistance in ovarian cancer, the interplay between these two regulators is poorly understood. Using RNA sequence analysis (RNA-seq), for the first time we find that miR-137 level is extremely low in cisplatin resistant ovarian cancer cells, correlating with higher levels of c-Myc and EZH2 expression. Further analyses indicate that in resistant cells c-Myc enhances the expression of EZH2 by directly suppressing miR-137 that targets EZH2 mRNA, and increased expression of EZH2 activates cellular survival pathways, resulting in the resistance to cisplatin. Inhibition of c-Myc-miR-137-EZH2 pathway re-sensitizes resistant cells to cisplatin. Both in vivo and in vitro analyses indicate that cisplatin treatment activates c-Myc-miR-137-EZH2 pathway. Importantly, elevated c-Myc-miR-137-EZH2 pathway in resistant cells is sustained by dual oxidase maturation factor 1 (DUOXA1)-mediated production of reactive oxygen species (ROS). Significantly, clinical studies further confirm the activated c-Myc-miR-137-EZH2 pathway in platinum drug-resistant or recurrent ovarian cancer patients. Thus, our studies elucidate a novel role of miR-137 in regulating c-Myc-EZH2 axis that is crucial to the regulation of cisplatin resistance in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Preparation of a low molecular weight polyethylenimine for efficient cell transfection. Abstract: Polyethylenimines (PEIs) of a molecular weight between 25 and about 800 kDa have successfully been used for in vitro and in vivo gene delivery approaches. Recent publications indicated that PEI molecules of lower molecular weight and a small molecular weight range are also efficient transfection reagents with a much lower cytotoxicity compared to high molecular weight PEIs. Here, we describe the application of a molecular sieve chromatography to fractionate a commercially available 25-kDa PEI. We generated three pools of PEIs with molecular weight ranges of 70-360 (I), 10-70 (II), and 0.5-10 kDa (III), respectively. We show that, in comparison with the 25-kDa PEI, pool III increased the expression of luciferase up to 100-fold and the number of transfected cells 2-3 fold. In addition, the kinetics of reporter gene expression was also much faster in pool III, compared with the 25-kDa PEI or with pools I or II. Finally, pool III showed the lowest cytotoxicity in comparison with the other PEI preparations. Thus, we provide a one-step processing of a 25-kDa PEI, resulting in a more effective and also less cytotoxic transfection reagent."	0
"Title: A tRNA-derived fragment competes with mRNA for ribosome binding and regulates translation during stress. Abstract: Posttranscriptional processing of RNA molecules is a common strategy to enlarge the structural and functional repertoire of RNomes observed in all 3 domains of life. Fragmentation of RNA molecules of basically all functional classes has been reported to yield smaller non-protein coding RNAs (ncRNAs) that typically possess different roles compared with their parental transcripts. Here we show that a valine tRNA-derived fragment (Val-tRF) that is produced under certain stress conditions in the halophilic archaeon Haloferax volcanii is capable of binding to the small ribosomal subunit. As a consequence of Val-tRF binding mRNA is displaced from the initiation complex which results in global translation attenuation in vivo and in vitro. The fact that the archaeal Val-tRF also inhibits eukaryal as well as bacterial protein biosynthesis implies a functionally conserved mode of action. While tRFs and tRNA halves have been amply identified in recent RNA-seq project, Val-tRF described herein represents one of the first functionally characterized tRNA processing products to date."	0
"Title: Targeting c-Met in Cancer by MicroRNAs: Potential Therapeutic Applications in Hepatocellular Carcinoma. Abstract: Preclinical Research Cancer is one of the world's deadliest diseases, with very low survival rates and increased occurrence in the future. Successfully developed target-based therapies have significantly changed cancer treatment. However, primary and/or acquired resistance in the tumor is a major challenge in current therapies and novel combinational therapies are required. RNA interference-mediated gene inactivation, alone or in combination with other current therapies, provides novel promising therapeutics that can improve cure rate and overcome resistance mechanisms to conventional therapeutics. Hepatocyte Growth Factor/c-Met signaling is one of the most frequently dysregulated pathways in human cancers and abnormal c-Met activation is correlated with poor clinical outcomes and drug resistance in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). In recent years, a growing number of studies have identified several inhibitors and microRNAs (miRNAs), specifically targeting c-Met in various cancers, including HCC. In this review, we discuss current knowledge regarding miRNAs, focusing on their involvement in cancer and their potential as research tools and therapeutics. Then, we focus on the potential use of c-Met targeting miRNAs for suppressing aberrant c-Met signaling in HCC treatment."	0
"Title: Protein lysate microarray analysis to identify microRNAs regulating estrogen receptor signaling in breast cancer cell lines. Abstract: Predicting the impact of microRNAs (miRNAs) on target proteins is challenging because of their different regulatory effects at the transcriptional and translational levels. In this study, we applied a novel protein lysate microarray (LMA) technology to systematically monitor for target protein levels after high-throughput transfections of 319 pre-miRs into breast cancer cells. We identified 21 miRNAs that downregulated the estrogen receptor-alpha (ERalpha), as validated by western blotting and quantitative real time-PCR, and by demonstrating the inhibition of estrogen-stimulated cell growth. Five potent ERalpha-regulating miRNAs, miR-18a, miR-18b, miR-193b, miR-206 and miR-302c, were confirmed to directly target ERalpha in 3'-untranslated region reporter assays. The gene expression signature that they repressed highly overlapped with that of a small interfering RNA against ERalpha, and across all the signatures tested, was most closely associated with the repression of known estrogen-induced genes. Furthermore, miR-18a and miR-18b showed higher levels of expression in ERalpha-negative as compared with ERalpha-positive clinical tumors. In summary, we present systematic and direct functional evidence of miRNAs inhibiting ERalpha signaling in breast cancer, and demonstrate the high-throughput LMA technology as a novel, powerful technique in determining the relative impact of various miRNAs on key target proteins and associated cellular processes and pathways."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 on the surface of early apoptotic cells suppresses CD8+ T cell immunity. Abstract: Prevention of an immune response against self-antigens derived from apoptotic cells is essential to preclude autoimmune and chronic inflammatory diseases. Here, we describe apoptosis induced externalization of endogenous cytosolic annexin 1 initiating an anti-inflammatory effector mechanism that suppresses the immune response against antigens of apoptotic cells. Cytosolic annexin 1 rapidly translocated to the apoptotic cell surface and inhibited dendritic cell (DC) activation induced by Toll like receptors (TLR). Annexin 1-inhibited DC showed strongly reduced secretion of pro-inflammatory cytokines (e.g. TNF and IL-12) and costimulatory surface molecules (e.g. CD40 and CD86), while anti-inflammatory mediators like PD-L1 remained unchanged. T cells stimulated by such DC lacked secretion of interferon-? (IFN-?) and TNF but retained IL-10 secretion. In mice, annexin 1 prevented the development of inflammatory DC and suppressed the cellular immune response against the model antigen ovalbumin (OVA) expressed in apoptotic cells. Furthermore, annexin 1 on apoptotic cells compromised OVA-specific tumor vaccination and impaired rejection of an OVA-expressing tumor. Thus, our results provide a molecular mechanism for the suppressive activity of apoptotic cells on the immune response towards apoptotic cell-derived self-antigens. This process may play an important role in prevention of autoimmune diseases and of the immune response against cancer."	0
"Title: Evaluation of miRNA-196a2 and apoptosis-related target genes: ANXA1, DFFA and PDCD4 expression in gastrointestinal cancer patients: A pilot study. Abstract: Previous reports have suggested the significant association of miRNAs aberrant expression with tumor initiation, progression and metastasis in cancer, including gastrointestinal (GI) cancers. The current preliminary study aimed to evaluate the relative expression levels of miR-196a2 and three of its selected apoptosis-related targets; ANXA1, DFFA and PDCD4 in a sample of GI cancer patients. Quantitative real-time PCR for miR-196a2 and its selected mRNA targets, as well as immunohistochemical assay for annexin A1 protein expression were detected in 58 tissues with different GI cancer samples. In addition, correlation with the clinicopathological features and in silico network analysis of the selected molecular markers were analyzed. Stratified analyses by cancer site revealed elevated levels of miR-196a2 and low expression of the selected target genes. Annexin protein expression was positively correlated with its gene expression profile. In colorectal cancer, miR-196a over-expression was negatively correlated with annexin A1 protein expression (r = -0.738, p < 0.001), and both were indicators of unfavorable prognosis in terms of poor differentiation, larger tumor size, and advanced clinical stage. Taken together, aberrant expression of miR-196a2 and the selected apoptosis-related biomarkers might be involved in GI cancer development and progression and could have potential diagnostic and prognostic roles in these types of cancer; particularly colorectal cancer, provided the results experimentally validated and confirmed in larger multi-center studies."	0
"Title: MiR-34a Inhibits Viability and Invasion of Human Papillomavirus-Positive Cervical Cancer Cells by Targeting E2F3 and Regulating Survivin. Abstract: Previous studies confirmed that high-risk human papillomavirus (HR-HPV) infection is a risk factor of cervical cancer, and the infection was associated with significantly reduced miR-34a expression during carcinogenesis. However, the downstream targets of miR-34a and their roles are still not well understood. This study explored the regulative role of miR-34a on E2F3 and survivin expression and the viability and invasion of HPV-positive cervical cancer cells. Methods: MiR-34a and survivin expression in 56 cases of HR-HPV-positive patients, 28 cases of HR-HPV-negative patients, and 28 normal cases without HR-HPV infections were measured. Human papillomavirus-18-positive HeLa cervical cancer cells and HPV-16-positive SiHa cells were used to explore the effect of miR-34a on cell viability and invasion. The molecular target of miR-34a was also explored in cervical cancer cells. Results: The results showed that miR-34a overexpression could inhibit HPV-positive cancer cell viability, whereas its downregulation promoted cell viability. E2F3 is a direct target of miR-34a in HPV-positive cervical cancer cells. By targeting E2F3, miR-34a could regulate the expression of survivin. Thus, through regulating E2F3 and survivin, miR-34a could reduce the viability and invasion of HPV-positive cervical cancer cells. Conclusions: This study confirmed a novel miR-34a-E2F3-survivin axis in the tumor suppressor role of miR-34a in cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miR-152 may function as an early diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in patients with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia and patients with cervical cancer. Abstract: Previous studies have demonstrated that circulating miRNAs are effective biomarkers of various types of cancer. It has also been indicated that miR-152 is upregulated in cervical cancer. However, whether miR-152 may be used as an early detection method for patients with cervical cancer is yet to be elucidated. The results of the current study demonstrated that miR-152 levels were the lowest in healthy controls, high in patients with cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN), and the highest in patients with cervical cancer. Furthermore, miR-152 levels in peripheral blood were higher in patients with high-grade CIN compared with those with low-grade CIN. It was also demonstrated that miR-152 levels increased as the clinical stage of cervical cancer advanced. Compared with healthy controls, squamous cell carcinoma antigen (SSC-Ag) levels were significantly higher in patients with cervical cancer. However, no significant differences were identified in patients with CIN, indicating that SCC-Ag could not be used for the early detection of CIN. In contrast, miR-152 was elevated along with SCC-Ag in patients with CIN and cervical cancer. Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) analysis demonstrated that miR-152 preferentially distinguished patients with CIN (95% confidence interval, 0.688-0.973; P<0.001) and patients with cervical cancer (95% confidence interval, 0.817-0.996; P<0.001) from healthy controls. Additionally, miR-152 levels were markedly reduced in patients with cervical cancer who received chemotherapy (28 patients) or chemotherapy and radiation therapy (22 patients). In conclusion, the level of miR-153 in peripheral blood may be utilized as an effective biomarker for the early detection of cervical cancer, thus decreasing the requirement for invasive cervical biopsies. Furthermore, it may be utilized to predict the most effective form of treatment for patients with cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Methylation-mediated silencing of the miR-124 genes facilitates pancreatic cancer progression and metastasis by targeting Rac1. Abstract: Previous studies have demonstrated that microRNA (miRNA) expression is altered in human cancer. However, the molecular mechanism underlying these changes in miRNA expression remains unclear. In this study, we investigated the epigenetic modification of miR-124 genes and the potential function of miR-124 in pancreatic cancer. Using pyrosequencing analysis, we found that miR-124 genes (including miR-124-1, miR-124-2 and miR-124-3) are highly methylated in pancreatic cancer tissues compared with in non-cancerous tissues. Hypermethylation mediated the silencing of miR-124, which was a frequent event in pancreatic duct adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Furthermore, miR-124 downregulation was significantly associated with worse survival of PDAC patients. Functional studies showed that miR-124 inhibited cell proliferation, invasion and metastasis. Furthermore, we characterized Rac1 as a direct target of miR-124, and miR-124 interacted with the 3'-untranslated region of Rac1, which we showed to be a putative tumor promoter in pancreatic cancer. Thus, the miR-124-mediated downregulation of Rac1 led to the inactivation of the MKK4-JNK-c-Jun pathway. Therefore, our study demonstrates that miR-124 is a tumor suppressor miRNA that is epigenetically silenced in pancreatic cancer. Our findings suggest a previously unidentified molecular mechanism involved in the progression and metastasis of pancreatic cancer."	0
"Title: Upregulation of kazrin F by miR-186 suppresses apoptosis but promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition to contribute to malignancy in human cervical cancer cells. Abstract: Previous studies have identified that kazrin is a constituent of desmosome and influences intercellular adhesion, growing development and morphology. We previously cloned another new isoform, kazrin F and found that it has anti-apoptotic effects on human glioma cell line. To further explore whether kazrin F is involved in tumorigenesis, we investigated its expression and role in cervical cancer (CC) cells. Methods: The role of kazrin F and miR-186 in CC was determined by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyltetrazolium bromide (MTT) assay, colony formation, transwell, and apoptosis assays. Using enhanced green fluorescent protein (EGFP) reporter assays, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) and western blot analysis, we identified kazrin F post-transcriptional regulation by miR-186. Results: We demonstrate that kazrin F is highly expressed in CC tissues compared with the adjacent noncancerous tissues and promotes cell proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion in HeLa and C33A cells by suppressing apoptosis and facilitating epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Furthermore, miR-186 was confirmed as a regulator of kazrin F dysregulation. An EGFP reporter assay proved that miR-186 directly targets the 3'-untranslated region (3'UTR) of kazrin F and downregulates its expression, and miR-186 expression showed an inverse correlation with kazrin F levels in CC tissues. In addition, overexpression of miR-186 suppressed the malignant behaviors of CC cells. The ectopic expression of kazrin F rescued the inhibitory effects of miR-186. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that the upregulation of kazrin F due to downregulated miR-186 levels contributes to malignancy, and highlight the significance of kazrin F in CC tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Protective role of estrogen-induced miRNA-29 expression in carbon tetrachloride-induced mouse liver injury. Abstract: Previous studies have indicated that female animals are more resistant to carbon tetrachloride (CCl(4))-induced liver fibrosis than male animals, and that estradiol (E(2)) treatment can inhibit CCl(4)-induced animal hepatic fibrosis. The underlying mechanism governing these phenomena, however, has not been fully elucidated. Here we reported the role of estrogen-induced miRNA-29 (miR-29) expression in CCl(4)-induced mouse liver injury. Hepatic miR-29 levels were differentially regulated in female and male mice during CCl(4) treatment. Specifically, the levels of miR-29a and miR-29b expression were significantly decreased in the livers of male, but not female, mice following 4 weeks of CCl(4) treatment. The down-regulation of miR-29a and miR-29b in male mouse livers correlated with the early development of liver fibrosis, as indicated by increased expressions of fibrotic markers in male mice relative to female mice. In addition, E(2) was maintained at a higher level in female mice than in male mice. In contrast to TGF-?1 that decreased miR-29a/b expression in murine hepatoma IAR20 cells and normal hepatocytes, E(2) enhanced the expression of miR-29a/b through suppression of the nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) signal pathway, which negatively regulates miR-29 expression. Furthermore, both E(2) treatment and intravenous injection of the recombinant adenovirus expressing miR-29a/b markedly increased the miR-29a/b level and attenuated the expression of fibrotic markers in mouse livers during CCl(4) treatment, supporting the protective role of E(2)-induced miR-29 in CCl(4)-induced hepatic injury. In conclusion, our results collectively demonstrate that estrogen can inhibit CCl(4)-induced hepatic injury through the induction of hepatic miR-29."	0
"Title: MiR-200b promotes the cell proliferation and metastasis of cervical cancer by inhibiting FOXG1. Abstract: Previous studies have revealed the important role of miR-200b in cancer biology, including its upregulation in cervical cancer. However, miR-200b function in cervical cancer progression remains unclear. Thus, this study aims to explore the functional role of miR-200b in cervical cancer development, involving its potential regulation on FoxG1, one transcriptional repressor. Methods: Thirty paired cervical cancer samples were used to analyze the expression of miR-200b and FoxG1 by real time PCR and western blot analysis. Further gain- and loss-of-function studies were performed to validate FoxG1 as one miR-200b target, in line with luciferase report assays. MiR-200b silence was also conducted to observe its regulation on cell viability, migration and invasion in vitro, while tumor growth in vivo was tracked through the delivery of miR-200b inhibitor. Results: MiR-200b upregulation was confirmed in cancer tissues or cells as compared to normal controls, while FoxG1 downregulation was observed and then FoxG1 was definitely validated as one miR-200b target. Further in vitro studies showed that enforced miR-200b downregulation induced the decrease of cell ability, with increased cell apoptosis, and attenuated ability of cell migration and invasion in both HeLa and C33A cells, while further inhibition of FoxG1 expression could reverse all these changes. In addition, miR-200b silence in vivo strongly inhibited tumor growth. Conclusion: Upregulated miR-200b in cervical cancer was proven to show positive regulation on cervical cancer development by directly targeting FoxG1. Moreover, miR-200b silence was proposed to inhibit tumor growth in vivo, implying its therapeutic value in cervical cancer treatment."	0
"Title: miR-199a-3p targets CD44 and reduces proliferation of CD44 positive hepatocellular carcinoma cell lines. Abstract: Previous work by us and others reported decreased expression of miR-199a-3p in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues compared to adjacent benign tissue. We report here a significant reduction of miR-199a-3p expression in 7 HCC cell lines. To determine if miR-199a-3p has a tumor suppressive role, pre-miR-199a-3p oligonucleotides were transfected into the HCC cell lines. Pre-miR-199a-3p oligonucleotide reduced cell proliferation by approximately 60% compared to control oligonucleotide in only two cell lines (SNU449 and SNU423); the proliferation of the other 5 treated cell lines was similar to control oligonucleotide. A pre-miR-199a-3p oligonucleotide formulated with chemical modifications to enhance stability while preserving processing, reduced cell proliferation in SNU449 and SNU423 to the same extent as the commercially available pre-miR-199a-3p oligonucleotide. Furthermore, only the duplex miR-199a-3p oligonucleotide, and not the guide strand alone, was effective at reducing cell viability. Since a CD44 variant was essential for c-Met signaling [V. Orian-Rousseau, L. Chen, J.P. Sleeman, P. Herrlich, H. Ponta, CD44 is required for two consecutive steps in HGF/c-Met signaling, Genes Dev. 16 (2002) 3074-3086] and c-Met is a known miR-199a-3p target, we hypothesized that miR-199a-3p may also target CD44. Immunoblotting confirmed that only the two HCC lines that were sensitive to the effects of pre-miR-199a-3p were CD44+. Direct targeting of CD44 by miR-199a-3p was confirmed using luciferase reporter assays and immunoblotting. Transfection of miR-199a-3p into SNU449 cells reduced in vitro invasion and sensitized the cells to doxorubicin; both effects were enhanced when hyaluronic acid (HA) was added to the cell cultures. An inverse correlation between the expression of miR-199a-3p and CD44 protein was noted in primary HCC specimens. The ability of miR-199a-3p to selectively kill CD44+ HCC may be a useful targeted therapy for CD44+ HCC."	0
"Title: microRNA-145 modulates epithelial-mesenchymal transition and suppresses proliferation, migration and invasion by targeting SIP1 in human cervical cancer cells. Abstract: Previously, it has been reported that microRNA-145 (miR-145) is lowly expressed in human cervical cancers and that its putative tumour suppressive role may be attributed to epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) regulation. Here, we aimed to assess whether miR-145 may affect EMT-associated markers/genes and suppress cervical cancer growth and motility, and to provide a mechanistic basis for these phenomena. Methods: The identification of the SMAD-interacting protein 1 (SIP1) mRNA as putative miR-145 target was investigated using a 3' untranslated region (3'UTR) luciferase assay and Western blotting, respectively. The functional effects of exogenous miR-145 expression, miR-145 suppression or siRNA-mediated SIP1 expression down-regulation in cervical cancer-derived C33A and SiHa cells were analysed using Western blotting, BrdU incorporation (proliferation), transwell migration and invasion assays. In addition, the expression levels of miR-145 and SIP1 were determined in primary human cervical cancer and non-cancer tissue samples using qRT-PCR. Results: We found that miR-145 binds to the wild-type 3'UTR of SIP1, but not to its mutant counterpart, and that, through this binding, miR-145 can effectively down-regulate SIP1 expression. In addition, we found that exogenous miR-145 expression or siRNA-mediated down-regulation of SIP1 expression attenuates the proliferation, migration and invasion of C33A and SiHa cells and alters the expression of the EMT-associated markers CDH1, VIM and SNAI1, whereas inhibition of endogenous miR-145 expression elicited the opposite effects. The expression of miR-145 in cervical cancer tissue samples was found to be low, while that of SIP1 was found to be high compared to non-cancerous cervical tissues. An inverse expression correlation between the two was substantiated through the anlaysis of data deposited in the TCGA database. Conclusion: Our data indicate that low miR-145 expression levels in conjunction with elevated SIP1 expression levels may contribute to cervical cancer development. MiR-145-mediated regulation of SIP1 provides a novel mechanistic basis for its tumour suppressive mode of action in human cervical cancer cells."	0
"Title: Decreased expression of Annexin A1 correlates with pathologic differentiation grade in oral squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Previously, we established an in vitro cellular carcinogenesis model of oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC), including the human immortalized oral epithelia cells (HIOECs) and its derived cancerous HB96 cells. In this study, comparative proteomic analysis identified that Annexin A1 was one of the significantly down-regulated genes in the cancerous HB96 cells. To investigate Annexin A1 down-regulation and its potential usefulness as a molecular marker in OSCC, we further screened Annexin A1 expressions with a panel of OSCC lines, and clinical samples of cancerous and the paired adjacent normal tissues from primary OSCC patients. By Western blot analysis and real-time PCR, we showed that both Annexin A1 mRNA and protein expressions decreased in OSCC cell lines except in two cell lines for the mRNA levels. Immunohistochemistry and real-time PCR also showed that both Annexin A1 mRNA and protein expressions decreased in the cancerous tissues from OSCC patients compared with those in the paired adjacent non-malignant epithelia. More importantly, both Annexin A1 mRNA and protein expressions negatively correlated with the pathologic differentiation grades of cancerous tissues. The lower Annexin A1 mRNA or protein expressions correlated with the poorer pathologic differentiation grades. These results suggest that decreased expression of Annexin A1 contributes to the cancerous progression of OSCC, and Annexin A1 may be a potential biomarker for pathologic differentiation grade of OSCC."	0
"Title: MiR-145 modulates multiple components of the insulin-like growth factor pathway in hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Profiling of microRNA expression in human cancers has highlighted downregulation of miR-145 as a common event in epithelial malignancies. Here, we describe recurrent underexpression of miR-145 in hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and the identification of a biological pathway by which miR-145 exerts its functional effects in liver tumorigenesis. In a cohort of 80 HCC patients, quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction corroborated reduced miR-145 expression in 50% of tumors, which also correlated with a shorter disease-free survival of patients. One HCC tumor analyzed with low endogenous miR-145 was propagated as cell line. This in vitro model HKCI-C2 maintained low miR-145 level and upon restoration of miR-145 expression, a consistent inhibitory effect on cell viability and proliferation was readily found. Flow cytometric analysis indicated that miR-145 re-expression could induce G(2)-M cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Multiple in silico algorithms predicted that miR-145 could target a number of genes along the insulin-like growth factor (IGF) signaling, including insulin receptor substrate (IRS1)-1, IRS2 and insulin-like growth factor 1 receptor. We found protein expression of these putative targets was concordantly downregulated in the presence of miR-145. Luciferase reporter assay further verified direct target association of miR-145 to specific sites of the IRS1 and IRS2 3'-untranslated regions. Subsequent analysis also affirmed miR-145 modulation on the IGF signaling cascade by reducing its downstream mediator, namely the active ?-catenin level. Taken together, our study shows for the first time the pleiotropic effect of miR-145 in targeting multiple components of the oncogenic IGF signaling pathway in HCC."	0
"Title: Identification of a circulating microRNA signature for colorectal cancer detection. Abstract: Prognosis of patients with colorectal cancer (CRC) is generally poor because of the lack of simple, convenient, and noninvasive tools for CRC detection at the early stage. The discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) and their different expression profiles among different kinds of diseases has opened a new avenue for tumor diagnosis. We built a serum microRNA expression profile signature and tested its specificity and sensitivity as a biomarker in the diagnosis of CRC. We also studied its possible role in monitoring the progression of CRC. We conducted a two phase case-control test to identify serum miRNAs as biomarkers for CRC diagnosis. Using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reactions, we tested ten candidate miRNAs in a training set (30 CRCs vs 30 controls). Risk score analysis was used to evaluate the diagnostic value of the serum miRNA profiling system. Other independent samples, including 83 CRCs and 59 controls, were used to validate the diagnostic model. In the training set, six serum miRNAs (miR-21, let-7g, miR-31, miR-92a, miR-181b, and miR-203) had significantly different expression levels between the CRCs and healthy controls. Risk score analysis demonstrated that the six-miRNA-based biomarker signature had high sensitivity and specificity for distinguishing the CRC samples from cancer-free controls. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of the six-miRNA signature profiles were 0.900 and 0.923 for the two sets of serum samples, respectively. However, for the same serum samples, the areas under the ROC curve used by the tumor markers carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) and carbohydrate antigen 19-9 (CA19-9) were only 0.649 and 0.598, respectively. The expression levels of the six serum miRNAs were also correlated with CRC progression. Thus, the identified six-miRNA signature can be used as a noninvasive biomarker for the diagnosis of CRC, with relatively high sensitivity and specificity."	0
"Title: A five-microRNA signature identified from genome-wide serum microRNA expression profiling serves as a fingerprint for gastric cancer diagnosis. Abstract: Prognosis of patients with gastric cancer (GC) is generally poor due to the lack of non-invasive tools for GC detection. The purpose of present study was to identify a serum microRNA (miRNA) expression profile that can serve as a novel diagnostic biomarker for GC detection and to assess its clinical applications in monitoring disease progression. Methods: Serum samples were taken from 164 GC patients and 127 age- and gender-matched tumour-free controls. An initial screening of miRNA expression by Solexa sequencing was performed using serum samples pooled from 20 patients and 20 controls, respectively. Differential expression was validated using hydrolysis probe-based stem-loop quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) in individuals samples, the samples were arranged in two phases. Results: The Solexa sequencing results demonstrated that 19 serum miRNAs were markedly upregulated in the GC patients compared to the controls. The qRT-PCR analysis further identified a profile of five serum miRNAs (miR-1, miR-20a, miR-27a, miR-34 and miR-423-5p) as a biomarker for GC detection. The analysis results showed that the expression level of five serum miRNAs was correlated to tumour stage. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of this five-serum miRNA signature were 0.879 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.822-0.936) and 0.831 (95% CI 0.767-0.898) for the two sets of serum samples, respectively, markedly higher than those of the biomarkers carcinoembryonic antigen (CEA) (0.503) and carbohydrate antigen 19-9 (CA19-9) (0.600). Conclusions: We identified five-miRNA signature for GC diagnosis by genome-wide serum miRNA expression profiling. Expression levels of this serum miRNA-based biomarker also indicate tumour progression stages."	0
"Title: miR-21 may acts as an oncomir by targeting RECK, a matrix metalloproteinase regulator, in prostate cancer. Abstract: Prognosis of prostate cancer (PCa) is based mainly in histological aspects together with PSA serum levels that not always reflect the real aggressive potential of the neoplasia. The micro RNA (miRNA) mir-21 has been shown to regulate invasiveness in cancer through translational repression of the Metaloproteinase (MMP) inhibitor RECK. Our aim is to investigate the levels of expression of RECK and miR-21 in PCa comparing with classical prognostic factors and disease outcome and also test if RECK is a target of miR-21 in in vitro study using PCa cell line. Materials and methods: To determine if RECK is a target of miR-21 in prostate cancer we performed an in vitro assay with PCa cell line DU-145 transfected with pre-miR-21 and anti-miR-21. To determine miR-21 and RECK expression levels in PCa samples we performed quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Results: The in vitro assays showed a decrease in expression levels of RECK after transfection with pre-miR-21, and an increase of MMP9 that is regulated by RECK compared to PCa cells treated with anti-miR-21. We defined three profiles to compare the prognostic factors. The first was characterized by miR-21 and RECK underexpression (N = 25) the second was characterized by miR-21 overexpression and RECK underexpression (N = 12), and the third was characterized by miR-21 underexpression and RECK overexpression (N = 16). From men who presented the second profile (miR-21 overexpression and RECK underexpression) 91.7% were staged pT3. For the other two groups 48.0%, and 46.7% of patients were staged pT3 (p = 0.025). Conclusions: Our results demonstrate RECK as a target of miR-21. We believe that miR-21 may be important in PCa progression through its regulation of RECK, a known regulator of tumor cell invasion."	0
"Title: Immunohistochemistry-based prognostic biomarkers in NSCLC: novel findings on the road to clinical use?. Abstract: Prognostication of non-small cell lung cancer is principally based on stage, age and performance status. This review provides an overview of 342 potential prognostic biomarkers in non-small cell lung cancer described between January 2008 and June 2013, evaluating the association between immunohistochemical protein expression and survival endpoint. Numerous studies proposed prognostic biomarkers, but many were only evaluated in a single patient cohort, and a large number of biomarkers revealed inconclusive findings when analyzed in more than one study. Only 26 proteins first described after 2008 (ALDH1A1, ANXA1, BCAR1, CLDN1, EIF4E, EZH2, FOLR1, FOXM1, IL7R, IL12RB2, KIAA1524, CRMP1, LOX, MCM7, MTA1, MTDH, NCOA3, NDRG2, NEDD9, NES, PBK, PPM1D, SIRT1, SLC7A5, SQSTM1 and WNT1) demonstrated a consistent prognostic association in two or more independent patient cohorts, thus qualifying as promising candidates for diagnostic use. Raised quality standards for study design and antibody validation, and integration of preclinical findings with clinical needs are clearly warranted."	0
"Title: Down-regulation of programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4) is associated with aromatase inhibitor resistance and a poor prognosis in estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer. Abstract: Progression or recurrence due to resistance to aromatase inhibitors (AIs) is a significant clinical problem for a considerable number of patients with breast cancer. Programmed cell death 4 (PDCD4), a tumor suppressor protein, is targeted for degradation during tumor progression. In the current study, we aimed to examine PDCD4 expression and regulation in AI-resistant breast cancer cells, and its association with survival in patients with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancer. We determined PDCD4 expression levels in AI-resistant breast cancer cell lines and ER-positive breast cancer tumors, investigated the regulation of PDCD4 in AI-resistant breast cancer cell lines, and carried out a Kaplan-Meier survival analysis in two independent cohorts that included a total of 420 patients with ER-positive breast cancer. We found that PDCD4 expression was down-regulated in AI-resistant breast cancer cells, and this down-regulation was inversely correlated with activation of HER2 signaling. Moreover, lower expression of PDCD4 was significantly associated with HER2 positive status in ER-positive breast tumors. Down-regulation of PDCD4 was mediated through up-regulation of HER2 via the mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK), protein kinase B (PKB/AKT), and miR-21 in AI-resistant breast cancer cells. MiR-21 inhibitor and the ER down-regulator fulvestrant induced PDCD4 expression and decreased cell proliferation in AI-resistant breast cancer cells. Furthermore, forced overexpression of PDCD4 resensitized AI-resistant cells to AI or hormone deprivation. Finally, we identified that down-regulation of PDCD4 was associated with a lower rate of disease-free survival in patients with ER-positive breast cancer and high histologic grade of breast tumors. In summary, our study shows that expression of PDCD4 is down-regulated by HER2 signaling in AI-resistant breast cancer. Down-regulation of PDCD4 is associated with AI resistance and a poor prognosis in patients with ER-positive breast cancer."	0
"Title: Prospero homeobox 1 promotes epithelial-mesenchymal transition in colon cancer cells by inhibiting E-cadherin via miR-9. Abstract: Prospero homeobox 1 (PROX1) has been shown to function as a tumor suppressor in various types of cancer. However, it promotes colon cancer progression. The aim of this study is to clarify the underlying mechanism by which PROX1 regulates tumorigenicity of colon cancer. Experimental design: Association of PROX1 and clinicopathological features was studied by immunohistochemical staining. Pri-miR-9-2 and miR-9 were detected by quantitative real-time PCR. Assays of cell invasion, adhesion, and matrix metalloproteinase activity were used to study PROX1-mediated epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT). Results: PROX1 was overexpressed in 43% (59/136) of colon cancer tissues and its expression was correlated with E-cadherin downregulation (P = 0.00005), advanced tumor staging (P = 0.005), and lymph node metastasis (P = 0.000009). Enforced expression of PROX1 in DLD-1 cells caused downregulation of E-cadherin and integrins and attenuated cell adhesion. These cells showed increase of matrix metalloproteinase activity and invasive ability. Conversely, knockdown of PROX1 in SW620 cells restored E-cadherin protein expression and reduced invasiveness. Unexpectedly, repression of E-cadherin by PROX1 was not mediated by transcriptional inhibition. We found that PROX1 bound to miR-9-2 promoter and triggered its expression to suppress E-cadherin 3'UTR reporter activity and protein expression. Anti-miR-9 restored E-cadherin in SW620 cells, whereas precursor miR-9 inhibited E-cadherin in PROX1-knockdown cells. The miR-9 level was higher in tumor tissues with high PROX1/low E-cadherin than that of tumor tissues with low PROX1/high E-cadherin. Conclusions: Our results provide mechanistic insights by which PROX1 promotes EMT and colon cancer progression. Targeting of PROX1-mediated oncogenic activity may be helpful for the treatment of colon cancer."	0
"Title: The loss of the tumour-suppressor miR-145 results in the shorter disease-free survival of prostate cancer patients. Abstract: Prostate cancer (PCa) is characterised by great heterogeneity of the disease progression rate. Tumours range from insignificant and not life threatening to high risk for relapse ones. Consequently, a large number of patients undergo unnecessary treatment. miR-145 is a well-documented tumour suppressor and its expression, which is regulated by the p53 pathway, has been found to be decreased in the majority of human malignancies. The aim of our study was to evaluate the clinical utility of miR-145 for the prognostication of PCa. Methods: Total RNA was isolated from 137 prostate tissue specimens obtained from 73 radical prostatectomy-treated PCa patients and 64 transurethral- or open prostatectomy-treated benign prostate hyperplasia (BPH) patients. Following polyadenylation and reverse transcription, miR-145 levels were determined by quantitative real-time PCR assay, using SNORD48 (RNU48) for normalisation purposes. Results: Downregulated miR-145 expression was found in PCa compared with BPH patients. The reduction of miR-145 expression in PCa was correlated with higher Gleason score, advanced clinical stage, larger tumour diameter and higher prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and follow-up PSA levels. In addition, higher risk for biochemical recurrence and significantly shorter disease-free survival (DFS) was found for the PCa patients expressing lower miR-145. Focusing on 'low- and intermediate-recurrence risk' PCa patients, miR-145 loss was revealed to be a reliable predictor of biochemical relapse and poor DFS independent from Gleason score, clinical stage, PSA and patients' age. Conclusion: The loss of the tumour-suppressor miR-145 increases the risk for disease progression and predicts the poor survival of PCa patients."	0
"Title: A comprehensive repertoire of tRNA-derived fragments in prostate cancer. Abstract: Prostate cancer (PCa) is the most common cancer among men in developed countries. Although its genetic background is thoroughly investigated, rather little is known about the role of small non-coding RNAs (sncRNA) in this disease. tRNA-derived fragments (tRFs) represent a new class of sncRNAs, which are present in a broad range of species and have been reported to play a role in several cellular processes. Here, we analyzed the expression of tRFs in fresh frozen patient samples derived from normal adjacent prostate and different stages of PCa by RNA-sequencing. We identified 598 unique tRFs, many of which are deregulated in cancer samples when compared to normal adjacent tissue. Most of the identified tRFs are derived from the 5'- and 3'-ends of mature cytosolic tRNAs, but we also found tRFs produced from other parts of tRNAs, including pre-tRNA trailers and leaders, as well as tRFs from mitochondrial tRNAs. The 5'-derived tRFs comprise the most abundant class of tRFs in general and represent the major class among upregulated tRFs. The 3'-derived tRFs types are dominant among downregulated tRFs in PCa. We validated the expression of three tRFs using qPCR. The ratio of tRFs derived from tRNALysCTT and tRNAPheGAA emerged as a good indicator of progression-free survival and a candidate prognostic marker. This study provides a systematic catalogue of tRFs and their dysregulation in PCa and can serve as the basis for further research on the biomarker potential and functional roles of tRFs in this disease."	0
"Title: The proto-oncogene ERG is a target of microRNA miR-145 in prostate cancer. Abstract: Prostate cancer is a leading cause of cancer mortality in men. One of the distinct characteristics of prostate cancer is over-expression of the ERG proto-oncogene. The TMPRSS2-ERG gene fusion, the most common gene fusion, is found in approximately 50% of prostate cancer cases. We show that certain microRNAs are extensively deregulated in prostate cancer cell lines and primary clinical cancer samples. MicroRNAs are capable of modulating post-transcriptional gene expression via inhibition of protein synthesis. Independent target prediction methods have indicated that the 3' untranslated region of the ERG mRNA is a potential target of miR-145. miR-145 is consistently down-regulated in prostate cancer. Here we show that the ERG 3' untranslated region is a regulative target of miR-145 in vitro. Ectopic expression of miR-145 led to a reduction in expression of the ERG protein. We analyzed 26 prostate cancer samples and corresponding normal tissue. ERG protein expression was found to be elevated in the tumor samples, together with increased expression of several ERG isoforms. We identified ERG proteins of 35 and 24 kDa, which may represent unknown ERG splice variants. Analyses of miR-145 and ERG mRNA expression revealed a general down-regulation of miR-145 irrespective of the presence or absence of translocations involving ERG. This observation indicates that down-regulation of miR-145 may contribute to the increased expression of most ERG splice variants sharing the miR-145 target sequence in their 3' untranslated region."	0
"Title: The microRNA profile of prostate carcinoma obtained by deep sequencing. Abstract: Prostate cancer is a leading cause of tumor mortality. To characterize the underlying molecular mechanisms, we have compared the microRNA (miRNA) profile of primary prostate cancers and noncancer prostate tissues using deep sequencing. MiRNAs are small noncoding RNAs of 21 to 25 nucleotides that regulate gene expression through the inhibition of protein synthesis. We find that 33 miRNAs were upregulated or downregulated >1.5-fold. The deregulation of selected miRNAs was confirmed by both Northern blotting and quantitative reverse transcription-PCR in established prostate cancer cell lines and clinical tissue samples. A computational search indicated the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of the mRNA for myosin VI (MYO6) as a potential target for both miR-143 and miR-145, the expression of which was reduced in the tumor tissues. Upregulation of myosin VI in prostate cancer was previously shown by immunohistochemistry. The level of MYO6 mRNA was significantly induced in all primary tumor tissues compared with the nontumor tissue from the same patient. This finding was matched to the upregulation of myosin VI in established prostate cancer cell lines. In luciferase reporter analysis, we find a significant negative regulatory effect on the MYO6 3'UTR by both miR-143 and miR-145. Mutation of the potential binding sites for miR-143 and miR-145 in the MYO6 3'UTR resulted in a loss of responsiveness to the corresponding miRNA. Our data indicate that miR-143 and miR-145 are involved in the regulation of MYO6 expression and possibly in the development of prostate cancer."	0
"Title: Circulating miRNAs as non-invasive biomarkers to predict aggressive prostate cancer after radical prostatectomy. Abstract: Prostate cancer is an extremely heterogeneous disease. Despite being clinically similar, some tumours are more likely to recur after surgery compared to others. Distinguishing those that need adjuvant or salvage radiotherapy will improve patient outcomes. The goal of this study was to identify circulating microRNA that could independently predict prostate cancer patient risk stratification after radical prostatectomy. Methods: Seventy-eight prostate cancer patients were recruited at the Odette Cancer Centre in Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre. All patients had previously undergone radical prostatectomy. Blood samples were collected simultaneously for PSA testing and miRNA analysis using NanoString nCounter technology. Of the 78 samples, 75 had acceptable miRNA quantity and quality. Patients were stratified into high- and low-risk categories based on Gleason score, pathological T stage, surgical margin status, and diagnostic PSA: patients with Gleason ? 8; pT3a and positive margin; pT3b and any margin; or diagnostic PSA > 20 µg/mL were classified as high-risk (n = 44) and all other patients were classified as low-risk (n = 31). Results: Using our patient dataset, we identified a four-miRNA signature (miR-17, miR-20a, miR-20b, miR-106a) that can distinguish high- and low-risk patients, in addition to their pathological tumour stage. High expression of these miRNAs is associated with shorter time to biochemical recurrence in the TCGA dataset. These miRNAs confer an aggressive phenotype upon overexpression in vitro. Conclusions: This proof-of-principle report highlights the potential of circulating miRNAs to independently predict risk stratification of prostate cancer patients after radical prostatectomy."	0
"Title: BTG2 loss and miR-21 upregulation contribute to prostate cell transformation by inducing luminal markers expression and epithelial-mesenchymal transition. Abstract: Prostate cancer is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death in men. Despite significant advances in prostate cancer diagnosis and management, the molecular events involved in the transformation of normal prostate cells into cancer cells have not been fully understood. It is generally accepted that prostate cancer derives from the basal compartment while expressing luminal markers. We investigated whether downregulation of the basal protein B-cell translocation gene 2 (BTG2) is implicated in prostate cancer transformation and progression. Here we show that BTG2 loss can shift normal prostate basal cells towards luminal markers expression, a phenotype also accompanied by the appearance of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) traits. We also show that the overexpression of microRNA (miR)-21 suppresses BTG2 levels and promotes the acquisition of luminal markers and EMT in prostate cells. Furthermore, by using an innovative lentiviral vector able to compete with endogenous mRNA through the overexpression of the 3'-untranslated region of BTG2, we demonstrate that in prostate tumor cells, the levels of luminal and EMT markers can be reduced by derepression of BTG2 from microRNA-mediated control. Finally, we show that the loss of BTG2 expression confers to non-tumorigenic prostate cells ability to grow in an orthotopic murine model, thus demonstrating the central role of BTG2 downregulaton in prostate cancer biology."	0
"Title: Lectin-induced agglutination method of urinary exosomes isolation followed by mi-RNA analysis: Application for prostate cancer diagnostic. Abstract: Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men. Prostate-specific antigen has, however, insufficient diagnostic specificity. Novel complementary diagnostic approaches are greatly needed. MiRNAs are small regulatory RNAs which play an important role in tumorogenesis and are being investigated as a cancer biomarker. In addition to their intracellular regulatory functions, miRNAs are secreted into the extracellular space and can be found in various body fluids, including urine. The stability of extracellular miRNAs is defined by association with proteins, lipoprotein particles, and membrane vesicles. Among the known forms of miRNA packaging, tumour-derived exosome-enclosed miRNAs is thought to reflect the vital activity of cancer cells. The assessment of the exosomal fraction of urinary miRNA may present a new and highly specific method for prostate cancer diagnostics; however, this is challenged by the absence of reliable and inexpensive methods for isolation of exosomes. Methods: Prostate cancer (PC) cell lines and urine samples collected from 35 PC patients and 35 healthy donors were used in the study. Lectins, phytohemagglutinin, and concanavalin A were used to induce agglutination of exosomes. The efficiency of isolation process was evaluated by AFM and DLS assays. The protein content of isolated exosomes was analysed by western blotting. Exosomal RNA was assayed by automated electrophoresis and expression level of selected miRNAs was evaluated by RT-qPCR. The diagnostic potency of the urinary exosomal miRNA assessment was estimated by the ROC method. Results: The formation of multi-vesicular agglutinates in urine can be induced by incubation with lectin at a final concentration of 2 mg/ml. These agglutinates contain urinary exosomes and may be pelleted by centrifugation with a relatively low G-force. The analysis of PC-related miRNA in urinary exosomes revealed significant up-regulation of miR-574-3p, miR-141-5p, and miR-21-5p associated with PC. Conclusions: Lectin-induced aggregation is a low-cost and easily performed method for isolation of exosomes from urine. Isolated exosomes can be further analysed in terms of miRNA content. The miRNA profile of urinary exosomes reflects development of prostate cancer and may present a promising diagnostic tool."	0
"Title: miRNA-29b suppresses prostate cancer metastasis by regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition signaling. Abstract: Prostate cancer remains the second leading cause of cancer deaths among American men. Early diagnosis increases survival rate in patients; however, treatments for advanced disease are limited to hormone ablation techniques and palliative care. Thus, new methods of treatment are necessary for inhibiting prostate cancer disease progression. Here, we have shown that miRNA-29b (miR-29b) expression was lower in prostate cancer cells (PC3 and LNCaP) as compared with immortalized prostate epithelial cells. Between these two prostate cancer cell lines, metastatic prostate cancer PC3 cells displayed lower expression of miR-29b. We also observed a significant downregulation of miR-29b expression in human prostate cancer tissues as compared with patient-matched nontumor tissues. PC3 cells ectopically expressing miR-29b inhibited wound healing, invasiveness, and failed to colonize in the lungs and liver of severe combined immunodeficient mice after intravenous injection, while PC3 cells expressing a control miRNA displayed metastasis. Epithelial cell marker E-cadherin expression was enhanced miR-29b transfected in prostate cancer cells as compared with cells expressing control miRNA. On the other hand, N-cadherin, Twist, and Snail expression was downregulated in PC3 cells expressing miR-29b. Together these results suggested that miR-29b acts as an antimetastatic miRNA for prostate cancer cells at multiple steps in a metastatic cascade. Therefore, miR-29b could be a potentially new attractive target for therapeutic intervention in prostate cancer."	0
"Title: Quality of life in long-term survivors of metastatic breast cancer. Abstract: Psychosocial distress is common after a diagnosis of breast cancer. Little is known about the psychosocial adjustment of women living long term with metastatic breast cancer. Methods: We conducted a cross-sectional survey of women living with metastatic breast cancer for 5 years or longer. The survey included demographic and medical history, the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), the Revised Impact of Events Scale (IES-R), the Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Breast (FACT-Breast), and the Duke-University of North Carolina (UNC) Functional Social Support (DUFSS) Questionnaire. Demographic and disease characteristics were assessed by using the Wilcoxon rank sum test and the Fisher exact test. The relationships between IES-R, DUFSS, and the HADS were assessed by using the Spearman correlation coefficients. Statistical tests were 2-sided, with significance defined as P ? .05. Results: Eighteen (64%) of 28 eligible women completed the survey. Women who completed the survey were more likely to have had node-positive disease (2P = .0007), to had taken adjuvant therapy (2P = .01), and to have had hormone-receptor positive disease than women who did not (2P = .04). Among those who completed the survey, data from the FACT-Breast and the DUFSS indicated that women are physically functioning well but still face significant emotional challenges. Results from the HADS indicated that 2 (11.1%) of 18 women were depressed and that 2 (11.1%) of 18 women were anxious. Six (33%) of 18 women had scores on the IES-R Scale that indicated a powerful impact of traumatic stress on the ability to function. In the total sample of 18, the IES-R was significantly correlated with the HADS-Anxiety score (Spearman correlation, 0.81; 2P = .0002) but not with the HADS-Depression score (Spearman correlation, 0.40; 2P = .12). Conclusions: Although overall quality of life is good in this population of women living long term with metastatic breast cancer, there is a subset of women who are dealing with significant anxiety and depression, and a larger group who are experiencing burdensome sadness, hopelessness, and apprehension about their disease. Ongoing work to address the needs of this population is warranted."	0
"Title: Is there potential to target FOXM1 for 'undruggable' lung cancers?. Abstract: Published studies with transgenic mice convincingly showed that Forkhead Box transcription factor M1 (FOXM1) transcription factor is an important component of the KRAS/ERK signaling pathway in respiratory epithelial cells. FOXM1 is required for oncogenic KRAS signaling in mouse lung cancer models and therefore, clear potential exists to target FOXM1 in human NSCLC driven by activated KRAS mutations. To date, several approaches to inhibit FOXM1 in cancer cells have been explored. These include siRNA/shRNA-mediated inhibition of Foxm1 mRNA, sequestration of FOXM1 protein in nucleoli using ARF peptide, inhibition of FOXM1 binding to its target promoter DNAs by the FDI-6 small-molecule compound and inhibition of proteasomes by thiazole antibiotics. Additional studies are needed to determine if inhibition of FOXM1 is beneficial for treatment of KRAS mutant NSCLCs in human patients and to develop effective delivery systems for FOXM1 inhibitors. If successful, additional strategies can be explored to screen for novel FOXM1 inhibitors, such as targeting FOXM1 nuclear localization, nuclear export or protein-protein interactions with activating kinases and co-activator proteins. Altogether, inhibition of FOXM1, either alone or in combination with other anticancer drugs, could be beneficial for treatment of KRAS mutant NSCLCs that are resistant to conventional chemotherapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 regulates human osteosarcoma metastasis by regulating matrix metalloprotease-13 expression. Abstract: Pulmonary metastases are the main cause of death in patients with osteosarcoma, however, the molecular mechanisms of metastasis are not well understood. To detect lung metastasis-related microRNA (miRNA) in human osteosarcoma, we compared parental (HOS) and its subclone (143B) human osteosarcoma cell lines showing lung metastasis in a mouse model. miR-143 was the most downregulated miRNA (P < 0.01), and transfection of miR-143 into 143B significantly decreased its invasiveness, but not cell proliferation. Noninvasive optical imaging technologies revealed that intravenous injection of miR-143, but not negative control miRNA, significantly suppressed lung metastasis of 143B (P < 0.01). To search for miR-143 target mRNA in 143B, microarray analyses were performed using an independent RNA pool extracted by two different comprehensive miR-143-target mRNA collecting systems. Western blot analyses revealed that MMP-13 was mostly protein downregulated by miR-143. Immunohistochemistry using clinical samples clearly revealed MMP-13-positive cells in lung metastasis-positive cases, but not in at least three cases showing higher miR-143 expression in the no metastasis group. Taken together, these data indicated that the downregulation of miR-143 correlates with the lung metastasis of human osteosarcoma cells by promoting cellular invasion, probably via MMP-13 upregulation, suggesting that miRNA could be used to develop new molecular targets for osteosarcoma metastasis."	0
"Title: Phase I study of MRX34, a liposomal miR-34a mimic, administered twice weekly in patients with advanced solid tumors. Abstract: Purpose Naturally occurring tumor suppressor microRNA-34a (miR-34a) downregulates the expression of >30 oncogenes across multiple oncogenic pathways, as well as genes involved in tumor immune evasion, but is lost or under-expressed in many malignancies. This first-in-human, phase I study assessed the maximum tolerated dose (MTD), safety, pharmacokinetics, and clinical activity of MRX34, a liposomal miR-34a mimic, in patients with advanced solid tumors. Patients and Methods Adult patients with solid tumors refractory to standard treatment were enrolled in a standard 3 + 3 dose escalation trial. MRX34 was given intravenously twice weekly (BIW) for three weeks in 4-week cycles. Results Forty-seven patients with various solid tumors, including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC; n = 14), were enrolled. Median age was 60 years, median prior therapies was 4 (range, 1-12), and most were Caucasian (68%) and male (57%). Most common adverse events (AEs) included fever (all grade %/G3%: 64/2), fatigue (57/13), back pain (57/11), nausea (49/2), diarrhea (40/11), anorexia (36/4), and vomiting (34/4). Laboratory abnormalities included lymphopenia (G3%/G4%: 23/9), neutropenia (13/11), thrombocytopenia (17/0), increased AST (19/4), hyperglycemia (13/2), and hyponatremia (19/2). Dexamethasone premedication was required to manage infusion-related AEs. The MTD for non-HCC patients was 110 mg/m2, with two patients experiencing dose-limiting toxicities of G3 hypoxia and enteritis at 124 mg/m2. The half-life was >24 h, and Cmaxand AUC increased with increasing dose. One patient with HCC achieved a prolonged confirmed PR lasting 48 weeks, and four patients experienced SD lasting ?4 cycles. Conclusion MRX34 treatment with dexamethasone premedication was associated with acceptable safety and showed evidence of antitumor activity in a subset of patients with refractory advanced solid tumors. The MTD for the BIW schedule was 110 mg/m2for non-HCC and 93 mg/m2 for HCC patients. Additional dose schedules of MRX34 have been explored to improve tolerability."	0
"Title: Cervical cancer: screening, diagnosis and staging. Abstract: Purpose: Despite the widespread screening programs, cervical cancer remains the third most common cancer in developing countries. Based on the implementation of cervical screening programs with the referred adoption of improved screening methods in cervical cytology with the knowledge of the important role of the human papilloma virus (HPV) it's incidence is decreased in the developed world. Even if cervical HPV infection is incredibly common, cervical cancer is relatively rare. Depending on the rarity of invasive disease and the improvement of detection of pre-cancerous lesions due to the participation in screening programs, the goal of screening is to detect the cervical lesions early in order to be treated before cancer is developed. In populations with many preventive screening programs, a decrease in cervical cancer mortality of 50-75% is mentioned over the past 50 years. The preventive examination of vagina and cervix smear, Pap test, and the HPV DNA test are remarkable diagnostic tools according to the American Cancer Association guidelines, in the investigation of asymptomatic women and in the follow up of women after the treatment of pre-invasive cervical cancer. The treatment of cervical cancer is based on the FIGO 2009 cervical cancer staging."	0
"Title: Working hard at the nexus between cell signaling and the ribosomal machinery: An insight into the roles of RACK1 in translational regulation. Abstract: RACK1 is a ribosome-associated protein which functions as a receptor for activated PKCs. It also acts as a scaffold for many other proteins involved in diverse signaling pathways, e.g. Src, JNK, PDE4D and FAK signaling. With such a broad interactome, RACK1 has been suggested to function as a linker between cell signaling and the translation machinery. Accordingly, RACK1 modulates translation at different levels in several model organisms. For instance, it regulates ribosome stalling and mRNA quality control in yeasts and promotes translation efficiency downstream of specific cellular stimuli in mammals. However, the molecular mechanism by which RACK1 exerts these roles is widely uncharacterized. Moreover, the full list of ribosome-recruited RACK1 interactors still needs characterization. Here we discuss in vivo and in vitro findings to better delineate the roles of RACK1 in regulating ribosome function and translation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-196a promotes an oncogenic effect in head and neck cancer cells by suppressing annexin A1 and enhancing radioresistance. Abstract: Radiotherapy is a major treatment modality for head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC). Up to 50% of patients with locally advanced disease relapse after radical treatment and there is therefore a need to develop predictive bomarkers for clinical use that allow the selection of patients who are likely to respond. MicroRNA (miRNA) expression profiling of a panel of HNSCC tumours with and without recurrent disease after surgery and radiotherapy detected miR-196a as one of the highest upregulated miRNAs in the poor prognostic group. To further study the role of miR-196a, its expression was determined in eight head and neck cancer cell lines. Overexpression of miR-196a in HNSCC cells, with low endogenous miR-196a expression, significantly increased cell proliferation, migration and invasion, and induced epithelial to mesenchymal transition. Conversely, miR-196a knockdown in cells with high endogenous expression levels significantly reduced oncogenic behaviour. Importantly, overexpression of miR-196a increased radioresistance of cells as measured by gamma H2AX staining and MTT survival assay. Annexin A1 (ANXA1), a known target of miR-196a, was found to be directly modulated by miR-196a as measured by luciferase assay and confirmed by Western blot analysis. ANXA1 knockdown in HNSCC exhibited similar phenotypic effects to miR-196a overexpression, suggesting the oncogenic effect of miR-196a may at least be partly regulated through suppression of ANXA1. In conclusion, this study identifies miR-196a as a potential important biomarker of prognosis and response of HNSCC to radiotherapy. Furthermore, our data suggest that miR-196a and/or its target gene ANXA1 could represent important therapeutic targets in HNSCC."	0
"Title: Raf kinase inhibitory protein suppresses a metastasis signalling cascade involving LIN28 and let-7. Abstract: Raf kinase inhibitory protein (RKIP) negatively regulates the MAP kinase (MAPK), G protein-coupled receptor kinase-2, and NF-kappaB signalling cascades. RKIP has been implicated as a metastasis suppressor for prostate cancer, but the mechanism is not known. Here, we show that RKIP inhibits invasion by metastatic breast cancer cells and represses breast tumour cell intravasation and bone metastasis in an orthotopic murine model. The mechanism involves inhibition of MAPK, leading to decreased transcription of LIN28 by Myc. Suppression of LIN28 enables enhanced let-7 processing in breast cancer cells. Elevated let-7 expression inhibits HMGA2, a chromatin remodelling protein that activates pro-invasive and pro-metastatic genes, including Snail. LIN28 depletion and let-7 expression suppress bone metastasis, and LIN28 restores bone metastasis in mice bearing RKIP-expressing breast tumour cells. These results indicate that RKIP suppresses invasion and metastasis in part through a signalling cascade involving MAPK, Myc, LIN28, let-7, and downstream let-7 targets. RKIP regulation of two pluripotent stem cell genes, Myc and LIN28, highlights the importance of RKIP as a key metastasis suppressor and potential therapeutic agent."	0
"Title: Developing microRNA therapeutics. Abstract: Rarely a new research area has gotten such an overwhelming amount of attention as have microRNAs. Although several basic questions regarding their biological principles still remain to be answered, many specific characteristics of microRNAs in combination with compelling therapeutic efficacy data and a clear involvement in human disease have triggered the biotechnology community to start exploring the possibilities of viewing microRNAs as therapeutic entities. This review serves to provide some general insight into some of the current microRNAs targets, how one goes from the initial bench discovery to actually developing a therapeutically useful modality, and will briefly summarize the current patent landscape and the companies that have started to explore microRNAs as the next drug target."	0
"Title: Signal transduction via Ras. Abstract: Ras is a major regulator of cell growth. It is a GTP-binding protein that functions as a molecular switch, cycling between the GDP-bound OFF and GTP-bound ON states. In the GTP-bound state it interacts with effector proteins that mediate the biological function. It is found as an oncogene in about 30% of human tumors. Structural and mechanistic studies on Ras and its interaction with effectors and GAP will be discussed in the context of the biology and pathophysiology of this protein."	0
"Title: Identification and characterization of RASSF1C piRNA target genes in lung cancer cells. Abstract: RASSF1C up-regulates important genes involved in lung cancer cell growth, including a stem cell self-renewal gene, piwil1. In this article, we report the identification of small noncoding PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) in lung cancer cells over-expressing RASSF1C. A piRNA microarray screen was performed using RNA isolated from the lung cancer cell line H1299 stably over-expressing RASSF1C and corresponding control. The piRNA microarray screen identified several piRNAs that are regulated by RASSF1C and we have validated the expression of two up-regulated piRNAs (piR-34871 and piR-52200) and two down-regulated piRNAs (piR-35127 and piR-46545) in lung cancer cells with silenced and over-expressed RASSF1C using RT-PCR. We also assessed the expression of these four piRNAs in lung tumor and matched normal tissues (n = 12). We found that piR-34871 and piR-52200 were up-regulated in 58% and 50%, respectively; while piR-35127 and piR-46545 were down-regulated in 50% in lung tumor tissues tested. The expression of piR-35127 was inversely correlated with RASSF1C expression in 10/12 tumor tissues. Over-expression of piR-35127 and piR-46545 and knock-down of piR-34871 and piR-52200 significantly reduced normal lung and breast epithelial cell proliferation and cell colony formation as well as proliferation of lung cancer cell lines (A549 and H1299) and breast cancer cell lines (Hs578T and MDA-MB-231). This suggests that these novel piRNAs may potentially be involved in regulating lung cell transformation and tumorigenesis. RASSF1C may potentially modulate the expression of its piRNA target genes through attenuation of the AMPK pathway, as over-expression of RASSF1C resulted in reduction of p-AMPK, p21, and p27 protein levels."	0
"Title: A brain-targeted rabies virus glycoprotein-disulfide linked PEI nanocarrier for delivery of neurogenic microRNA. Abstract: Recent advances in efficient microRNA (miRNA) delivery techniques using brain-targeted nanoparticles offer critical information for understanding the functional role of miRNAs in vivo, and for supporting targeted gene therapy in terms of treating miRNA-associated neurological diseases. Here, we report the rabies virus glycoprotein (RVG)-labeled non-toxic SSPEI nanomaterials capable of neuron-specific miR-124a delivery to neuron in vivo. The RVG-labeled BPEI-SS (RVG-SSPEI) nanocarrier showed less toxicity in acetylcholine receptor-positive Neuro2a cells, and electrostatic interaction of RVG-SSPEI with miR-124a exhibited optimal transfection efficacy. The RVG-SSPEI polymer specifically targeted Neuro2a using cy5.5-miR-124a mixed with RVG-SSPEI. The functional action of miR-124a oligomers released from polyplexes in the cytoplasmic region was evaluated by a reporter vector containing a miR-124a -binding sequence, and showed a significantly reduced reporter signal in a dose-dependent manner. Cy5.5-miR-124a/RVG-SSPEI- injected into mice via tail veins displayed the enhanced accumulation of miR-124a in the isolated brain. Hindrance of the efficient penetration of neuronal cells by size limitation of the miR-124a/RVG-SSPEI improved with the help of mannitol through blood-brain barrier disruption. These findings indicated that the RVG peptide combined with mannitol infusion using SSPEI polymer for neuron-specific targeting in vivo is sufficient to deliver neurogenic microRNA into the brain."	0
"Title: Towards a complete description of the microRNA complement of animal genomes. Abstract: Recent cloning and computational studies have sought to catalog all the microRNA genes encoded in animal genomes. Here, we highlight recent advances in identifying Caenorhabditis elegans and Drosophila melanogaster microRNAs."	0
"Title: microRNA-9 suppresses the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer cells through targeting cyclin D1 and Ets1. Abstract: Recent evidence shows that altered microRNA-9 (miR-9) expression is implicated in the progression of gastric cancer. However, the exact roles and underlying mechanisms of miR-9 in the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer still remain unknown. In this study, miR-9 was found to be down-regulated and inversely correlated with the expression of cyclin D1 and v-ets erythroblastosis virus E26 oncogene homolog 1 (Ets1) in gastric cancer tissues and cell lines. Bioinformatics analysis revealed the putative miR-9 binding sites in the 3'-untranslated regions (3'-UTR) of cyclin D1 and Ets1 mRNA. Ectopic expression or knockdown of miR-9 resulted in responsively altered expression of cyclin D1, Ets1 and their downstream targets phosphorylated retinoblastoma and matrix metalloproteinase 9 in cultured gastric cancer cell lines SGC-7901 and AGS. In the luciferase reporter system, miR-9 directly targeted the 3'-UTR of cyclin D1 and Ets1, and these effects were abolished by mutating the miR-9 binding sites. Over-expression of miR-9 suppressed the proliferation, invasion, and metastasis of SGC-7901 and AGS cells in vitro and in vivo. Restoration of miR-9-mediated down-regulation of cyclin D1 and Ets1 by transient transfection, rescued the cancer cells from decrease in proliferation, migration and invasion. Furthermore, anti-miR-9 inhibitor promoted the proliferation, migration and invasion of gastric cancer cells, while knocking down of cyclin D1 or Ets1 partially phenocopied the effects of miR-9 over-expression. These data indicate that miR-9 suppresses the expression of cyclin D1 and Ets1 via the binding sites in their 3'-UTR, thus inhibiting the proliferation, invasion and metastasis of gastric cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits the growth, invasion, metastasis and angiogenesis of neuroblastoma cells through targeting hypoxia-inducible factor 2 alpha. Abstract: Recent evidence shows that hypoxia-inducible factor 2 alpha (HIF-2?) may have critical roles in the growth and progression of neuroblastoma (NB) under non-hypoxic conditions. However, the underlying mechanisms and clinical potentials of normoxic HIF-2? expression in NB still remain largely unknown. In this study, HIF-2? immunostaining was identified in 26/42 NB tissues, which was correlated with clinicopathological features. In subtotal 20 NB cases, microRNA-145 (miR-145) was downregulated and inversely correlated with HIF-2? expression. Bioinformatics analysis revealed a putative miR-145 binding site in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of HIF-2? messenger RNA (mRNA). Overexpression or knockdown of miR-145 responsively altered both the mRNA and protein levels of HIF-2? and its downstream genes, cyclin D1, matrix metalloproteinase 14 and vascular endothelial growth factor, in normoxically cultured NB cell lines SH-SY5Y and SK-N-SH. In a luciferase reporter system, miR-145 downregulated the luciferase activity of HIF-2? 3'-UTR, and these effects were abolished by a mutation in the putative miR-145-binding site. Overexpression of miR-145 suppressed the growth, invasion, metastasis and angiogenesis of SH-SY5Y and SK-N-SH cells in vitro and in vivo, while restoration of HIF-2? expression rescued the tumor cells from miR-145-mediated defects in these biological features. Furthermore, anti-miR-145 inhibitor rescued the HIF-2? knockdown-mediated repression on the growth, migration, invasion and angiogenesis of NB cells. These data indicate that miR-145 suppresses HIF-2? expression via the binding site in the 3'-UTR under normoxic conditions, thus inhibiting the aggressiveness and angiogenesis of NB."	0
"Title: miRNA-145 targets v-ets erythroblastosis virus E26 oncogene homolog 1 to suppress the invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis of gastric cancer cells. Abstract: Recent evidence shows that v-ets erythroblastosis virus E26 oncogene homolog 1 (Ets1) is implicated in tumor development and progression. However, the clinical potentials and underlying mechanisms of Ets1 in gastric cancer progression and metastasis remain largely unknown. In this study, Ets1 immunostaining was identified in 56 of 84 (66.7%) gastric cancer tissues, which was correlated with tumor invasion and metastasis. In gastric cancer specimens and cell lines, miRNA-145 (miR-145) was downregulated and inversely correlated with Ets1 expression. Bioinformatics analysis and luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-145 directly targeted the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of Ets1 mRNA. Overexpression or knockdown of miR-145 responsively altered both the mRNA and protein levels of Ets1 and its downstream genes, matrix metalloproteinase (MMP-1)-1 and -9, in gastric cancer cell lines SGC-7901 and MKN-45. Ectopic expression of miR-145 suppressed the invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis of SGC-7901 and MKN-45 cells in vitro and in vivo. In addition, the effects of miR-145 on Ets1 expression, migration, invasion, and angiogenesis were rescued by restoration of Ets1 expression in these cells. Furthermore, anti-miR-145 inhibitor promoted the migration, invasion, and angiogenesis, whereas siRNA-mediated Ets1 knockdown phenocopied the effects of miR-145 overexpression in gastric cancer cells. These results show that miR-145 suppresses Ets1 expression via the binding site in the 3'-UTR, thus inhibiting the invasion, metastasis, and angiogenesis of gastric cancer cells."	0
"Title: The multilayered complexity of ceRNA crosstalk and competition. Abstract: Recent reports have described an intricate interplay among diverse RNA species, including protein-coding messenger RNAs and non-coding RNAs such as long non-coding RNAs, pseudogenes and circular RNAs. These RNA transcripts act as competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs) or natural microRNA sponges - they communicate with and co-regulate each other by competing for binding to shared microRNAs, a family of small non-coding RNAs that are important post-transcriptional regulators of gene expression. Understanding this novel RNA crosstalk will lead to significant insight into gene regulatory networks and have implications in human development and disease."	0
"Title: Systemic delivery of synthetic microRNA-16 inhibits the growth of metastatic prostate tumors via downregulation of multiple cell-cycle genes. Abstract: Recent reports have linked the expression of specific microRNAs (miRNAs) with tumorigenesis and metastasis. Here, we show that microRNA (miR)-16, which is expressed at lower levels in prostate cancer cells, affects the proliferation of human prostate cancer cell lines both in vitro and in vivo. Transient transfection with synthetic miR-16 significantly reduced cell proliferation of 22Rv1, Du145, PPC-1, and PC-3M-luc cells. A prostate cancer xenograft model revealed that atelocollagen could efficiently deliver synthetic miR-16 to tumor cells on bone tissues in mice when injected into tail veins. In the therapeutic bone metastasis model, injection of miR-16 with atelocollagen via tail vein significantly inhibited the growth of prostate tumors in bone. Cell model studies indicate that miR-16 likely suppresses prostate tumor growth by regulating the expression of genes such as CDK1 and CDK2 associated with cell-cycle control and cellular proliferation. There is a trend toward lower miR-16 expression in human prostate tumors versus normal prostate tissues. Thus, this study indicates the therapeutic potential of miRNA in an animal model of cancer metastasis with systemic miRNA injection and suggest that systemic delivery of miR-16 could be used to treat patients with advanced prostate cancer."	0
"Title: tRNA cleavage is a conserved response to oxidative stress in eukaryotes. Abstract: Recent results have identified a diversity of small RNAs in a wide range of organisms. In this work, we demonstrate that Saccharomyces cerevisiae contains a small RNA population consisting primarily of tRNA halves and rRNA fragments. Both 5' and 3' fragments of tRNAs are detectable by Northern blot analysis, suggesting a process of endonucleolytic cleavage. tRNA and rRNA fragment production in yeast is most pronounced during oxidative stress conditions, especially during entry into stationary phase. Similar tRNA fragments are also observed in human cell lines and in plants during oxidative stress. These results demonstrate that tRNA cleavage is a conserved aspect of the response to oxidative stress."	0
"Title: microRNA-145 suppresses lung adenocarcinoma-initiating cell proliferation by targeting OCT4. Abstract: Recent studies demonstrated that microRNA-145 is downregulated in human cancer cells and may function as a tumor suppressor. However, its role in lung cancer tumorigenesis remains unclear. Here, we demonstrated that upregulation of miR-145 reduced the proliferation and invasion as well as the ratio of CD133-positive initiating cells and the tumorosphere growth capacity of the human lung adenocarcinoma A549 cell line. The direct targeting of miR-145 to OCT4 mRNA was predicted by bioinformatic analysis and validated by a luciferase reporter system. We, therefore, confirmed that miR-145 can impair the proliferation of human lung adenocarcinoma-initiating cells by targeting OCT4 and leads to inhibition of lung cancer development."	0
"Title: Down-regulated miR-22 as predictive biomarkers for prognosis of epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Recent studies have demonstrated that microRNA-22 (miR-22) was deregulated in many types of cancers and was involved in various cellular processes related to carcinogenesis. However, the clinical significance and prognostic value of miR-22 in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) haven't been investigated. Methods: 109 pairs of fresh EOC tissue and matched adjacent normal tissue specimens were collected between May 2007 and March 2013. Real-time quantitative RT-PCR assay was performed to evaluate the expression levels of miR-22. The chi-square test was used to assess miR-22 expression with respect to clinicopathological parameters. The survival curves of the patients were determined using the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox regression, and the log-rank test was used for statistical evaluations. Results: miR-22 expression in EOC tissues was significantly lower than that in matched normal adjacent tissues (mean ± SD: 1.944 ± 1.026 vs. 4.981 ± 1.507, P<0.0001). Low miR-22 expression level was correlated with FIGO stage (P=0.006), tumor grade (P=0.03), and lymph node metastases (P=0.01). Kaplan-Meier analysis with the log-rank test indicated that low miR-22 expression had a significant impact on overall survival (44.4% vs. 64.5%; P=0.005) and progression-free survival (23.5% vs. 52.6%; P=0.004). Conclusions: Our data demonstrated that the expression of miR-22 was downregulated in EOC, and associated with overall survival as well as progression-free survival, suggesting that miR-22 could serve as an efficient prognostic factor for EOC patients. Virtual slides: The virtual slide(s) for this article can be found here: http://www.diagnosticpathology.diagnomx.eu/vs/13000_2014_178."	0
"Title: Plasma microRNA profiles: identification of miR-25 as a novel diagnostic and monitoring biomarker in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Recent studies have demonstrated that microRNAs are stably detectable in plasma/serum because of their binding to specific proteins or being packaged in secretory particles. This study was designed to detect novel microRNAs in plasma for cancer detection and monitoring using microRNA array-based approaches in oesophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) patients. Methods: Through the integration of two Toray 3D-Gene microRNA array-based approaches to compare plasma microRNA levels between ESCC patients and healthy volunteers and between preoperative and postoperative ESCC patients, we identified a novel plasma biomarker in ESCC. Results: (1) Eight upregulated and common microRNAs (miR-15b, 16, 17, 25, 19b, 20a, 20b, and 106a) were selected using two high-resolution microRNA array approaches. (2) Test-scale analyses by quantitative RT-PCR validated a significant higher levels of plasma miR-19b (P=0.0020) and miR-25 (P=0.0030) in ESCC patients than controls. However, a significant correlation was observed between plasma miR-19b levels and concentrations of red blood cells (P=0.0073) and haemoglobin (P=0.0072). (3) miR-25 expression was found to be significantly higher in ESCC tissues (P=0.0157) and ESCC cell lines (P=0.0093) than in normal tissues and fibroblasts. (4) In a large-scale validation analysis, plasma miR-25 levels were significantly higher in 105 preoperative (P<0.0001) ESCC patients who underwent curative oesophagectomy and 20 superficial ESCC patients who underwent endoscopic resection (P<0.0001) than in 50 healthy volunteers. (5) Plasma miR-25 levels were significantly reduced in postoperative samples than in preoperative samples (P<0.0005) and were significantly increased during ESCC recurrences (P=0.0145). Conclusions: Plasma miR-25 might be a clinically useful biomarker for cancer detection and the monitoring of tumour dynamics in ESCC patients."	0
"Title: Exosomal miR-221/222 enhances tamoxifen resistance in recipient ER-positive breast cancer cells. Abstract: Recent studies have demonstrated that specific miRNAs, such as miR-221/222, may be responsible for tamoxifen resistance in breast cancer. Secreted miRNAs enclosed in exosomes can act as intercellular bio-messengers. Our objective is to investigate the role of secreted miR-221/222 in tamoxifen resistance of ER-positive breast cancer cells. Transmission electron microscopy analysis and nanoparticle tracking analysis were performed to determine the exosomes difference between MCF-7(TamR) (tamoxifen resistant) and MCF-7(wt) (tamoxifen sensitive) cells. PKH67 fluorescent labeling assay was used to detect exosomes derived from MCF-7(TamR) cells entering into MCF-7(wt) cells. The potential function of exosomes on tamoxifen resistance transmission was analyzed with cell viability, apoptosis ,and colony formation. MiRNA microarrays and qPCR were used to detect and compare the miRNAs expression levels in the two cells and exosomes. As the targets of miR-221/222, p27 and ER? were analyzed with western blot and qPCR. Compared with the MCF-7(wt) exosomes, there were significant differences in the concentration and size distribution of MCF-7(TamR) exosomes. MCF-7(wt) cells had an increased amount of exosomal RNA and proteins compared with MCF-7(TamR) cells. MCF-7(TamR) exosomes could enter into MCF-7(wt) cells, and then released miR-221/222. And the elevated miR-221/222 effectively reduced the target genes expression of P27 and ER?, which enhanced tamoxifen resistance in recipient cells. Our results are the first to show that secreted miR-221/222 serves as signaling molecules to mediate communication of tamoxifen resistance."	0
"Title: Upregulation of miR-24 promotes cell proliferation by targeting NAIF1 in non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Recent studies have implied that aberration of miR-24 is linked to various human cancers. However, its role in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) remains obscure. Here, we found that miR-24 was significantly upregulated in NSCLC tissues and patients' serum. High expression of miR-24 in patients' serum was independently correlated with a shorter overall survival of NSCLC patients. Depletion of miR-24 inhibited cell proliferation and anchorage-independent survival ability in lung cancer cell lines and reduced tumor formation ability in nude mice. Nuclear apoptosis-inducing factor 1 (NAIF1) was identified to be a functional target of miR-24 in the human lung. Next, we observed that the NAIF1 mRNA expression level in NSCLC tissues was suppressed in comparison to that in adjacent normal tissues. Restoration of NAIF1 in lung cancer cell inhibited cell proliferation and anchorage-independent survival ability, which were found to be similar with those from transfecting a miR-24 inhibitor into lung cancer cells. In conclusion, our study demonstrated that miR-24 was upregulated in NSCLC, and suppressing the expression of miR-24 inhibited tumor characteristics. MiR-24 acted as an oncomir, at least partially through regulation of its functional target NAIF1 in NSCLC. MiR-24 may serve as a novel potential biomarker for NSCLC diagnosis and prognosis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 inhibits tumour growth and metastasis in colorectal cancer by targeting fascin-1. Abstract: Recent studies have reported miR-145 dysregulated in colorectal cancer (CRC). In this study, miR-145 profiles were compared between CRC and corresponding non-tumour tissues. Methods: The expression levels of miR-145 were analysed in CRC cell lines and tumour tissues by real-time PCR. A luciferase reporter assay confirmed direct targets. The functional effects of miR-145 were examined in transfected CRC cells in vitro and in vivo using established assays. Results: Downregulation of miR-145 was detected in most primary CRC tumours, and was significantly correlated with a more aggressive phenotype of CRC in patients. In CRC cell lines, ectopic overexpression of miR-145 inhibited cell proliferation, motility and invasion in vitro. Stable overexpression of miR-145 suppressed tumour growth and pulmonary metastasis in vivo. Further studies indicated that miR-145 may directly interact with the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of Fascin-1 messenger RNA (mRNA), downregulating its mRNA and protein expression levels. In clinical specimens, Fascin-1 expression was negatively correlated with miR-145 expression. Conclusions: MiR-145 has a critical role in the inhibition of invasive and metastatic capacities of CRC, probably through directly targeting Fascin-1. This miRNA may be involved in the development and progression of CRC."	0
"Title: microRNA-146a targets the L1 cell adhesion molecule and suppresses the metastatic potential of gastric cancer. Abstract: Recent studies have shown that microRNA-146a (miR-146a) is associated with cancer metastasis. However, the mechanisms underlying this process remain poorly understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate the potential role of miR-146a in gastric cancer metastasis. A wound-healing assay and a Transwell assay were used to investigate the impact of miR-146a on the migratory and invasive abilities of MKN-45 cells in vitro. MKN-45 cells stably expressing miR-146a or the negative control were transplanted into nude mice through the lateral tail vein to explore the effect of miR-146a on tumor metastasis in vivo. A luciferase reporter assay and western blot analysis were used to identify the potential target genes. Our results show that the overexpression of miR-146a inhibits the invasion and metastasis of MKN-45 cells in vitro and in vivo. Furthermore, the L1 cell adhesion molecule (L1CAM) was identified as a novel target of miR?146a in gastric cancer. Taken together, our results provide evidence that miR-146a suppresses gastric cancer cell invasion and metastasis in vitro and in vivo, which may be in part due to the downregulation of L1CAM. miR-146a may have the therapeutic potential to suppress gastric cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: Prognostic role of microRNA-21 in various carcinomas: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Abstract: Recent studies have shown that microRNAs (miRNA) could play a potential role as diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers of cancers. The aim of this meta-analysis is to summarize the global predicting role of miR-21 for survival in patients with a variety of carcinomas. Design: Eligible studies were identified and assessed for quality through multiple search strategies. Data were collected from studies comparing overall, relapse-free or cancer-specific survival (CSS) in patients with cancer having higher miR-21 expression with those having lower levels. Pooled hazard ratios (HRs) of miR-21 for survival were calculated. Results: A total of 17 studies dealing with various carcinomas were included for this global meta-analysis. For overall survival (OS), the pooled hazard ratio (HR) of higher miR-21 expression in cancerous tissue was 1·69 (95% CI: 1·33-2·16, P < 0·001), which could significantly predict poorer survival in general carcinomas. For relapse-free or CSS, elevated miR-21 was also a significant predictor, with a pooled HR of 1·48 (95% CI: 1·03-2·11, P = 0·033). Importantly, subgroup analysis suggested that higher expression of miR-21 correlated with worse OS in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) (HR 1·46, 95% CI: 1·13-1·87, P = 0·004) and carcinomas in digestion system (HR 1·56, 95% CI: 1·08-2·26, P = 0·018). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that miR-21 detection has a prognostic value in patients with cancer, especially in HNSCC and digestion system cancers."	0
"Title: Optimized high-throughput microRNA expression profiling provides novel biomarker assessment of clinical prostate and breast cancer biopsies. Abstract: Recent studies indicate that microRNAs (miRNAs) are mechanistically involved in the development of various human malignancies, suggesting that they represent a promising new class of cancer biomarkers. However, previously reported methods for measuring miRNA expression consume large amounts of tissue, prohibiting high-throughput miRNA profiling from typically small clinical samples such as excision or core needle biopsies of breast or prostate cancer. Here we describe a novel combination of linear amplification and labeling of miRNA for highly sensitive expression microarray profiling requiring only picogram quantities of purified microRNA. Results: Comparison of microarray and qRT-PCR measured miRNA levels from two different prostate cancer cell lines showed concordance between the two platforms (Pearson correlation R2 = 0.81); and extension of the amplification, labeling and microarray platform was successfully demonstrated using clinical core and excision biopsy samples from breast and prostate cancer patients. Unsupervised clustering analysis of the prostate biopsy microarrays separated advanced and metastatic prostate cancers from pooled normal prostatic samples and from a non-malignant precursor lesion. Unsupervised clustering of the breast cancer microarrays significantly distinguished ErbB2-positive/ER-negative, ErbB2-positive/ER-positive, and ErbB2-negative/ER-positive breast cancer phenotypes (Fisher exact test, p = 0.03); as well, supervised analysis of these microarray profiles identified distinct miRNA subsets distinguishing ErbB2-positive from ErbB2-negative and ER-positive from ER-negative breast cancers, independent of other clinically important parameters (patient age; tumor size, node status and proliferation index). Conclusion: In sum, these findings demonstrate that optimized high-throughput microRNA expression profiling offers novel biomarker identification from typically small clinical samples such as breast and prostate cancer biopsies."	0
"Title: Serum and urinary cell-free MiR-146a and MiR-155 in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus. Abstract: Recent studies showed that micro-RNA play important roles in the pathogenesis of autoimmune diseases. We studied the levels of miR-146a and miR-155 in the serum and urinary supernatant of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). Methods: The serum and urinary supernatant levels of miR-146a and miR-155 were determined by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction in 40 patients with SLE and 30 healthy controls. Results: Compared to controls, serum miR-146a and miR-155 levels were lower, and the urinary level of miR-146a was higher, in SLE. Estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) correlated with both serum miR-146a (r = 0.519, p = 0.001) and miR-155 (r = 0.384, p = 0.014). Serum miR-146a inversely correlated with proteinuria (r = -0.341, p = 0.031) and the SLE Disease Activity Index (r = -0.465, p = 0.003). Serum miR-146a and miR-155 levels also correlated with red blood cell count, platelet count, and lymphocyte count. After treatment with calcitriol for 6 months, serum miR-146a level of SLE patients increased significantly (p < 0.001), and its change inversely correlated with the level of calcium-phosphate product (r = -0.466, p = 0.003). Conclusion: The results suggested that serum miR-146a and miR-155 participate in the pathophysiology of SLE and might be used as biomarkers of SLE."	0
"Title: Microvesicles released from human renal cancer stem cells stimulate angiogenesis and formation of lung premetastatic niche. Abstract: Recent studies suggest that tumor-derived microvesicles (MV) act as a vehicle for exchange of genetic information between tumor and stromal cells, engendering a favorable microenvironment for cancer development. Within the tumor mass, all cell types may contribute to MV shedding, but specific contributions to tumor progression have yet to be established. Here we report that a subset of tumor-initiating cells expressing the mesenchymal stem cell marker CD105 in human renal cell carcinoma releases MVs that trigger angiogenesis and promote the formation of a premetastatic niche. MVs derived only from CD105-positive cancer stem cells conferred an activated angiogenic phenotype to normal human endothelial cells, stimulating their growth and vessel formation after in vivo implantation in immunocompromised severe combined immunodeficient (SCID) mice. Furthermore, treating SCID mice with MVs shed from CD105-positive cells greatly enhanced lung metastases induced by i.v. injection of renal carcinoma cells. Molecular characterization of CD105-positive MVs defines a set of proangiogenic mRNAs and microRNAs implicated in tumor progression and metastases. Our results define a specific source of cancer stem cell-derived MVs that contribute to triggering the angiogenic switch and coordinating metastatic diffusion during tumor progression."	0
"Title: Isolation and initial structure-functional characterization of endogenous tRNA-derived stress-induced RNAs. Abstract: Recent transcriptome-wide studies have identified a diverse pool of transfer RNA (tRNA)-derived RNAs or tRNA-derived fragments (tRFs). Some of these RNAs have been demonstrated to be functional and involved in multiple biological processes ranging from the regulation of gene expression to transgenerational epigenetic inheritance. Post-transcriptional maturation of tRNAs includes various processing events including extensive decoration by various RNA modifications, which are required for correct tRNA folding and stability. Moreover, tRNA modifications determine the pattern and specificity of tRNA cleavage. The major drawbacks of many studies in the field of tRFs are that most of them used synthetic RNAs that closely mimic endogenous tRFs in their sequence, yet lack RNA modification that is foundin vivo. Here, we developed a simple method to isolate tRNA-derived stress-induced RNAs (tiRNAs), a specific subset of tRFs. Our approach is scalable, cost-effective and relies on the purification of individual tiRNAs based on a sequence-specific RNA/DNA isolation technique using DNA probes. Our method facilitates functional studies of tiRNAs by addressing how physiological RNA modifications within tRNA fragments affect their biological activities. Here, we report pilot functional studies on selected endogenous tiRNAs, namely tiRNAAlaand tiRNAGly. We show that natural 5'-tiRNAAlamolecules assemble into G-quadruplex structures, and endogenous 5'-tiRNAGlypossesses translation inhibition activity."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiles classify human cancers. Abstract: Recent work has revealed the existence of a class of small non-coding RNA species, known as microRNAs (miRNAs), which have critical functions across various biological processes. Here we use a new, bead-based flow cytometric miRNA expression profiling method to present a systematic expression analysis of 217 mammalian miRNAs from 334 samples, including multiple human cancers. The miRNA profiles are surprisingly informative, reflecting the developmental lineage and differentiation state of the tumours. We observe a general downregulation of miRNAs in tumours compared with normal tissues. Furthermore, we were able to successfully classify poorly differentiated tumours using miRNA expression profiles, whereas messenger RNA profiles were highly inaccurate when applied to the same samples. These findings highlight the potential of miRNA profiling in cancer diagnosis."	0
"Title: ADAR editing wobbles the microRNA world. Abstract: Recent work reveals that adenosine-to-inosine editing occurs in a number of cellular microRNAs (miRNAs). Such editing is shown to diminish the expression of one miRNA and alter the target specificity of another. This changes our current views significantly by not only increasing the repertoire of miRNAs and their potential targets, but also providing mechanisms for how to regulate them and direct them to alternative targets."	0
"Title: A family of pleiotropically acting microRNAs in cancer progression, miR-200: potential cancer therapeutic targets. Abstract: Recently, a group of microRNAs (miRNAs), the miR-200 family (miR-200s) has been found to be deregulated in multiple types of cancers, in which this family of miRNAs was demonstrated to play a pivotal role in tumor initiation, maintenance, malignant metastasis and chemotherapy resistance. By targeting several central inducers of the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT), e.g. ZEB1, ZEB2 and SLUG, miR-200s are currently recognized as master regulators of EMT, thereby suppressing cancer invasion and metastasis. The involvement of miR-200s in angiogenesis has also been reported, and they were found to directly target VEGF-A, FLT1/VEGFR1 and KDR/VEGFR2, three key components of the VEGF signaling pathway. Importantly, miR-200s also modulate the self-renewal ability of cancer stem cells by targeting BMI1 and SUZ12. Aberrant expression of miR-200s has been shown to confer chemoresistant properties to various kinds of cancers. Thus, miR-200s, by playing critical and pleiotropic roles in malignancies, are promising targets for cancer therapy. Notably, it has been shown that several types of natural agents and herbal extracts could be employed to manipulate the expression of miR-200s, making the targeting of miR-200s in cancer therapy more clinically attractive. Nevertheless, a very recent study reported a metastasis-promoting role of miR-200s in breast cancer; thus, careful assessment should be conducted before applying therapeutic interventions using miR-200s as treatment targets. In this review, we will focus on our emerging understanding of the roles of miR- 200s in cancer, specifically their therapeutic potential in treating cancer."	0
"Title: Identification of recurrence-related microRNAs in the bone marrow of breast cancer patients. Abstract: Recently, bone marrow has been considered as playing a critical role in the generation of both metastasis and recurrent disease. The accumulation of a single microRNA in the bone marrow has the potential to regulate the translation of multiple genes in cancer metastasis and may therefore serve as a prognostic marker for cancer recurrence. MicroRNA microarray analysis was performed to compare microRNA levels in bone marrow from 4 breast cancer patients with recurrent disease and 4 patients without recurrence. Accumulation of two of these microRNAs, miR-21 and miR-181a, in the recurrent breast cancer cases was validated by RT-PCR in bone marrow from 291 additional breast cancer cases. Expression of a common target gene, PDCD4, was also determined in bone marrow from 291 breast cancer cases. Increased miR-21 and miR-181a levels were significantly associated with shortened disease-free survival (DFS; p=0.0003, 0.0007) and overall survival (OS; p=0.0351, 0.0443), respectively. While low PDCD4 expression was also significantly associated with poorer DFS (p=0.036). Multivariate analysis identified bone marrow miR-21 and mR-181a levels as valuable independent prognostic factors, with correlation coefficients that were significantly higher than that of the transcript of their common target gene. Accumulation of miR-21 and miR-181a in bone marrow appears to be associated with prognosis in breast cancer patients. The much higher significant correlation with microRNA levels and prognosis suggests epistatic effects on multiple target genes in the bone marrow of breast cancer patients."	0
"Title: MiR-1294 acts as a tumor inhibitor in cervical cancer by regulating FLOT1 expression. Abstract: Recently, important regulatory mechanisms of microRNAs (miRNAs) have been widely reported in human cancers including cervical cancer. The purpose of this study is to preliminarily clarify the function of miR-1294 in cervical cancer. The expression of miR-1294 or FLOT1 was detected using RT-qPCR or Western blot analysis. MTT, Transwell and luciferase reporter assays were used to explore the functional mechanism of miR-1294. The results showed that miR-1294 expression was decreased in cervical cancer. Functionally, overexpression of miR-1294 restrained the viability and metastasis of cervical cancer cells. MiR-1294 can also block EMT and suppress ?-catenin expression in cervical cancer cells. Additionally, FLOT1 was confirmed to be a direct target of miR-1294. The knockdown of FLOT1 impeded the progression of cervical cancer. More importantly, miR-1294 inhibited the occurrence of cervical cancer by interacting with FLOT1. In conclusion, miR-1294 inhibits cell viability, migration and invasion by suppressing FLOT1 expression."	0
"Title: Small RNAs derived from the 5' end of tRNA can inhibit protein translation in human cells. Abstract: Recently, it has been shown that tRNA molecules can be processed into small RNAs that are derived from both the 5' and 3' termini. To date, the function of these tRNA fragments (tRFs) derived from the 5' end of tRNA has not been investigated in depth. We present evidence that conserved residues in tRNA, present in all 5' tRFs, can inhibit the process of protein translation without the need for complementary target sites in the mRNA. These results implicate 5' tRFs in a new mechanism of gene regulation by small RNAs in human cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-202 inhibits cell migration and invasion through targeting FGF2 and inactivating Wnt/?-catenin signaling in endometrial carcinoma. Abstract: Recently, many mircroRNAs (miRNAs) involved in the development and progression of cancer have been reported to regulate cell growth and metastasis, including microRNA-202 (miR-202). The purpose of the present study was to elucidate the effect of miR-202 on endometrial carcinoma (EC) cell migration and invasion. First, qRT-PCR showed that miR-202 was down-regulated in EC tissues, which was associated with poor prognosis in EC patients. Functionally, transwell assay indicated that miR-202 inhibited cell migration and invasion in EC cells. In addition, miR-202 also blocked epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) through suppressing N-cadherin and Vimentin expressions and promoting E-cadherin expression. Moreover, the dual-luciferase reporter assay showed that fibroblast growth factor 2 (FGF2) is a direct target gene for miR-202 in EC cells. Furthermore, up-regulation of FGF2 attenuated the inhibitory effect of miR-202 on cell migration and invasion in EC. Besides that, miR-202 inactivated the Wnt/?-catenin signaling by suppressing ?-catenin expression in EC. In conclusion, miR-202 inhibited cell migration and invasion by targeting FGF2 and inactivating the Wnt/?-catenin signaling in EC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-612 inhibits cervical cancer progression by targeting NOB1. Abstract: Recently, many studies have shown that microRNA (miR)-612 is involved in cancer progression. However, the role of miR-612 in cervical cancer remains unclear. The present study aims to investigate the biological effects of miR-612 on cervical cancer. The expression of miR-612 in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines was analysed by quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. The effect of miR-612 cell proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis was studied by appropriate methods. Protein expression was determined by Western blot analyses. Bioinformatics analysis and luciferase reporter assays were performed to clarify the relationship between miR-612 and nin one binding protein (NOB1). A xenograft model was established to examine the role of miR-612 in vivo tumorigenesis. Cervical cancer tissues and cell lines showed down-regulation of miR-612 expression, which was associated with the Fédération Internationale de Gynécologie et d'Obstétrique (FIGO) stage and lymph node metastasis. Functional assays revealed that miR-612 overexpression significantly suppressed cervical cancer cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and delayed tumour growth in vivo. Mechanically, miR-612 targeted NOB1 in cervical cancer cells, revealing a negative correlation between miR-612 and NOB1in cervical cancer samples. NOB1 overexpression partially reversed the inhibitory effects of miR-612 overexpression in cervical cancer cells. Taken together, these findings indicate that miR-612 functions as a tumour suppressor in cervical cancer and suggest that miR-612 may be a potential target in the therapeutic intervention of this malignancy."	0
"Title: Development of a microRNA delivery system based on bacteriophage MS2 virus-like particles. Abstract: Recently, microRNA (miRNA)-mediated RNA interference has been developed as a useful tool in gene function analysis and gene therapy. A major obstacle in miRNA-mediated RNAi is cellular delivery, which requires an efficient and flexible delivery system. The self-assembly of the MS2 bacteriophage capsids has been used to develop virus-like particles (VLPs) for RNA and drug delivery. However, MS2 VLP-mediated miRNA delivery has not yet been reported. We therefore used an Escherichia coli expression system to produce the pre-miR 146a contained MS2 VLPs, and then conjugated these particles with HIV-1 Tat(47-57) peptide. The conjugated MS2 VLPs effectively transferred the packaged pre-miR146a RNA into various cells and tissues, with 0.92-14.76-fold higher expression of miR-146a in vitro and about two-fold higher expression in vivo, and subsequently suppressed its targeting gene. These findings suggest that MS2 VLPs can be used as a novel vehicle in miRNA delivery systems, and may have applications in gene therapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs--the micro steering wheel of tumour metastases. Abstract: Recently, microRNAs (miRNAs) have been discovered to have a role in metastasis. Here we describe how miRNAs are involved in advanced stages of tumour progression, stressing their roles as metastasis activators or suppressors, and discuss their possible use in the clinic as predictive markers and as therapeutic strategies for patients with metastases. Furthermore, we develop the concept that the same miRNAs could be involved both in the cancer stem cell phenotype and in the ability of specific cancer cells to produce metastases, thus representing a mechanistic link between the initial and the final steps of tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Global gene expression analysis reveals reduced abundance of putative microRNA targets in human prostate tumours. Abstract: Recently, microRNAs (miRNAs) have taken centre stage in the field of human molecular oncology. Several studies have shown that miRNA profiling analyses offer new possibilities in cancer classification, diagnosis and prognosis. However, the function of miRNAs that are dysregulated in tumours remains largely a mystery. Global analysis of miRNA-target gene expression has helped illuminate the role of miRNAs in developmental gene expression programs, but such an approach has not been reported in cancer transcriptomics. Results: In this study, we globally analysed the expression patterns of miRNA target genes in prostate cancer by using several public microarray datasets. Intriguingly, we found that, in contrast to global mRNA transcript levels, putative miRNA targets showed a reduced abundance in prostate tumours relative to benign prostate tissue. Additionally, the down-regulation of these miRNA targets positively correlated with the number of types of miRNA target-sites in the 3' untranslated regions of these targets. Further investigation revealed that the globally low expression was mainly driven by the targets of 36 specific miRNAs that were reported to be up-regulated in prostate cancer by a miRNA expression profiling study. We also found that the transcript levels of miRNA targets were lower in androgen-independent prostate cancer than in androgen-dependent prostate cancer. Moreover, when the global analysis was extended to four other cancers, significant differences in transcript levels between miRNA targets and total mRNA backgrounds were found. Conclusion: Global gene expression analysis, along with further investigation, suggests that miRNA targets have a significantly reduced transcript abundance in prostate cancer, when compared with the combined pool of all mRNAs. The abnormal expression pattern of miRNA targets in human cancer could be a common feature of the human cancer transcriptome. Our study may help to shed new light on the functional roles of miRNAs in cancer transcriptomics."	0
"Title: DNA hypermethylation in tumorigenesis: epigenetics joins genetics. Abstract: Recently, the concept that epigenetic, as well as genetic, events might be central to the evolution of human cancer is re-emerging. Cancers often exhibit an aberrant methylation of gene promoter regions that is associated with loss of gene function. This DNA change constitutes a heritable state, not mediated by altered nucleotide sequence, that appears to be tightly linked to the formation of transcriptionally repressive chromatin. This epigenetic process acts as an alternative to mutations to disrupt tumor-suppressor gene function and can predispose to genetic alterations through inactivating DNA-repair genes. Dissecting the molecular processes that mediate these methylation changes will enhance our understanding of chromatin modeling and gene regulation and might present novel possibilities for cancer therapy. Methylation changes constitute potentially sensitive molecular markers to define risk states, monitor prevention strategies, achieve early diagnosis, and track the prognosis of cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-regulated, systemically delivered rAAV9: a step closer to CNS-restricted transgene expression. Abstract: Recombinant adeno-associated viruses (rAAVs) that can cross the blood-brain-barrier and achieve efficient and stable transvascular gene transfer to the central nervous system (CNS) hold significant promise for treating CNS disorders. However, following intravascular delivery, these vectors also target liver, heart, skeletal muscle, and other tissues, which may cause untoward effects. To circumvent this, we used tissue-specific, endogenous microRNAs (miRNAs) to repress rAAV expression outside the CNS, by engineering perfectly complementary miRNA-binding sites into the rAAV9 genome. This approach allowed simultaneous multi-tissue regulation and CNS-directed stable transgene expression without detectably perturbing the endogenous miRNA pathway. Regulation of rAAV expression by miRNA was primarily via site-specific cleavage of the transgene mRNA, generating specific 5' and 3' mRNA fragments. Our findings promise to facilitate the development of miRNA-regulated rAAV for CNS-targeted gene delivery and other applications."	0
"Title: miR-129 regulates cell proliferation by downregulating Cdk6 expression. Abstract: Reduced expression of miR-129 has been reported in multiple tumor cell lines and in primary tumors including medulloblastoma, undifferentiated gastric cancers, lung adenocarcinoma, endometrial cancer and colorectal carcinoma. There is also recent evidence of an anti-proliferative activity of miR-129 in tumor cell lines. Still, little is known about how miR-129 regulates cell proliferation. Here we found that lentiviral-mediated overexpression of miR-129 in mouse lung epithelial cells (E10 cells) results in significant G(1) phase arrest that eventually leads to cell death. miR-129 induce G(1) phase arrest in multiple human lung adenocarcinoma cell lines, suggesting miR-129 targeting of G(1)/S phase-specific regulators. Interestingly, we show that Cdk6, a kinase involved in G(1)-S transition, is a direct target of miR-129. We also found the downregulation of three other cell cycle-related novel targets of miR-129, including Erk1, Erk2 and protein kinase C epsilon (Prkce). We further show that among these targets, only Cdk6 is functionally relevant. Restoring expression of Cdk6, but not Prkce partially rescues the cell growth arrest and cell death phenotype that results from miR-129 overexpression. Together, our data indicate that miR-129 plays an important role in regulating cell proliferation by downregulation of Cdk6."	0
"Title: Hypoxia-inducible factors, stem cells, and cancer. Abstract: Regions of severe oxygen deprivation (hypoxia) arise in tumors due to rapid cell division and aberrant blood vessel formation. The hypoxia-inducible factors (HIFs) mediate transcriptional responses to localized hypoxia in normal tissues and in cancers and can promote tumor progression by altering cellular metabolism and stimulating angiogenesis. Recently, HIFs have been shown to activate specific signaling pathways such as Notch and the expression of transcription factors such as Oct4 that control stem cell self renewal and multipotency. As many cancers are thought to develop from a small number of transformed, self-renewing, and multipotent ""cancer stem cells,"" these results suggest new roles for HIFs in tumor progression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA let-7a down-regulates MYC and reverts MYC-induced growth in Burkitt lymphoma cells. Abstract: Regulation of the MYC oncogene remains unclear. Using 10058-F4, a compound that inhibits MYC-MAX transcription factor, MYC protein and gene expression were down-regulated in Namalwa cells, a Burkitt lymphoma. Compound 10058-F4 decreased MYC mRNA (45%), MYC protein (50%), and cell growth (32%). MYC-MAX transcription factor was disrupted 24 h after treatment, resulting in transcriptional inhibition of target genes. Because microRNAs (miRNA) disrupt mRNA translation, let-7a, let-7b, and mir-98 were selected using bioinformatics for targeting MYC. Inhibition of MYC-MAX transcription factor with 10058-F4 increased levels of members of the let-7 family. In inhibited cells at 24 h, let-7a, let-7b, and mir-98 were induced 4.9-, 1.3-, and 2.4-fold, respectively, whereas mir-17-5p decreased 0.23-fold. These results were duplicated using microRNA multianalyte suspension array technology. Regulation of MYC mRNA by let-7a was confirmed by transfections with pre-let-7a. Overexpression of let-7a (190%) decreased Myc mRNA (70%) and protein (75%). Down-regulation of Myc protein and mRNA using siRNA MYC also elevated let-7a miRNA and decreased Myc gene expression. Inverse coordinate regulation of let-7a and mir-17-5p versus Myc mRNA by 10058-F4, pre-let-7a, or siRNA MYC suggested that both miRNAs are Myc-regulated. This supports previous results in lung and colon cancer where decreased levels of the let-7 family resulted in increased tumorigenicity. Here, pre-let-7a transfections led to down-regulation of expression of MYC and its target genes and antiproliferation in lymphoma cells. These findings with let-7a add to the complexity of MYC regulation and suggest that dysregulation of these miRNAs participates in the genesis and maintenance of the lymphoma phenotype in Burkitt lymphoma cells and other MYC-dysregulated cancers."	0
"Title: Annexin A1 is a new functional linker between actin filaments and phagosomes during phagocytosis. Abstract: Remodelling of the actin cytoskeleton plays a key role in particle internalisation and the phagosome maturation processes. Actin-binding proteins (ABPs) are the main players in actin remodelling but the precise role of these proteins in phagocytosis needs to be clarified. Annexins, a group of ABPs, are known to be present on phagosomes. Here, we identified annexin A1 as a factor that binds to isolated latex bead phagosomes (LBPs) in the presence of Ca(2+) and facilitates the F-actin-LBP interaction in vitro. In macrophages the association of endogenous annexin A1 with LBP membranes was strongly correlated with the spatial and temporal accumulation of F-actin at the LBP. Annexin A1 was found on phagocytic cups and around early phagosomes, where the F-actin was prominently concentrated. After uptake was completed, annexin A1, along with F-actin, dissociated from the nascent LBP surface. At later stages of phagocytosis annexin A1 transiently concentrated only around those LBPs that showed transient F-actin accumulation ('actin flashing'). Downregulation of annexin A1 expression resulted in impaired phagocytosis and actin flashing. These data identify annexin A1 as an important component of phagocytosis that appears to link actin accumulation to different steps of phagosome formation."	0
"Title: Identification of MicroRNAs associated with early relapse after nephrectomy in renal cell carcinoma patients. Abstract: Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is the most common neoplasm of adult kidney. One of the important unmet medical needs in RCC is prognostic biomarker enabling identification of patients at high risk of relapse after nephrectomy. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) constitute a robust regulatory network with posttranscriptional regulatory efficiency for almost one-half of human coding genes, including oncogenes and tumor suppressors. To identify potential prognostic miRNAs, we analyzed expression profiles in tumors of different prognostic groups of RCC patients. Seventy-seven patients with clear cell RCC and detailed clinicopathological data were enrolled in a single-center study. Global miRNA expression profiles were obtained by use of TaqMan Low Density Arrays (754 parallel quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reactions (qRT-PCR) reactions). For validation of identified miRNAs individual miRNA TaqMan assays were performed in an independent group of patients. We identified tumor relapse-signature based on the expression of 64 miRNAs differentially expressed between relapse-free RCC patients and RCC patients who developed relapse (20 miRNAs were increased, 44 miRNAs were decreased). In the validation phase of the study, we successfully confirmed that expression levels of miR-143, miR-26a, miR-145, miR-10b, miR-195, and miR-126 are lower in the tumors of RCC patients who developed tumor relapse, moreover, the lowest levels of these miRNAs we observed in primary metastatic tumors. By using Kaplan-Meier analysis, we identified that miR-127-3p, miR-145, and miR-126 are significantly correlated with relapse-free survival of nonmetastatic RCC patients. If further validated, we suggest that identified miRNAs might be used for identification of RCC patients at high risk of early relapse after nephrectomy in clinical practice."	0
"Title: The pathogenesis of cancer metastasis: the 'seed and soil' hypothesis revisited. Abstract: Researchers have been studying metastasis for more than 100 years, and only recently have we gained insight into the mechanisms by which metastatic cells arise from primary tumours and the reasons that certain tumour types tend to metastasize to specific organs. Stephen Paget's 1889 proposal that metastasis depends on cross-talk between selected cancer cells (the 'seeds') and specific organ microenvironments (the 'soil') still holds forth today. It is now known that the potential of a tumour cell to metastasize depends on its interactions with the homeostatic factors that promote tumour-cell growth, survival, angiogenesis, invasion and metastasis. How has this field developed over the past century, and what major breakthroughs are most likely to lead to effective therapeutic approaches?"	0
"Title: Annexin A1 is involved in resistance to 5-FU in colon cancer cells. Abstract: Resistance to 5-fluorouracil (5?FU), a key drug in the treatment of colorectal cancer, is one of the major reasons for poor patient prognosis during cancer treatment. Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is a calcium?dependent phospholipid?linked protein that is associated with drug resistance, anti?inflammatory effects, regulation of cellular differentiation, proliferation and apoptosis. Although there have been several studies investigating ANXA1 expression in drug resistant cells, the role of ANXA1 is yet to be fully understood. We therefore, in this study, generated SW480 cells resistant to 5?FU (SW480/5?FU) to evaluate ANXA1 expression. When compared to the control cells, ANXA1 expression was significantly induced in the SW480/5?FU cells. We then revealed the role of ANXA1 expression in 5?FU resistance by using overexpression and knockdown methods in colon cancer cells. Overexpression of ANXA1 induced a significant increase of cell viability to 5?FU, whereas ANXA1 knockdown induced a significant decrease of cell viability to 5?FU. Further experiments revealed that ANXA1 expression was induced by hypoxia in colon cancer cells. These results suggest that ANXA1 expression may play a critical role in 5?FU resistance and may be induced by hypoxia during cancer progression. Our results provide a possible strategy to overcome 5?FU resistance by modulating ANXA1 expression."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21: a novel therapeutic target in human cancer. Abstract: Resistance to anticancer agents is the major clinical obstacle to the successful treatment of cancer, yet the mechanisms underlying drug resistance have not been fully characterized. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenous, small (19-25 nucleotides in length) noncoding RNAs, which function by base pairing with messenger RNAs, thereby regulating protein expression. Emerging evidence shows that alteration of miRNAs is involved in cancer initiation and progression. MiR-21 is a miRNA that is overexpressed in most tumor types, and acts as an oncogene by targeting many tumor suppressor genes related to proliferation, apoptosis, and invasion. In vivo and in vitro studies suggest that miR-21 may serve as a diagnostic and prognostic marker for human malignancies. More recently, studies have identified an important role for miR-21 in anticancer drug resistance. Here, we review the mechanisms underlying miR-21-mediated chemoresistance and the potential use of miR-21 as a novel molecular target for cancer chemotherapy."	0
"Title: The role of microRNA-128a in regulating TGFbeta signaling in letrozole-resistant breast cancer cells. Abstract: Resistance to endocrine therapy agents has presented a clinical obstacle in the treatment of hormone-dependent breast cancer. Our laboratory has initiated a study of microRNA regulation of signaling pathways that may result in breast cancer progression on aromatase inhibitors (AI). Microarray analysis of hormone refractory cell lines identified 115 differentially regulated microRNAs, of which 49 microRNAs were believed to be hormone-responsive. A group of microRNAs were inversely expressed in the AI-resistant lines versus LTEDaro and tamoxifen-resistant. We focused our work on hsa-miR-128a which was hormone-responsive and selectively up-regulated in the letrozole-resistant cell lines. Human miR-128a was predicted to target the TGF? signaling pathway and indeed sensitivity to TGF? was compromised in the letrozole-resistant cells, as compared to parental MCF-7aro. Human miR-128a was shown to negatively target TGF?RI protein expression by binding to the 3'UTR region of the gene. Inhibition of endogenous miR-128a resulted in resensitization of the letrozole-resistant lines to TGF? growth inhibitory effects. These data suggest that the hormone-responsive miR-128a can modulate TGF? signaling and survival of the letrozole-resistant cell lines. To our knowledge, this is the first study to address the role of microRNA regulation as well as TGF? signaling in AI-resistant breast cancer cell lines. We believe that in addition to estrogen-modulation of gene expression, hormone-regulated microRNAs may provide an additional level of post-transcriptional regulation of signaling pathways critically involved in breast cancer progression and AI-resistance."	0
"Title: MiRNA-145 is involved in the development of resistin-induced insulin resistance in HepG2 cells. Abstract: Resistin is associated with insulin resistance, and determining its developmental and molecular mechanisms may help the development of novel treatments. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are involved in many physiological and pathological processes as negative regulators. However, it remains unclear whether miRNAs play a role in resistin-induced insulin resistance. We performed mouse liver miRNA microarrays to analyze the differences in expression between resistin-treated and control mice. Resistin upregulated miR-145 both in vivo and in vitro. Therefore, we aimed to study whether miR-145 played a role in resistin-induced insulin resistance. Methods and results: We transfected HepG2 cells, and used miR-145 mimics and inhibitors to assess the role of miR-145 in resistin-induced insulin resistance. The overexpression of miR-145 inhibited glucose uptake in HepG2 cells, diminished the phosphorylation of Akt and IRS-1, and induced insulin resistance in hepatocytes. Next, a study of transcriptional regulation revealed that p65 was essential for the upregulation of miR-145 by resistin, and chromatin immunoprecipitation (ChIP) confirmed that p65 could bind to the promoter region of miR-145. Conclusion: miR-145 plays a role in the development of resistin-induced insulin resistance via the p65 pathway."	0
"Title: The use of retroviral vectors for gene therapy-what are the risks? A review of retroviral pathogenesis and its relevance to retroviral vector-mediated gene delivery. Abstract: Retroviral vector-mediated gene transfer has been central to the development of gene therapy. Retroviruses have several distinct advantages over other vectors, especially when permanent gene transfer is the preferred outcome. The most important advantage that retroviral vectors offer is their ability to transform their single stranded RNA genome into a double stranded DNA molecule that stably integrates into the target cell genome. This means that retroviral vectors can be used to permanently modify the host cell nuclear genome. Recently, retroviral vector-mediated gene transfer, as well as the broader gene therapy field, has been re-invigorated with the development of a new class of retroviral vectors which are derived from lentiviruses. These have the unique ability amongst retroviruses of being able to infect non-cycling cells. Vectors derived from lentiviruses have provided a quantum leap in technology and seemingly offer the means to achieve significant levels of gene transfer in vivo.The ability of retroviruses to integrate into the host cell chromosome also raises the possibility of insertional mutagenesis and oncogene activation. Both these phenomena are well known in the interactions of certain types of wild-type retroviruses with their hosts. However, until recently they had not been observed in replication defective retroviral vector-mediated gene transfer, either in animal models or in clinical trials. This has meant the potential disadvantages of retroviral mediated gene therapy have, until recently, been seen as largely, if not entirely, hypothetical. The recent clinical trial of gammac mediated gene therapy for X-linked severe combined immunodeficiency (X-SCID) has proven the potential of retroviral mediated gene transfer for the treatment of inherited metabolic disease. However, it has also illustrated the potential dangers involved, with 2 out of 10 patients developing T cell leukemia as a consequence of the treatment. A considered review of retroviral induced pathogenesis suggests these events were qualitatively, if not quantitatively, predictable. In addition, it is clear that the probability of such events can be greatly reduced by relatively simple vector modifications, such as the use of self-inactivating vectors and vectors derived from non-oncogenic retroviruses. However, these approaches remain to be fully developed and validated. This review also suggests that, in all likelihood, there are no other major retroviral pathogenetic mechanisms that are of general relevance to replication defective retroviral vectors. These are important conclusions as they suggest that, by careful design and engineering of retroviral vectors, we can continue to use this gene transfer technology with confidence."	0
"Title: Type I interferons might form the link between Toll-like receptor (TLR) 3/7 and TLR4-mediated synovial inflammation in rheumatoid arthritis (RA). Abstract: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) has been associated with an increased risk of infections, but the underlying pathways have not yet been identified. Toll-like receptors (TLR) probably play a role in synovial inflammation and may also contribute to the understanding of the role of infections in RA. Objectives: To investigate if the synovial expression of TLR3 and TLR7 in RA correlates with that of inflammatory cytokines, and to assess whether this has functional consequences for local cytokine production and to study potential links between the TLR3/7 axis and TLR4 in RA synovium. Methods: Immunohistochemistry was used to study the expression of TLR3, TLR7, interferon alpha (IFNalpha), tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) and interleukins IL1beta, IL12, IL17 and IL18 in RA synovium obtained by arthroscopy from 34 patients with RA. Monocytes, monocyte-derived dendritic cells (MoDCs) and RA synovial fibroblasts were stimulated via TLR3 (poly-IC) and TLR7 (loxorubin), after which IL1beta, IL6 and TNFalpha were measured by Luminex bead array technology. Following preincubation with IFNalpha, IL1beta and IL18, TLR3 and TLR7 mRNA expression was assessed using real-time PCR. Cytokine production after preincubation with IFNalpha and subsequent TLR stimulation was measured. Results: Synovial TLR3/7 expression was co-expressed with IFNalpha, IL1beta and IL18, but not with TNFalpha, IL12 and IL17. Stimulation of TLR3/TLR7 on monocytes, MoDCs or synovial fibroblasts led to secretion of type I IFN but no biologically active IL1beta or IL18 could be detected. Type I IFNalpha increased TLR3/7 mRNA expression whereas IL1beta and IL18 did not. In spite of the fact that the mRNA level of TLR4 remained unchanged, IFNalpha enhanced the response to TLR4 agonists, a phenomenon that was clearly more marked in patients with RA. Conclusion: Type I interferons are highly co-expressed with TLR3/TLR7 in RA synovium. They enhance TLR3/TLR7-mediated cytokine production and also TLR4-mediated responses."	0
"Title: Innate immunity, epigenetics and autoimmunity in rheumatoid arthritis. Abstract: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic inflammatory autoimmune disease characterized by the progressive and irreversible destruction of joints. RA remains an incurable condition, although a new class of drugs, biologicals, have made a major breakthrough in targeting and/or eliminating the immune cells, including T cells, B cells and monocytes/macrophages from the joints. That we cannot (yet?) cure the disease is most likely due to the lack of therapeutic targeting the endogenously activated RA synovial fibroblasts (RASF). Most interestingly, RASF express Toll-like receptors (TLRs) 1-6 rendering them prone to activation by exogenous and endogenous TLR ligands and resulting in the production of numerous powerful chemokines and cytokines. These factors are responsible for the repopulation of immune cells in the joints after ceasing cell depleting therapies. To characterize the molecular mechanisms of synovial activation, a new approach studying the epigenetic characteristics of RASF has been recently undertaken. Thereby, the pattern of histone acetylation, DNA methylation and gene expression regulating microRNA are being explored. Since auto-antibodies have the most predictive and diagnostic value for RA, it is challenging to study more comprehensively the contribution of auto-antibodies to the disease. A new screening technique, serological analysis of recombinant human cDNA expression library (SEREX), adapted from cancer research allowed for the identification of novel auto-antibodies in RA, including anti-serpin E2 auto-antibodies. The serpin E2 auto-antibodies were found to inhibit the activity of serpin E2 and have potentially a functional role in the disease. The recent findings in the field of innate immunity, epigenetics and autoimmunity related to the pathogenesis of RA are in the scope of this review."	0
"Title: A polymorphism in the 3'-UTR of interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase (IRAK1), a target gene of miR-146a, is associated with rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility. Abstract: Rheumatoid arthritis (RA) is a chronic inflammatory disorder with many genetic factors predisposing to disease susceptibility. MicroRNAs are a new discovered class of molecules that participate in post-transcriptional regulation of genes' expression. MicroRNA-146a was found to be increased in synovial fibroblasts, synovial tissue and PBMC from patients with RA. The aim of the present study was to reveal if there is any association of miRNA-146a variant rs2910164 and the two interleukin (IL) 1 receptor associated kinase (IRAK1, a target gene of mir-146a) polymorphisms rs3027898 and rs1059703 with RA predisposition. Methods: One hundred and thirty-six RA patients and 147 controls were enrolled in the study. Results: Strong statistically significant difference was observed in IRAK1 rs3027898 A > C polymorphism distribution between RA patients and controls (p = 0.044), which was higher comparing the distribution of allele A vs. allele C between the studied groups (p = 0.017). Conclusion: This is the first study that addresses association of a variant in a target of miR-146a, IRAK1 gene, with RA susceptibility. Further studies in other ethnic groups of patients could help to understand the extent of the proposed association."	0
"Title: Rho kinase as a therapeutic target in cardiovascular disease. Abstract: Rho kinase (ROCK) belongs to the AGC (PKA/PKG/PKC) family of serine/threonine kinases and is a major downstream effector of the small GTPase RhoA. ROCK plays central roles in the organization of the actin cytoskeleton and is involved in a wide range of fundamental cellular functions such as contraction, adhesion, migration, proliferation and gene expression. Two ROCK isoforms, ROCK1 and ROCK2, are assumed to be functionally redundant, based largely on the major common activators, the high degree of homology within the kinase domain and studies from overexpression with kinase constructs and chemical inhibitors (e.g., Y27632 and fasudil), which inhibit both ROCK1 and ROCK2. Extensive experimental and clinical studies support a critical role for the RhoA/ROCK pathway in the vascular bed in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular diseases, in which increased ROCK activity mediates vascular smooth muscle cell hypercontraction, endothelial dysfunction, inflammatory cell recruitment and vascular remodeling. Recent experimental studies, using ROCK inhibitors or genetic mouse models, indicate that the RhoA/ROCK pathway in myocardium contributes to cardiac remodeling induced by ischemic injury or persistent hypertrophic stress, thereby leading to cardiac decompensation and heart failure. This article, based on recent molecular, cellular and animal studies, focuses on the current understanding of ROCK signaling in cardiovascular diseases and in the pathogenesis of heart failure."	0
"Title: Inhibition of rho-associated kinase signaling prevents breast cancer metastasis to human bone. Abstract: Rho-associated kinase (ROCK) signaling plays a fundamental role in regulating cell morphology, adhesion, and motility. Aberrant expression of ROCK is related to tumor metastases and poor clinical outcome. Here, we show that ROCK expression is increased in metastatic human mammary tumors and breast cancer cell lines compared with nonmetastatic tumors and cell lines. Overexpression of ROCK confers a metastatic phenotype on the nonmetastatic MCF-7 cell line. Inhibition of ROCK activity, by either a specific ROCK inhibitor (Y27632) or ROCK-targeted small interfering RNAs, reduces cell migration and proliferation in vitro and metastasis to bone in vivo using a novel ""human breast cancer metastasis to human bone"" mouse model. Expression of the c-Myc-regulated miR-17-92 cluster is shown to be elevated in metastatic breast cancer cells compared with nonmetastatic cells and diminished by Y27632 treatment. Furthermore, blockade of miR-17 is shown to decrease breast cancer cell invasion/migration in vitro and metastasis in vivo. Together, these findings suggest that augmented ROCK signaling contributes to breast cancer metastasis. The effects of ROCK on tumor cell invasion/motility and growth may derive from regulating cytoskeletal actin-myosin contraction and modulating the c-Myc pathway, including c-Myc-dependent microRNAs. Inhibition of ROCK or the pathway it stimulates, therefore, may represent a novel approach for treatment of breast cancer metastases."	0
"Title: Circulating miR-29a and miR-150 correlate with delivered dose during thoracic radiation therapy for non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: Risk of normal tissue toxicity limits the amount of thoracic radiation therapy (RT) that can be routinely prescribed to treat non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). An early biomarker of response to thoracic RT may provide a way to predict eventual toxicities-such as radiation pneumonitis-during treatment, thereby enabling dose adjustment before the symptomatic onset of late effects. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) were studied as potential serological biomarkers for thoracic RT. As a first step, we sought to identify miRNAs that correlate with delivered dose and standard dosimetric factors. Methods: We performed miRNA profiling of plasma samples obtained from five patients with Stage IIIA NSCLC at five dose-points each during radical thoracic RT. Candidate miRNAs were then assessed in samples from a separate cohort of 21 NSCLC patients receiving radical thoracic RT. To identify a cellular source of circulating miRNAs, we quantified in vitro miRNA expression intracellularly and within secreted exosomes in five NSCLC and stromal cell lines. Results: miRNA profiling of the discovery cohort identified ten circulating miRNAs that correlated with delivered RT dose as well as other dosimetric parameters such as lung V20. In the validation cohort, miR-29a-3p and miR-150-5p were reproducibly shown to decrease with increasing radiation dose. Expression of miR-29a-3p and miR-150-5p in secreted exosomes decreased with radiation. This was concomitant with an increase in intracellular levels, suggesting that exosomal export of these miRNAs may be downregulated in both NSCLC and stromal cells in response to radiation. Conclusions: miR-29a-3p and miR-150-5p were identified as circulating biomarkers that correlated with delivered RT dose. miR-150 has been reported to decrease in the circulation of mammals exposed to radiation while miR-29a has been associated with fibrosis in the human heart, lungs, and kidneys. One may therefore hypothesize that outlier levels of circulating miR-29a-3p and miR-150-5p may eventually help predict unexpected responses to radiation therapy, such as toxicity."	0
"Title: Identification of functional tetramolecular RNA G-quadruplexes derived from transfer RNAs. Abstract: RNA G-quadruplex (RG4) structures are involved in multiple biological processes. Recent genome-wide analyses of human mRNA transcriptome identified thousands of putative intramolecular RG4s that readily assemble in vitro but shown to be unfolded in vivo. Previously, we have shown that mature cytoplasmic tRNAs are cleaved during stress response to produce tRNA fragments that function to repress translation in vivo. Here we report that these bioactive tRNA fragments assemble into intermolecular RG4s. We provide evidence for the formation of uniquely stable tetramolecular RG4 structures consisting of five tetrad layers formed by 5'-terminal oligoguanine motifs of an individual tRNA fragment. RG4 is required for functions of tRNA fragments in the regulation of mRNA translation, a critical component of cellular stress response. RG4 disruption abrogates tRNA fragments ability to trigger the formation of Stress Granules in vivo. Collectively, our data rationalize the existence of naturally occurring RG4-assembling tRNA fragments and emphasize their regulatory roles."	0
"Title: Synthetic Pre-miRNA-Based shRNA as Potent RNAi Triggers. Abstract: RNA interference (RNAi) is a powerful tool for studying gene function owing to the ease with which it can selectively silence genes of interest, and it has also attracted attention because of its potential for therapeutic applications. Chemically synthesized small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) and DNA vector-based short hairpin RNAs (shRNAs) are now widely used as RNAi triggers. In contrast to expressed shRNAs, the use of synthetic shRNAs is limited. Here we designed shRNAs modeled on a precursor microRNA (pre-miRNA) and evaluated their biological activity. We demonstrated that chemically synthetic pre-miRNA-based shRNAs have more potent RNAi activity than their corresponding siRNAs and found that their antisense strands are more efficiently incorporated into the RNA-induced silencing complex. Although greater off-target effects and interferon responses were induced by shRNAs than by their corresponding siRNAs, these effects could be overcome by simply using a lower concentration or by optimizing and chemically modifying shRNAs similar to synthetic siRNAs. These are challenges for the future."	0
"Title: Modulation of scratching behavior by silencing an endogenous cyclooxygenase-1 gene in the skin through the administration of siRNA. Abstract: RNA interference (RNAi) is rapidly becoming a major tool that is revolutionizing research in the bioscience and biomedical fields. To apply the RNAi technique in vivo, it is crucial to develop appropriate methods of guiding the short interfering RNA (siRNA) molecules to the right tissues and cells. Here, we demonstrate an efficient method for performing gene knockdown in the body skin using the in vivo electro-transduction of siRNA. Using this method, we examined whether the targeted silencing of the cyclooxygenase (COX) gene in the skin could modulate the scratching behavior of an atopic dermatitis mouse model. Methods: NC/Nga mice were used as the atopic dermatitis model. Using our optimized in vivo electroporation conditions, siRNAs were introduced into the skin; the silencing efficiency was then analyzed by Western blotting, measuring the levels of prostaglandins, and immunohistochemistry. The scratching behaviors of the mice were measured using an automatic system. Results: Targeted silencing of the COX-1 gene using our in vivo siRNA technique significantly accelerated the scratching behavior of NC/Nga mice, whereas the COX-2 siRNA showed no effect. In addition, the effect of COX-1 siRNA was mimicked by treatment with a COX-1-selective inhibitor (SC-560). Conclusions: We have demonstrated the successful silencing of endogenous gene expression in the skin using the intradermal transfection of unmodified siRNA via electroporation. Using this method, we revealed that COX- 1-mediated prostaglandins may act as endogenous inhibitors of scratching behavior."	0
"Title: Role for a bidentate ribonuclease in the initiation step of RNA interference. Abstract: RNA interference (RNAi) is the mechanism through which double-stranded RNAs silence cognate genes. In plants, this can occur at both the transcriptional and the post-transcriptional levels; however, in animals, only post-transcriptional RNAi has been reported to date. In both plants and animals, RNAi is characterized by the presence of RNAs of about 22 nucleotides in length that are homologous to the gene that is being suppressed. These 22-nucleotide sequences serve as guide sequences that instruct a multicomponent nuclease, RISC, to destroy specific messenger RNAs. Here we identify an enzyme, Dicer, which can produce putative guide RNAs. Dicer is a member of the RNase III family of nucleases that specifically cleave double-stranded RNAs, and is evolutionarily conserved in worms, flies, plants, fungi and mammals. The enzyme has a distinctive structure, which includes a helicase domain and dual RNase III motifs. Dicer also contains a region of homology to the RDE1/QDE2/ARGONAUTE family that has been genetically linked to RNAi."	0
"Title: RNAi therapeutics: principles, prospects and challenges. Abstract: RNA interference (RNAi) was discovered less than a decade ago and already there are human clinical trials in progress or planned. A major advantage of RNAi versus other antisense based approaches for therapeutic applications is that it utilizes cellular machinery that efficiently allows targeting of complementary transcripts, often resulting in highly potent down-regulation of gene expression. Despite the excitement about this remarkable biological process for sequence specific gene regulation, there are a number of hurdles and concerns that must be overcome prior to making RNAi a real therapeutic modality, which include off-target effects, triggering of type I interferon responses, and effective delivery in vivo. This review discusses mechanistic aspects of RNAi, the potential problem areas and solutions and therapeutic applications. It is anticipated that RNAi will be a major therapeutic modality within the next several years, and clearly warrants intense investigation to fully understand the mechanisms involved."	0
"Title: Human RISC couples microRNA biogenesis and posttranscriptional gene silencing. Abstract: RNA interference is implemented through the action of the RNA-induced silencing complex (RISC). Although Argonaute2 has been identified as the catalytic center of RISC, the RISC polypeptide composition and assembly using short interfering RNA (siRNA) duplexes has remained elusive. Here we show that RISC is composed of Dicer, the double-stranded RNA binding protein TRBP, and Argonaute2. We demonstrate that this complex can cleave target RNA using precursor microRNA (pre-miRNA) hairpin as the source of siRNA. Although RISC can also utilize duplex siRNA, it displays a nearly 10-fold greater activity using the pre-miRNA Dicer substrate. RISC distinguishes the guide strand of the siRNA from the passenger strand and specifically incorporates the guide strand. Importantly, ATP is not required for miRNA processing, RISC assembly, or multiple rounds of target-RNA cleavage. These results define the composition of RISC and demonstrate that miRNA processing and target-RNA cleavage are coupled."	0
"Title: Deregulation of RNA polymerase III transcription in cervical epithelium in response to high-risk human papillomavirus. Abstract: RNA polymerase (pol) III transcription is a major determinant of biosynthetic capacity, providing essential products such as tRNA and 5S rRNA. It is controlled directly by the tumour suppressors RB and p53. High-risk types of human papillomavirus (HPV), such as HPV16, express the oncoproteins E6 and E7 that can inactivate p53 and RB, respectively. Accordingly, both E6 and E7 stimulate pol III transcription in cultured cells. HPV16-positive cervical biopsies express elevated levels of tRNA and 5S rRNA when compared to biopsies that test negative for HPV or are infected with the lower risk HPV11. Integration of viral DNA into the host cell genome stimulates expression of E6 and E7 and correlates with induction of tRNA and 5S rRNA. Expression of mRNA encoding the pol III-specific transcription factor Brf1 also correlates with the presence of integrated HPV16. Brf1 levels are limiting for tRNA and 5S rRNA synthesis in cervical cells. Furthermore, pol III-transcribed genes that do not use Brf1 are not induced in HPV16-positive biopsies. Three complementary mechanisms may therefore allow high-risk HPV to stimulate production of tRNA and 5S rRNA: E6-mediated removal of p53; E7-mediated neutralization of RB; and induction of Brf1. The resultant increase in biosynthetic capacity may contribute to deregulated cell growth."	0
"Title: Modular degradable dendrimers enable small RNAs to extend survival in an aggressive liver cancer model. Abstract: RNA-based cancer therapies are hindered by the lack of delivery vehicles that avoid cancer-induced organ dysfunction, which exacerbates carrier toxicity. We address this issue by reporting modular degradable dendrimers that achieve the required combination of high potency to tumors and low hepatotoxicity to provide a pronounced survival benefit in an aggressive genetic cancer model. More than 1,500 dendrimers were synthesized using sequential, orthogonal reactions where ester degradability was systematically integrated with chemically diversified cores, peripheries, and generations. A lead dendrimer, 5A2-SC8, provided a broad therapeutic window: identified as potent [EC50 < 0.02 mg/kg siRNA against FVII (siFVII)] in dose-response experiments, and well tolerated in separate toxicity studies in chronically ill mice bearing MYC-driven tumors (>75 mg/kg dendrimer repeated dosing). Delivery of let-7 g microRNA (miRNA) mimic inhibited tumor growth and dramatically extended survival. Efficacy stemmed from a combination of a small RNA with the dendrimer's own negligible toxicity, therefore illuminating an underappreciated complication in treating cancer with RNA-based drugs."	0
"Title: The Drosha-DGCR8 complex in primary microRNA processing. Abstract: RNase III proteins play key roles in microRNA (miRNA) biogenesis. The nuclear RNase III Drosha cleaves primary miRNAs (pri-miRNAs) to release hairpin-shaped pre-miRNAs that are subsequently cut by the cytoplasmic RNase III Dicer to generate mature miRNAs. While Dicer (class III) and other simple RNase III proteins (class I) have been studied intensively, the class II enzyme Drosha remains to be characterized. Here we dissected the action mechanism of human Drosha by generating mutants and by characterizing its new interacting partner, DGCR8. The basic action mechanism of Drosha was found to be similar to that of human Dicer; the RNase III domains A and B form an intramolecular dimer and cleave the 3' and 5' strands of the stem, respectively. Human Drosha fractionates at approximately 650 kDa, indicating that Drosha functions as a large complex. In this complex, Drosha interacts with DGCR8, which contains two double-stranded RNA (dsRNA)-binding domains. By RNAi and biochemical reconstitution, we show that DGCR8 may be an essential component of the pri-miRNA processing complex, along with Drosha. Based on these results, we propose a model for the action mechanism of class II RNase III proteins."	0
"Title: Whole blood-derived miRNA profiles as potential new tools for ovarian cancer screening. Abstract: Screening is an unsolved problem for ovarian cancer (OvCA). As late detection is equivalent to poor prognosis, we analysed whether OvCA patients show diagnostically meaningful microRNA (miRNA) patterns in blood cells. Methods: Blood-borne whole miRNome profiles from 24 patients with OvCA and 15 age- and sex-matched healthy controls were biostatistically evaluated. Results: Student's t-test revealed 147 significantly deregulated miRNAs before and 4 after Benjamini-Hochberg adjustment. Although these included miRNAs already linked to OvCA (e.g., miR-16, miR-155), others had never before been connected to specific diseases. A bioinformatically calculated miRNA profile allowed for discrimination between blood samples of OvCA patients and healthy controls with an accuracy of >76%. When only cancers of the serous subtype were considered and compared with an extended control group (n=39), accuracy, specificity and sensitivity all increased to >85%. Conclusion: Our proof-of-principle study strengthens the hypothesis that neoplastic diseases generate characteristic miRNA fingerprints in blood cells. Still, the obtained OvCA-associated miRNA pattern is not yet sensitive and specific enough to permit the monitoring of disease progression or even preventive screening. Microarray-based miRNA profiling from peripheral blood could thus be combined with other markers to improve the notoriously difficult but important screening for OvCA."	0
"Title: Pivotal role of reduced let-7g expression in breast cancer invasion and metastasis. Abstract: Screening of the entire let-7 family of microRNAs (miRNA) by in situ hybridization identified let-7g as the only member, the diminished expression of which was significantly associated with lymph node metastasis and poor survival in breast cancer patients. Abrogation of let-7g expression in otherwise nonmetastatic mammary carcinoma cells elicited rapid metastasis from the orthotopic location, through preferential targets, Grb2-associated binding protein 2 (GAB2) and fibronectin 1 (FN1), and consequent activation of p44/42 mitogen-activated protein kinase (MAPK) and specific matrix metalloproteinases. Treatment with estrogen or epidermal growth factor specifically reduced the expression of mature let-7g through activation of p44/42 MAPK and subsequently stimulated expression of GAB2 and FN1, which, in turn, promoted tumor invasion. We thus identify let-7g as a unique member of the let-7 miRNA family that can serve as a prognostic biomarker in breast cancer and also propose a paradigm used by specific signaling molecules via let-7g to cooperatively promote breast cancer invasion and metastasis. Thus, let-7 family members neither possess equivalent clinicopathologic correlation nor function in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Circulating biomarkers for detection of ovarian cancer and predicting cancer outcomes. Abstract: Securing a diagnosis of ovarian cancer and establishing means to predict outcomes to therapeutics remain formidable clinical challenges. Early diagnosis is particularly important since survival rates are markedly improved if tumour is detected early. Methods: Comprehensive miRNA profiles were generated on presurgical plasma samples from 42 women with confirmed serous epithelial ovarian cancer, 36 women diagnosed with a benign neoplasm, and 23 comparably age-matched women with no known pelvic mass. Results: Twenty-two miRNAs were differentially expressed between healthy controls and the ovarian cancer group (P<0.05), while a six miRNA profile subset distinguished presurgical plasma from benign and ovarian cancer patients. There were also significant differences in miRNA profiles in presurgical plasma from women diagnosed with ovarian cancer who had short overall survival when compared to women with long overall survival (P<0.05). Conclusion: Our preliminary data support the utility of circulating plasma miRNAs to distinguish women with ovarian cancer from those with a benign mass and identify women likely to benefit from currently available treatment for serous epithelial ovarian cancer from those who may not."	0
"Title: Exosomes in human semen carry a distinctive repertoire of small non-coding RNAs with potential regulatory functions. Abstract: Semen contains relatively ill-defined regulatory components that likely aid fertilization, but which could also interfere with defense against infection. Each ejaculate contains trillions of exosomes, membrane-enclosed subcellular microvesicles, which have immunosuppressive effects on cells important in the genital mucosa. Exosomes in general are believed to mediate inter-cellular communication, possibly by transferring small RNA molecules. We found that seminal exosome (SE) preparations contain a substantial amount of RNA from 20 to 100 nucleotides (nts) in length. We sequenced 20-40 and 40-100 nt fractions of SE RNA separately from six semen donors. We found various classes of small non-coding RNA, including microRNA (21.7% of the RNA in the 20-40 nt fraction) as well as abundant Y RNAs and tRNAs present in both fractions. Specific RNAs were consistently present in all donors. For example, 10 (of ?2600 known) microRNAs constituted over 40% of mature microRNA in SE. Additionally, tRNA fragments were strongly enriched for 5'-ends of 18-19 or 30-34 nts in length; such tRNA fragments repress translation. Thus, SE could potentially deliver regulatory signals to the recipient mucosa via transfer of small RNA molecules."	0
"Title: Expression profile of circulating microRNAs as a promising fingerprint for cervical cancer diagnosis and monitoring. Abstract: Sensitive and specific biomarkers for the early detection of cervical cancer are urgently required to reduce the high morbidity and mortality of this disease. We previously demonstrated that circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) are correlated with certain types of human cancer. The aim of this study was to investigate the altered profile of serum miRNAs in cervical cancer patients in order to predict cervical cancer at a relative early stage. Serum samples were collected from 213 cervical cancer patients and 158 age- and ethnicity-matched controls. An initial screening of miRNA expression was performed by Solexa sequencing. Differential expression was validated using the stem-loop miRNA quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) assay in individual samples and the samples were arranged by two-phase selection and validation. The Solexa sequencing results revealed 12 markedly upregulated serum miRNAs in cervical cancer patients compared with controls. The reverse transcription-qPCR analysis identified a profile of 5 serum miRNAs (miR-21, -29a, -25, -200a and -486-5p) as a cervical cancer biomarker. The receiver operating characteristic curves indicated that a panel of 5 miRNAs constitutes a more sensitive and specific diagnostic test compared with any single miRNA-based assay, the squamous cell carcinoma antigen or the carbohydrate antigen 125. More importantly, miR-29a and miR-200a may indicate tumor histological grade and progression stage. Therefore, a 5-miRNA signature identified from genome-wide serum miRNA expression profiling may serve as a fingerprint for cervical cancer diagnosis."	0
"Title: Expression profile of microRNAs in serum: a fingerprint for esophageal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: Sensitive and specific biomarkers for the early detection of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) are urgently needed to reduce the high morbidity and mortality of the disease. The discovery of serum microRNAs (miRNAs) and their unique concentration profiles in patients with various diseases makes them attractive, novel noninvasive biomarkers for tumor diagnosis. In this study, we investigated the serum miRNA profile in ESCC patients to develop a novel diagnostic ESCC biomarker. Methods: Serum samples were taken from 290 ESCC patients and 140 age- and sex-matched controls. Solexa sequencing technology was used for an initial screen of miRNAs in serum samples from 141 patients and 40 controls. A hydrolysis probe-based stem-loop quantitative reverse-transcription PCR (RT-qPCR) assay was conducted in the training and verification phases to confirm the concentrations of selected miRNAs in serum samples from 149 patients and 100 controls. Results: The Solexa sequencing results demonstrated marked upregulation of 25 serum miRNAs in ESCC patients compared with controls. RT-qPCR analysis identified a profile of 7 serum miRNAs (miR-10a, miR-22, miR-100, miR-148b, miR-223, miR-133a, and miR-127-3p) as ESCC biomarkers. The area under the ROC curve for the selected miRNAs ranged from 0.817 to 0.949, significantly higher than for carcinoembryonic antigen (0.549; P < 0.0005). More importantly, this panel of 7 miRNAs clearly distinguished stage I/II ESCC patients from controls. Conclusions: This panel of 7 serum miRNAs holds promise as a novel blood-based biomarker for the diagnosis of ESCC."	0
"Title: tRNA-derived microRNA modulates proliferation and the DNA damage response and is down-regulated in B cell lymphoma. Abstract: Sequencing studies from several model systems have suggested that diverse and abundant small RNAs may be derived from tRNA, but the function of these molecules remains undefined. Here, we demonstrate that one such tRNA-derived fragment, cloned from human mature B cells and designated CU1276, in fact possesses the functional characteristics of a microRNA, including a DICER1-dependent biogenesis, physical association with Argonaute proteins, and the ability to repress mRNA transcripts in a sequence-specific manner. Expression of CU1276 is abundant in normal germinal center B cells but absent in germinal center-derived lymphomas, suggesting a role in the pathogenesis of this disease. Furthermore, CU1276 represses endogenous RPA1, an essential gene involved in many aspects of DNA dynamics, and consequently, expression of this tRNA-derived microRNA in a lymphoma cell line suppresses proliferation and modulates the molecular response to DNA damage. These results establish that functionally active microRNAs can be derived from tRNA, thus defining a class of genetic entities with potentially important biological roles."	0
"Title: Identification of ovarian cancer metastatic miRNAs. Abstract: Serous epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) patients often succumb to aggressive metastatic disease, yet little is known about the behavior and genetics of ovarian cancer metastasis. Here, we aim to understand how omental metastases differ from primary tumors and how these differences may influence chemotherapy. We analyzed the miRNA expression profiles of primary EOC tumors and their respective omental metastases from 9 patients using miRNA Taqman qPCR arrays. We find 17 miRNAs with differential expression in omental lesions compared to primary tumors. miR-21, miR-150, and miR-146a have low expression in most primary tumors with significantly increased expression in omental lesions, with concomitant decreased expression of predicted mRNA targets based on mRNA expression. We find that miR-150 and miR-146a mediate spheroid size. Both miR-146a and miR-150 increase the number of residual surviving cells by 2-4 fold when challenged with lethal cisplatin concentrations. These observations suggest that at least two of the miRNAs, miR-146a and miR-150, up-regulated in omental lesions, stimulate survival and increase drug tolerance. Our observations suggest that cancer cells in omental tumors express key miRNAs differently than primary tumors, and that at least some of these microRNAs may be critical regulators of the emergence of drug resistant disease."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-200c and microRNA-31 regulate proliferation, colony formation, migration and invasion in serous ovarian cancer. Abstract: Serous epithelial ovarian cancer (SEOC) is a highly metastatic disease and its progression has been implicated with microRNAs. This study aimed to identify the differentially expressed microRNAs in Malaysian patients with SEOC and examine the microRNAs functional roles in SEOC cells. Methods: Twenty-two SEOC and twenty-two normal samples were subjected to miRNA expression profiling using the locked nucleic acid (LNA) quantitative real-time PCR (qPCR). The localization of miR-200c was determined via LNA in situ hybridization (ISH). Functional analysis of miR-200c and miR-31 on cell proliferation, migration and invasion and clonogenic cell survival were assessed in vitro. The putative target genes of the two miRNAs were predicted by miRWalk program and expression of the target genes in SEOC cell lines was validated. Results: The miRNA expression profiling revealed thirty-eight significantly dysregulated miRNAs in SEOC compared to normal ovarian tissues. Of these, eighteen were up-regulated whilst twenty miRNAs were down-regulated. We observed chromogenic miR-200c-ISH signal predominantly in the cytoplasmic compartment of both epithelial and inflammatory cancer cells. Re-expression of miR-200c significantly increased the cell proliferation and colony formation but reduced the migration and invasion of SEOC cells. In addition, miR-200c expression was inversely proportionate with the expression of deleted in liver cancer-1 (DLC-1) gene. Over-expression of miR-31 in SEOC cells resulted in decreased cell proliferation, clonogenic potential, cell migration and invasion. Meanwhile, miR-31 gain-of-function led to the down-regulation of AF4/FMR2 family member 1 (AFF1) gene. Conclusions: These data suggested that miR-200c and miR-31 may play roles in the SEOC metastasis biology and could be considered as promising targets for therapeutic purposes."	0
"Title: Characterization of microRNA expression in serous ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: Serous ovarian cancer is a major gynecologic malignancy with a poor 5?year survival rate. However, little is known regarding the behavior and genetics of ovarian tumorigenesis. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been shown to be dysregulated in ovarian carcinomas. To assess the miRNA expression profiles in serous ovarian cancer, we defined the patterns of miRNA expression in 100 formalin?fixed, paraffin?embedded ovarian cancer tissues blocks as well as 50 corresponding normal oviduct tissues using miRNA microarray. MiRNA expression profiling showed that 63 miRNAs were downregulated and 43 miRNAs were upregulated in serous ovarian cancer tissues compared with control tissues. The expression of five dysregulated miRNAs was validated using quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT?qPCR). GO term and pathway analysis revealed that the biological process of the cell cycle was significantly enriched and the MAPK signaling pathway was highly involved in the progression of ovarian cancer. The results suggested that the aberrant expression of miRNAs is involved in ovarian carcinogenesis and thus these miRNAs may function as diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA-21 as a potential diagnostic biomarker for breast cancer: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Abstract: Serum microRNA-21 (miR-21) expression has been shown to be significantly up-regulated in breast cancer, which implies that it could be a biomarker to discriminate breast cancer patients from healthy controls. We therefore performed this meta-analysis to assess the diagnostic value of miR-21 for breast cancer. Relevant articles were collected from PubMed, Scopus, Embase, the Cochrane Library, BioMed Central, ISI Web of Knowledge, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wan Fang Data and Technology of Chongqing databases, from inception to June 10, 2014 by two independent researchers. Diagnostic capacity of miR-21 for breast cancer was assessed using pooled sensitivity and specificity, diagnostic odds ratio (DOR), area under the summary receiver operating characteristic (AUC) and Fagan's nomogram. Meta-Disc software and Stata SE 12.0 were used to investigate the source of heterogeneity and to perform the meta-analysis. We used six studies with a total of 438 patients and 228 healthy controls in this meta-analysis. The pooled sensitivity, specificity and DOR were 0.79 [95 % confidence interval (CI) 0.66-0.87], 0.85 (95 % CI 0.75-0.91) and 19.46 (95 % CI 8.74-43.30), respectively; positive and negative likelihood ratios were 5 and 0.25, and AUC was 0.89 (95 % CI 0.86-0.91). In addition, heterogeneity was clearly apparent but was not caused by the threshold effect. This meta-analysis suggests that miR-21 is a potential biomarker for early diagnosis of breast cancer with high sensitivity and specificity, and its clinical application warrants further investigation."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA-205 as a novel biomarker for cervical cancer patients. Abstract: Serum microRNAs (miRNAs) are a novel class of diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers for numerous cancers. However, the level and clinical relevance of circulating miR-205 transcripts in human serum of cervical cancer patients are unclear. The purpose of this study was to determine serum miR-205 levels in cervical cancer patients and explore its association with clinicopathological factors and prognosis. Methods: Serum miR-205 expression was investigated in 60 cervical cancer patients and 60 healthy normal controls by using real-time PCR. Correlations between miR-205 expression and the clinicopathological features and prognosis of cervical cancer patients were then evaluated. Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to evaluate the sensitivity and specificity of serum miR-205. Results: Serum miR-205 was significantly upregulated in cervical cancer patients compared with healthy donors (p < 0.01), and a high level of miR-205 expression was correlated with poor tumor differentiation (p = 0.009), lymph node metastasis (p = 0.015) and increased tumor stage (p = 0.001). The serum miR-205 level was capable of separating advanced stage from early stage metastatic cervical cancer from non-metastatic samples and poorly differentiated tumors from differentiated tumors with an area under the curve values of 0.74, 0.694 and 0.717, respectively. The expression of miR-205 was also higher in the cervical cancer tissues compared with the para-carcinoma tissues. In addition, Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that cervical cancer patients with high miR-205 expression tended to have shorter overall survival. In multivariate Cox regression analysis, miR-205 was identified as an independent prognostic marker. Conclusions: Serum miR-205, which is upregulated in cervical cancer, represents a predictive biomarker for the prognosis of cervical cancer patients."	0
"Title: Combination of MiR-378 and MiR-210 Serum Levels Enables Sensitive Detection of Renal Cell Carcinoma. Abstract: Serum microRNAs are emerging as a clinically useful tool for early and non-invasive detection of various cancer types including renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Based on our previous results, we performed the study to analyze circulating serum miR-378 and miR-210 in patients with various histological subtypes of RCC. RNA was purified from blood serum samples of 195 RCC patients and 100 healthy controls. The levels of miR-378 and miR-210 in serum were determined absolutely using quantitative real-time PCR. Pre- and postoperative levels of both microRNAs were compared in 20 RCC patients. Significantly increased serum levels of both miR-378 and miR-210 enabled to clearly distinguish RCC patients and healthy controls with 80% sensitivity and 78% specificity if analyzed in combination (p<0.0001), and their levels significantly decreased in the time period of three months after radical nephrectomy (p<0.0001). Increased level of miR-378 positively correlates with disease-free survival (p=0.036) and clinical stage (p=0.0476). The analysis of serum miR-378 and miR-210 proved their potential to serve as powerful non-invasive diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers in RCC."	0
"Title: Comparative marker analysis of extracellular vesicles in different human cancer types. Abstract: Several cell types, including tumour cells, secrete extracellular vesicles (EVs), and tumour-derived EVs play a role in cancer initiation and progression. These vesicles include both a common set of membrane and cytosolic proteins and origin-specific subsets of proteins that likely correlated to cell type-associated functions. To confirm the presence of EVs in the preparations, researchers have identified so-called EV marker proteins, including the tetraspanin family proteins and such cytosolic proteins as heat shock 70 kDa protein 4 (HSP70) and tumour susceptibility gene 101 (TSG101). However, studies have shown that some EV markers are not always present in all EVs, which not only complicates the identification of EVs but also precludes the quantitative evaluation of EV proteins. Thus, it is strongly required to explore well-conserved EV marker proteins that are present at similar levels, regardless of their tissue or cellular origin. In this study, we compared the presence of 11 well-known EV marker proteins by immunoblotting using EVs isolated from 4 human prostate cell lines and 5 human breast cell lines, including cancer cells with different phenotypes. We found that all the tested EVs were positive for CD9 and CD81, with similar abundance that was irrespective of the EV origin. In contrast, other EV marker proteins, such as TSG101, Rab-5b and CD63, were detected in an inconsistent manner, depending on the origin of the EVs. Thus, we propose that the detection of CD9 and/or CD81 should ensure the presence of EVs."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in cancer: from developmental genes in worms to their clinical application in patients. Abstract: Several discoveries have paved the way to personalise cancer medicine and a tremendous gain of knowledge in genomics and molecular mechanisms of cancer progression cumulated over the last years. Big stories in biology commonly start in a simple model system. No wonder microRNAs have been identified as regulators of embryonic development in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. From the first identification in worms to the first-in-man microRNA-based clinical trial in humans, almost 20 years passed. In this review we follow the story of understanding microRNA alterations in cancer, describe recent developments in the microRNA field and critically discuss their potential as diagnostic, prognostic and therapeutics factors in cancer medicine. We will explain the rationale behind the use of microRNAs in cancer diagnosis and prognosis prediction, but also discuss the limitations and pitfalls associated with this. Novel developments of combined microRNA/siRNA pharmacological approaches will be discussed and most recently data about MXR34, the first-tested microRNA drug will be described."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNA-21 as a novel biomarker for hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Several groups have reported the significance of circulating microRNA as a biochemical marker of cancer. To our knowledge, however, there are no reports on the significance of circulating microRNA in hepatocellular carcinoma. The aim of this study was to evaluate the significance of plasma microRNA-21 level as a biochemical marker for hepatocellular carcinoma. Methods: Plasma microRNA-21 level was measured by qRT-PCR in 10 patients before and after curative resection of hepatocellular carcinoma. Plasma microRNA-21 was also compared in other groups of: 126 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma, 30 patients with chronic hepatitis, and 50 healthy volunteers. The power of microRNA-21 in differentiating hepatocellular carcinoma from chronic hepatitis or from healthy volunteers was compared to that of ?-fetoprotein. Results: In the 10-patient group, plasma microRNA-21 levels significantly diminished after surgery compared with the pre-operative values (p=0.0125). Plasma microRNA-21 level in the 126 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma was significantly higher than in patients with chronic hepatitis and healthy volunteers (p<0.0001, p<0.0001, respectively). ROC analysis of plasma microRNA-21 yielded an AUC of 0.773 with 61.1% sensitivity and 83.3% specificity when differentiating hepatocellular carcinoma from chronic hepatitis, and an AUC of 0.953 with 87.3% sensitivity and 92.0% specificity when differentiating hepatocellular carcinoma from healthy volunteers. Both sets of values were superior to ?-fetoprotein and improved for the combination of microRNA-21 and ?-fetoprotein. Conclusions: Plasma microRNA-21 level is a promising biochemical marker for hepatocellular carcinoma."	0
"Title: MicroRNA cluster 221-222 and estrogen receptor alpha interactions in breast cancer. Abstract: Several lines of evidence have suggested that estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha)-negative breast tumors, which are highly aggressive and nonresponsive to hormonal therapy, arise from ERalpha-positive precursors through different molecular pathways. Because microRNAs (miRNAs) modulate gene expression, we hypothesized that they may have a role in ER-negative tumor formation. Methods: Gene expression profiles were used to highlight the global changes induced by miRNA modulation of ERalpha protein. miRNA transfection and luciferase assays enabled us to identify new targets of miRNA 206 (miR-206) and miRNA cluster 221-222 (miR-221-222). Northern blot, luciferase assays, estradiol treatment, and chromatin immunoprecipitation were performed to identify the miR-221-222 transcription unit and the mechanism implicated in its regulation. Results: Different global changes in gene expression were induced by overexpression of miR-221-222 and miR-206 in ER-positive cells. miR-221 and -222 increased proliferation of ERalpha-positive cells, whereas miR-206 had an inhibitory effect (mean absorbance units [AU]: miR-206: 500 AU, 95% confidence interval [CI]) = 480 to 520; miR-221: 850 AU, 95% CI = 810 to 873; miR-222: 879 AU, 95% CI = 850 to 893; P < .05). We identified hepatocyte growth factor receptor and forkhead box O3 as new targets of miR-206 and miR-221-222, respectively. We demonstrated that ERalpha negatively modulates miR-221 and -222 through the recruitment of transcriptional corepressor partners: nuclear receptor corepressor and silencing mediator of retinoic acid and thyroid hormone receptor. Conclusions: These findings suggest that the negative regulatory loop involving miR-221-222 and ERalpha may confer proliferative advantage and migratory activity to breast cancer cells and promote the transition from ER-positive to ER-negative tumors."	0
"Title: miR-29a suppresses tristetraprolin, which is a regulator of epithelial polarity and metastasis. Abstract: Several microRNAs (miRNAs) have recently been described as crucial regulators of epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and metastasis. By comparing the expression profiles of miRNAs, we found upregulation of miR-29a in mesenchymal, metastatic RasXT cells relative to epithelial EpRas cells. Overexpression of miR-29a suppressed the expression of tristetraprolin (TTP), a protein involved in the degradation of messenger RNAs with AU-rich 3'-untranslated regions, and led to EMT and metastasis in cooperation with oncogenic Ras signalling. We also observed enhanced miR-29a and reduced TTP levels in breast cancer patient samples, indicating relevance for human disease. Previously, miR-29 family members were shown to have tumour-suppressive effects in haematopoietic, cholangiocytic and lung tumours. Therefore, miRNAs can act as either oncogenes or tumour suppressors, depending on the context."	0
"Title: microRNA-136 inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis and radiosensitivity of cervical carcinoma through the NF-?B pathway by targeting E2F1. Abstract: Several microRNAs (miRs) are expressed aberrantly and associated with progression, tumorigenesis, and prognosis of haematological and solid tumors. The study aimed to identify the effects involved with microRNA-136 (miR-136) on the concurrent enhancement of proliferation, apoptosis and radiosensitivity of cervical carcinoma through the NF-?B signaling pathway by targeting E2F1. Main methods: Totally 338 patients with cervical carcinoma were recruited in this study. The expressions of miR-136, E2F1, p65, CyclinD1, Atm, Chk2, Bcl-2, Survivin and Bax were detected using RT-qPCR and Western blot analysis. Cells with highest miR-136 expression were subsequently assigned into different groups. Cell survival and apoptosis rate were detected by colony formation assay and flow cytometry, respectively. Key findings: Compared to the sensitivity group, E2F1, p65, Bcl-2 and Survivin exhibited increased levels, while expression of CyclinD1, Atm, Chk2, Bax and miR-136 was reduced in the confrontation group. Cell survival rate was declined at 6 and 8 Gy of X-ray irradiation compared with 0, 2 and 4 Gy. Compared with the blank and NC groups, expression of E2F1, p65, Bcl-2 and Survivin was increased, while that of CyclinD1, Atm, Chk2, Bax and miR-136 was all decreased. The cell survival rate was increased; while apoptosis rate was decreased in the miR-136 inhibitor group. The trends observed in the miR-136 mimics and siRNA-E2F1 groups were contradictory to the miR-136 inhibitor group. Significance: Based on our results, miR-136 inhibits proliferation, while acting to promote apoptosis and radiosensitivity in cervical carcinoma by targeting E2F1 through the NF-?B signaling pathway, resulting in improved prognoses."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-301 mediates proliferation and invasion in human breast cancer. Abstract: Several microRNAs have been implicated in human breast cancer but none to date have been validated or utilized consistently in clinical management. MicroRNA-301 (miR-301) overexpression has been implicated as a negative prognostic indicator in lymph node negative (LNN) invasive ductal breast cancer, but its potential functional impact has not been determined. Here we report that in breast cancer cells, miR-301 attenuation decreased cell proliferation, clonogenicity, migration, invasion, tamoxifen resistance, tumor growth, and microvessel density, establishing an important oncogenic role for this gene. Algorithm-based and experimental strategies identified FOXF2, BBC3, PTEN, and COL2A1 as candidate miR-301 targets, all of which were verified as direct targets through luciferase reporter assays. We noted that miR-301 is located in an intron of the SKA2 gene which is responsible for kinetochore assembly, and both genes were found to be coexpressed in primary breast cancer samples. In summary, our findings define miR-301 as a crucial oncogene in human breast cancer that acts through multiple pathways and mechanisms to promote nodal or distant relapses."	0
"Title: A versatile vector for gene and oligonucleotide transfer into cells in culture and in vivo: polyethylenimine. Abstract: Several polycations possessing substantial buffering capacity below physiological pH, such as lipopolyamines and polyamidoamine polymers, are efficient transfection agents per se--i.e., without the addition of cell targeting or membrane-disruption agents. This observation led us to test the cationic polymer polyethylenimine (PEI) for its gene-delivery potential. Indeed, every third atom of PEI is a protonable amino nitrogen atom, which makes the polymeric network an effective ""proton sponge"" at virtually any pH. Luciferase reporter gene transfer with this polycation into a variety of cell lines and primary cells gave results comparable to, or even better than, lipopolyamines. Cytotoxicity was low and seen only at concentrations well above those required for optimal transfection. Delivery of oligonucleotides into embryonic neurons was followed by using a fluorescent probe. Virtually all neurons showed nuclear labeling, with no toxic effects. The optimal PEI cation/anion balance for in vitro transfection is only slightly on the cationic side, which is advantageous for in vivo delivery. Indeed, intracerebral luciferase gene transfer into newborn mice gave results comparable (for a given amount of DNA) to the in vitro transfection of primary rat brain endothelial cells or chicken embryonic neurons. Together, these properties make PEI a promising vector for gene therapy and an outstanding core for the design of more sophisticated devices. Our hypothesis is that its efficiency relies on extensive lysosome buffering that protects DNA from nuclease degradation, and consequent lysosomal swelling and rupture that provide an escape mechanism for the PEI/DNA particles."	0
"Title: microRNAs join the p53 network--another piece in the tumour-suppression puzzle. Abstract: Several recent studies have found a conserved microRNA (miRNA) family, the miR-34s, to be direct transcriptional targets of p53. miR-34 activation can recapitulate elements of p53 activity, including induction of cell-cycle arrest and promotion of apoptosis, and loss of miR-34 can impair p53-mediated cell death. These data reinforce the growing awareness that non-coding RNAs are key players in tumour development by placing miRNAs in a central role in a well-known tumour-suppressor network."	0
"Title: Circulating miR-483-3p and miR-21 is highly expressed in plasma of pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Several recent studies have revealed that microRNAs (miRNAs) have a role in carcinogenesis and cancer development, and that it is stably detectable in plasma/serum. The aim of this study was to test whether miR?483-3p as well as miR?21 could be plasma biomarkers for PDAC. The plasma samples were obtained from three groups including 32 pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) patients, 12 patients with intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (IPMN) patients and 30 healthy controls (HC). We evaluated the plasma miR?483-3p and miR?21 expression level by quantitative RT-PCR. We compared the differences in the plasma level of these miRNAs among the three groups, and investigated the relevance of their plasma expression level to the clinical factors in PDAC. The expressions of miR?483-3p and miR?21 were detected in all examined plasma samples. The plasma expression levels of these miRNAs were significantly higher in PDAC compared to HC (P<0.01). The plasma miR?483-3p expression was significantly higher in PDAC patients than IPMN patients (P<0.05). The plasma miR?21 level was associated with advanced stage (P<0.05), metastasis to lymph node and liver (P<0.01), and shorter survival (P<0.01) of the PDAC patients. Together, these findings suggest that measurement of the plasma miR?483-3p level is useful for discriminating PDAC from IPMN, and that the plasma miR?21 level predicts outcome of PDAC patients."	0
"Title: miR-34a inhibits migration and invasion by down-regulation of c-Met expression in human hepatocellular carcinoma cells. Abstract: Several studies have shown that miR-34a represses the expression of many genes and induces G1 arrest, apoptosis, and senescence. In the present study, we identified the role of miR-34a in the regulation of tumor cell scattering, migration, and invasion. Down-regulation of miR-34a expression was highly significant in 19 of 25 (76%) human hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) tissues compared with adjacent normal tissues and associated with the metastasis and invasion of tumors. Furthermore, resected normal/tumor tissues of 25 HCC patients demonstrated an inverse correlation between miR-34a and c-Met-protein. In HepG2 cells, ectopic expression of miR-34a potently inhibited tumor cell migration and invasion in a c-Met-dependent manner. miR-34a directly targeted c-Met and reduced both mRNA and protein levels of c-Met; thus, decreased c-Met-induced phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2). Taken together, these results provide evidence to show the suppression role of miR-34a in tumor migration and invasion through modulation of the c-Met signaling pathway."	0
"Title: Induction of broad and potent anti-human immunodeficiency virus immune responses in rhesus macaques by priming with a DNA vaccine and boosting with protein-adsorbed polylactide coglycolide microparticles. Abstract: Several vaccine technologies were evaluated for their abilities to induce anti-human immunodeficiency virus Gag immune responses in rhesus macaques. While no vaccine alone was able to induce broad and strong immune responses, these were achieved by priming with Gag DNA and boosting with Gag protein adsorbed to polylactide coglycolide microparticles. This regimen elicited strong antibodies, helper T cells, and cytotoxic T lymphocytes and thus holds promise as an effective vaccination scheme."	0
"Title: Sex hormone-dependent tRNA halves enhance cell proliferation in breast and prostate cancers. Abstract: Sex hormones and their receptors play critical roles in the development and progression of the breast and prostate cancers. Here we report that a novel type of transfer RNA (tRNA)-derived small RNA, termed Sex HOrmone-dependent TRNA-derived RNAs (SHOT-RNAs), are specifically and abundantly expressed in estrogen receptor (ER)-positive breast cancer and androgen receptor (AR)-positive prostate cancer cell lines. SHOT-RNAs are not abundantly present in ER(-) breast cancer, AR(-) prostate cancer, or other examined cancer cell lines from other tissues. ER-dependent accumulation of SHOT-RNAs is not limited to a cell culture system, but it also occurs in luminal-type breast cancer patient tissues. SHOT-RNAs are produced from aminoacylated mature tRNAs by angiogenin-mediated anticodon cleavage, which is promoted by sex hormones and their receptors. Resultant 5'- and 3'-SHOT-RNAs, corresponding to 5'- and 3'-tRNA halves, bear a cyclic phosphate (cP) and an amino acid at the 3'-end, respectively. By devising a ""cP-RNA-seq"" method that is able to exclusively amplify and sequence cP-containing RNAs, we identified the complete repertoire of 5'-SHOT-RNAs. Furthermore, 5'-SHOT-RNA, but not 3'-SHOT-RNA, has significant functional involvement in cell proliferation. These results have unveiled a novel tRNA-engaged pathway in tumorigenesis of hormone-dependent cancers and implicate SHOT-RNAs as potential candidates for biomarkers and therapeutic targets."	0
"Title: Shikonin suppresses proliferation and induces apoptosis in endometrioid endometrial cancer cells via modulating miR-106b/PTEN/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Abstract: Shikonin, a natural naphthoquinone isolated from a traditional Chinese medicinal herb, which exerts anticancer effects in various cancers. However, the molecular mechanisms underlying the therapeutic effects of shikonin against endometrioid endometrial cancer (EEC) have not yet been fully elucidated. Herein, we investigated anticancer effects of shikonin on EEC cells and explored the underlying molecular mechanism. We observed that shikonin inhibits proliferation in human EEC cell lines in a dose-dependent manner. Moreover, shikonin-induced apoptosis was characterized by the up-regulation of the pro-apoptotic proteins cleaved-Caspase-3 and Bax, and the down-regulation of the anti-apoptotic protein Bcl-2. Microarray analyses demonstrated that shikonin induces many miRNAs' dysregulation, andmiR-106bwas one of the miRNAs being most significantly down-regulated.miR-106bwas identified to exert procancer effect in various cancers, but in EEC remains unclear. We first confirmed thatmiR-106bis up-regulated in EEC tissues and cells, and knockdown ofmiR-106bsuppresses proliferation and promotes apoptosis. Meanwhile, our results validated that the restored expression ofmiR-106babrogates the antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effects of shikonin. We also identified thatmiR-106btargets phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN), a tumor suppressor gene, which in turn modulates AKT/mTOR signaling pathway. Our findings indicated that shikonin inhibits proliferation and promotes apoptosis in human EEC cells by modulating themiR-106b/PTEN/AKT/mTOR signaling pathway, suggesting shikonin could act a potential therapeutic agent in the EEC treatment."	0
"Title: Sequence-dependent stimulation of the mammalian innate immune response by synthetic siRNA. Abstract: Short interfering RNAs (siRNAs) that mediate specific gene silencing through RNA interference (RNAi) are widely used to study gene function and are also being developed for therapeutic applications. Many nucleic acids, including double- (dsRNA) and single-stranded RNA (ssRNA), can stimulate innate cytokine responses in mammals. Despite this, few studies have questioned whether siRNA may have a similar effect on the immune system. This could significantly influence the in vivo application of siRNA owing to off-target effects and toxicities associated with immune stimulation. Here we report that synthetic siRNAs formulated in nonviral delivery vehicles can be potent inducers of interferons and inflammatory cytokines both in vivo in mice and in vitro in human blood. The immunostimulatory activity of formulated siRNAs and the associated toxicities are dependent on the nucleotide sequence. We have identified putative immunostimulatory motifs that have allowed the design of siRNAs that can mediate RNAi but induce minimal immune activation."	0
"Title: Reduced accumulation of specific microRNAs in colorectal neoplasia. Abstract: Short non-coding RNAs are known to regulate cellular processes including development, heterochromatin formation, and genomic stability in eukaryotes. Given the impact of these processes on cellular identity, a study was undertaken to investigate possible changes in microRNA (miRNA) levels during tumorigenesis. A total of 28 different miRNA sequences was identified in a colonic adenocarcinoma and normal mucosa, including 3 novel sequences and a further 7 that had previously been cloned only from mice. Human homologues of murine miRNA sequences, miR-143 and miR-145, consistently display reduced steady-state levels of the mature miRNA at the adenomatous and cancer stages of colorectal neoplasia."	0
"Title: Interleukin-6 dependent survival of multiple myeloma cells involves the Stat3-mediated induction of microRNA-21 through a highly conserved enhancer. Abstract: Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (Stat3) is implicated in the pathogenesis of many malignancies and essential for IL-6-dependent survival and growth of multiple myeloma cells. Here, we demonstrate that the gene encoding oncogenic microRNA-21 (miR-21) is controlled by an upstream enhancer containing 2 Stat3 binding sites strictly conserved since the first observed evolutionary appearance of miR-21 and Stat3. MiR-21 induction by IL-6 was strictly Stat3 dependent. Ectopically raising miR-21 expression in myeloma cells in the absence of IL-6 significantly reduced their apoptosis levels. These data provide strong evidence that miR-21 induction contributes to the oncogenic potential of Stat3."	0
"Title: MicroRNA: master controllers of intracellular signaling pathways. Abstract: Signaling pathways are essential intracellular networks that coordinate molecular outcomes to external stimuli. Tight regulation of these pathways is essential to ensure an appropriate response. MicroRNA (miRNA) is a class of small, non-coding RNA that regulates gene expression at a post-transcriptional level by binding to the complementary sequence on target mRNA, thus limiting protein translation. Intracellular pathways are controlled by protein regulators, such as suppressor of cytokine signaling and A20. Until recently, expression of these classical protein regulators was thought to be controlled solely by transcriptional induction and proteasomal degradation; however, there is a growing body of evidence describing their regulation by miRNA. This new information has transformed our understanding of cell signaling by adding a previously unknown layer of regulatory control. This review outlines the miRNA regulation of these classical protein regulators and describes their broad effects at both cellular and disease levels. We review the regulation of three important signaling pathways, including the JAK/STAT, NF-?B, and TGF-? pathways, and summarize an extensive catalog of their regulating miRNAs. This information highlights the importance of the miRNA regulon and reveals a previously unknown regulatory landscape that must be included in the identification and development of novel therapeutic targets for clinical disorders."	0
"Title: Atelocollagen-mediated synthetic small interfering RNA delivery for effective gene silencing in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Silencing gene expression by siRNAs is rapidly becoming a powerful tool for the genetic analysis of mammalian cells. However, the rapid degradation of siRNA and the limited duration of its action call for an efficient delivery technology. Accordingly, we describe here that Atelocollagen complexed with siRNA is resistant to nucleases and is efficiently transduced into cells, thereby allowing long-term gene silencing. Site-specific in vivo administration of an anti-luciferase siRNA/Atelocollagen complex reduced luciferase expression in a xenografted tumor. Furthermore, Atelocollagen-mediated transfer of siRNA in vivo showed efficient inhibition of tumor growth in an orthotopic xenograft model of a human non-seminomatous germ cell tumor. Thus, for clinical applications of siRNA, an Atelocollagen-based non-viral delivery method could be a reliable approach to achieve maximal function of siRNA in vivo."	0
"Title: Tumor-Targeting, MicroRNA-Silencing Porous Silicon Nanoparticles for Ovarian Cancer Therapy. Abstract: Silencing of aberrantly expressed microRNAs (miRNAs or miRs) has emerged as one of the strategies for molecular targeted cancer therapeutics. In particular, miR-21 is an oncogenic miRNA overexpressed in many tumors, including ovarian cancer. To achieve efficient administration of anti-miR therapeutics, delivery systems are needed that can ensure local accumulation in the tumor environment, low systemic toxicity, and reduced adverse side effects. In order to develop an improved anti-miR therapeutic agent for the treatment of ovarian cancer, a nanoformulation is engineered that leverages biodegradable porous silicon nanoparticles (pSiNPs) encapsulating an anti-miR-21 locked nucleic acid payload and displaying a tumor-homing peptide for targeted distribution. Targeting efficacy, miR-21 silencing, and anticancer activity are optimized in vitro on a panel of ovarian cancer cell lines, and a formulation of anti-miR-21 in a pSiNP displaying the targeting peptide CGKRK is identified for in vivo evaluation. When this nanoparticulate agent is delivered to mice bearing tumor xenografts, a substantial inhibition of tumor growth is achieved through silencing of miR-21. This study presents the first successful application of tumor-targeted anti-miR porous silicon nanoparticles for the treatment of ovarian cancer in a mouse xenograft model."	0
"Title: Efficient delivery of small interfering RNA to bone-metastatic tumors by using atelocollagen in vivo. Abstract: Silencing of gene expression by small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) is rapidly becoming a powerful tool for genetic analysis and represents a potential strategy for therapeutic product development. However, there are no reports of systemic delivery for siRNAs toward treatment of bone-metastatic cancer. Accordingly, we report here that i.v. injection of GL3 luciferase siRNA complexed with atelocollagen showed effective reduction of luciferase expression from bone-metastatic prostate tumor cells developed in mouse thorax, jaws, and/or legs. We also show that the siRNA/atelocollagen complex can be efficiently delivered to tumors 24 h after injection and can exist intact at least for 3 days. Furthermore, atelocollagen-mediated systemic administration of siRNAs such as enhancer of zeste homolog 2 and phosphoinositide 3'-hydroxykinase p110-alpha-subunit, which were selected as candidate targets for inhibition of bone metastasis, resulted in an efficient inhibition of metastatic tumor growth in bone tissues. In addition, upregulation of serum IL-12 and IFN-alpha levels was not associated with the in vivo administration of the siRNA/atelocollagen complex. Thus, for treatment of bone metastasis of prostate cancer, an atelocollagen-mediated systemic delivery method could be a reliable and safe approach to the achievement of maximal function of siRNA."	0
"Title: Systemic in vivo lentiviral delivery of miR-15a/16 reduces malignancy in the NZB de novo mouse model of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Abstract: Similar to human chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), the de novo New Zealand Black (NZB) mouse model has a genetically determined age-associated increase in malignant B-1 clones and decreased expression of microRNAs miR-15a and miR-16 in B-1 cells. In the present study, lentiviral vectors were employed in vivo to restore miR-15a/16, and both the short-term single injection and long-term multiple injection effects of this delivery were observed in NZB. Control lentivirus without the mir-15a/16 sequence was used for comparison. We found that in vivo lentiviral delivery of mir-15a/16 increased miR-15a/16 expression in cells that were transduced (detected by GFP expression) and in sera when compared with control lentivirus treatment. More importantly, mice treated with the miR-expressing lentivirus had decreased disease. The lentivirus had little systemic toxicity while preferentially targeting B-1 cells. Short-term effects on B-1 cells were direct effects, and only malignant B-1 cells transduced with miR-15a/16 lentivirus had decreased viability. In contrast, long-term studies suggested both direct and indirect effects resulting from miR-15a/16 lentivirus treatment. A decrease in B-1 cells was found in both the transduced and non-transduced populations. Our data support the potential use of systemic lentiviral delivery of miR-15a/16 to ameliorate disease manifestations of CLL."	0
"Title: MicroRNA history: discovery, recent applications, and next frontiers. Abstract: Since 1993, when the first small non-coding RNA was identified, our knowledge about microRNAs has grown exponentially. In this review, we focus on the main progress in this field and discuss the most important findings under a historical perspective. In addition, we examine microRNAs as markers of disease diagnosis and prognosis, and as new therapeutic targets."	0
"Title: Snail family regulation and epithelial mesenchymal transitions in breast cancer progression. Abstract: Since its initial description, the interconversion between epithelial and mesenchymal cells (designed as epithelial-mesenchymal or mesenchymal-epithelial transition, EMT or MET, respectively) has received special attention since it provides epithelial cells with migratory features. Different studies using cell lines have identified cytokines, intercellular signaling elements and transcriptional factors capable of regulating this process. Particularly, the identification of Snail family members as key effectors of EMT has opened new ways for the study of this cellular process. In this article we discuss the molecular pathways that control EMT, showing a very tight and interdependent regulation. We also analyze the contribution of EMT and Snail genes in the process of tumorigenesis using the mammary gland as cellular model."	0
"Title: Feasibility of urinary microRNA detection in breast cancer patients and its potential as an innovative non-invasive biomarker. Abstract: Since recent studies revealed the feasibility to detect blood-based microRNAs (miRNAs, miRs) in breast cancer (BC) patients a new field has been opened for circulating miRNAs as potential biomarkers in BC. In this pilot study, we evaluated to our knowledge for the first time whether distinct pattern of urinary miRNAs might be also applicable as innovative biomarkers for BC detection. Methods: Urinary miRNA expression levels of nine BC-related miRNAs (miR-21, miR-34a, miR-125b, miR-155, miR-195, miR-200b, miR-200c, miR-375, miR-451) from 24 untreated, primary BC patients and 24 healthy controls were quantified by realtime-PCR. The receiver operating characteristic analyses (ROC) and logistic regression were calculated to assess discriminatory accuracy. Results: Significant differences were found in the expression of four BC-associated miRNAs quantified as median miRNA expression levels. Urinary miR-155 levels were significantly higher in BC patients compared to healthy controls (1.49vs.0.25; p < 0.001). In contrast, compared to healthy controls, BC patients exhibited significantly lower urinary expression levels of miR-21 (2.27vs.5.07; p < 0.001), miR-125b (0.71vs.1.62; p < 0.001), and miR-451 (0.02vs.0.59 p = 0.004), respectively. The ROC including all miRNAs as well as the group of the four significant deregulated miRNAs separated BC patients from healthy controls with a very high (area under the receiver operating characteristic curve [AUC] = 0.932) and high accuracy (AUC = 0.887), respectively. Conclusions: We were able to demonstrate for the first time the feasibility to detect distinct BC-dependent urinary miRNA profiles. The expression levels of four urinary miRNAs were specifically altered in our cohort of BC patients compared to healthy controls. This distinct pattern offers the possibility for a specific discrimination between healthy women and primary BC patients. This sustains the potential role of urinary miRNAs as non-invasive innovative urine-based biomarkers for BC detection."	0
"Title: Maintaining the silence: reflections on long-term RNAi. Abstract: Since the demonstration of RNA interference (RNAi) in mammalian cells, considerable research and financial effort has gone towards implementing RNAi as a viable therapeutic platform. RNAi is, without doubt, the most promising strategy for the treatment of human genetic disorders. Because many of the targets proposed for RNAi therapy require chronic treatment, researchers agree that the emphasis must now be placed on the safe and long-term application of RNAi drugs to reap the benefits at last."	0
"Title: Small silencing RNAs: an expanding universe. Abstract: Since the discovery in 1993 of the first small silencing RNA, a dizzying number of small RNA classes have been identified, including microRNAs (miRNAs), small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) and Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs). These classes differ in their biogenesis, their modes of target regulation and in the biological pathways they regulate. There is a growing realization that, despite their differences, these distinct small RNA pathways are interconnected, and that small RNA pathways compete and collaborate as they regulate genes and protect the genome from external and internal threats."	0
"Title: microRNAs in cancer management. Abstract: Since the identification of microRNAs (miRNAs) in 1993, and the subsequent discovery of their highly conserved nature in 2000, the amount of research into their function--particularly how they contribute to malignancy--has greatly increased. This class of small RNA molecules control gene expression and provide a previously unknown control mechanism for protein synthesis. As such, it is unsurprising that miRNAs are now known to play an essential part in malignancy, functioning as tumour suppressors and oncogenes. This Review summarises the present understanding of how miRNAs operate at the molecular level; how their dysregulation is a crucial part of tumour formation, maintenance, and metastasis; how they can be used as biomarkers for disease type and grade; and how miRNA-based treatments could be used for diverse types of malignancies."	0
"Title: Extracellular vesicles in cancer: exosomes, microvesicles and the emerging role of large oncosomes. Abstract: Since their first description, extracellular vesicles (EVs) have been the topic of avid study in a variety of physiologic contexts and are now thought to play an important role in cancer. The state of knowledge on biogenesis, molecular content and horizontal communication of diverse types of cancer EVs has expanded considerably in recent years. As a consequence, a plethora of information about EV composition and molecular function has emerged, along with the notion that cancer cells rely on these particles to invade tissues and propagate oncogenic signals at distance. The number of in vivo studies, designed to achieve a deeper understanding of the extent to which EV biology can be applied to clinically relevant settings, is rapidly growing. This review summarizes recent studies on cancer-derived EV functions, with an overview about biogenesis and molecular cargo of exosomes, microvesicles and large oncosomes. We also discuss current challenges and emerging technologies that might improve EV detection in various biological systems. Further studies on the functional role of EVs in specific steps of cancer formation and progression will expand our understanding of the diversity of paracrine signaling mechanisms in malignant growth."	0
"Title: Context effect: microRNA-10b in cancer cell proliferation, spread and death. Abstract: Single microRNA (miRNA) can regulate expression of several or multiple principal targets in a specific microenvironment. In different cellular contexts, the same miRNA may exhibit diverse functions, depending on the repertoire and stoichiometry of its direct mRNA targets. For instance, in breast cancer, microRNA-10b (miR-10b) promotes invasion and metastasis of tumor cells through post-transcriptional regulation of HOXD10. In contrast, in glioblastoma (GBM), the most common and malignant primary brain tumor, miR-10b promotes proliferation and prevents death of cancer cells by targeting cell cycle inhibitors and pro-apoptotic genes. Here, we discuss a unique role of miR-10b in cancer cell survival, in diverse tumor microenvironments."	0
"Title: Deep sequencing of short RNAs reveals novel microRNAs in minor salivary glands of patients with Sjögren's syndrome. Abstract: Sjögren's syndrome is a complex autoimmune disease of the salivary gland with an unknown etiology, so a thorough characterization of the transcriptome would facilitate our understanding of the disease. We use ultradeep sequencing of small RNAs from patients with Sjögren's syndrome and healthy volunteers, primarily to identify and discover novel miRNA sequences that may play a role in the disease. Methods: Total RNA was isolated from minor salivary glands of healthy volunteers and patients with either high or low salivary flow and sequenced on the SOLiD platform. Prediction of mature miRNAs from the sequenced reads was carried out using miRanalyzer, and expression was validated using Taqman qPCR assays. Results: We validated the presence of six previously unidentified miRNA sequences in patient samples and in several cell lines. One of the validated novel miRNAs shows promise as a biomarker for salivary function. Conclusion: Sequencing small RNAs in the salivary gland is largely unprecedented, but here, we show the feasibility of discovering novel miRNAs and disease biomarkers by sequencing the transcriptome."	0
"Title: Downregulation of six microRNAs is associated with advanced stage, lymph node metastasis and poor prognosis in small cell carcinoma of the cervix. Abstract: Small cell carcinoma of the cervix (SCCC) is very rare, and due to the long time period required to recruit sufficient numbers of patients, there is a paucity of information regarding the prognostic factors associated with survival. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been used as cancer-related biomarkers in a variety of tumor types, and the objective of this study was to determine whether microRNA expression profiles can predict clinical outcome in SCCC. Methodology/principal findings: Forty-four patients with SCCC who underwent radical hysterectomy between January 2000 and October 2009 were enrolled. Using the GeneCopoeia All-in-One Customized Human qPCR Primer Array, the expression profiles of 30 miRNAs associated with tumor metastasis was obtained from the formalin-fixed paraffin embedded samples of all 44 patients. Seven miRNAs, has-let-7c, has-miR-10b, has-miR-100, has-miR-125b, has-miR-143, has-miR-145 and has-miR-199a-5p were significantly down-regulated in advanced stage SCCC patients (FIGO IB2-IV) compared to early stage SCCC patients (FIGOIB1). Among, downregulation of six miRNAs, has-let-7c, has-miR-100, has-miR-125b, has-miR-143, has-miR-145 and has-miR-199a-5p were significantly associated with lymph node metastasis and reduced survival in SCCC. Kaplan-Meier survival analyses revealed that SCCC patients with low expression of has-miR-100 (P = 0.019) and has-miR-125b (P = 0.020) projected a significant tendency towards poorer prognosis. Conclusions/significance: This study demonstrates that downregulation of 7 miRNA associated with advanced stage, 6 miRNAs with metastasis and 2 with poor prognosis in SCCC. Functional analysis of these miRNAs may enhance our understanding of SCCC, as altered expression of specific miRNAs may regulate the metastatic pathway and provide novel targets for therapy."	0
"Title: miR-335 inhibits small cell lung cancer bone metastases via IGF-IR and RANKL pathways. Abstract: Small cell lung cancer (SCLC) is a rapidly progressing, incurable cancer that frequently spreads to bone. New insights are needed to identify therapeutic targets to prevent or retard SCLC metastatic progression. Human SCLC SBC-5 cells in mouse xenograft models home to skeletal and nonskeletal sites, whereas human SCLC SBC-3 cells only pervade nonskeletal sites. Because microRNAs (miRNA) often act as tumor regulators, we investigated their role in preclinical models of SCLC. miRNA expression profiling revealed selective and reduced expression of miRNA (miR)-335 and miR-29a in SBC-5 cells, compared with SBC-3 cells. In SBC-5 cells, miR-335 expression correlated with bone osteolytic lesions, whereas miR-29a expression did not. Overexpression of miR-335 in SBC-5 cells significantly reduced cell migration, invasion, proliferation, colony formation, and osteoclast induction in vitro. Importantly, in miR-335 overexpressing SBC-5 cell xenografts (n = 10), there were minimal osteolytic lesions in the majority of mice and none in three mice. Expression of RANK ligand (RANKL) and insulin-like growth factor-I receptor (IGF-IR), key mediators of bone metastases, were elevated in SBC-5 as compared with SBC-3 cells. Mechanistically, overexpression of miR-335 in SBC-5 cells reduced RANKL and IGF-IR expression. In conclusion, loss of miR-335 promoted SCLC metastatic skeletal lesions via deregulation of IGF-IR and RANKL pathways and was associated with metastatic osteolytic skeletal lesions. These preclinical findings establish a need to pursue the role of miR-335 in human SCLC with metastatic skeletal disease."	0
"Title: The small G proteins of the Arf family and their regulators. Abstract: Small G proteins play a central role in the organization of the secretory and endocytic pathways. The majority of such small G proteins are members of the Rab family, which are anchored to the bilayer by C-terminal prenyl groups. However, the recruitment of some effectors, including vesicle coat proteins, is mediated by a second class of small G proteins that is unique in having an N-terminal amphipathic helix that becomes available for membrane insertion upon GTP binding. Sar1, Arf1, and Arf6 are the best-characterized members of this ADP-ribosylation factor (Arf) family. In addition, all eukaryotes contain additional distantly related G proteins, often called Arf like, or Arls. The complete Arf family in humans has 29 members. The roles of these related G proteins are poorly understood, but recent work has shown that some are involved in membrane traffic or organizing the cytoskeleton. Here we review what is known about all the members of the Arf family, along with the known regulatory molecules that convert them between GDP- and GTP-bound states."	0
"Title: Short double-stranded RNA with immunostimulatory activity: sequence dependence. Abstract: Small interfering RNAs (siRNA) are able to activate the mammalian innate immune system depending on their structure, sequence, and method of delivery. The immunostimulatory activity of double-stranded RNA can be applied to antiviral and antitumor therapy. Here we identified a set of 19-bp RNA duplexes with 3-nucleotid overhangs in the 3' ends that display immunostimulating activity (here and after immunostimulating RNA, or isRNA) and studied their sequence/activity relationships. It was found that the introduction of substitutions in the middle part of the isRNA sequence (10-16 positions counting from the 5' end of strand 1) does not alter the antiproliferative activity, while substitutions in the 3' end region of isRNA substantially reduce it. isRNAs efficiently inhibit the proliferation of human oral epidermoid carcinoma cells [half-maximal inhibitory concentration (IC(50)) values varied from 10 to 100 nM]. Our research demonstrated that antiproliferative effects of isRNAs are related to cell growth arrest, rather than the induction of apoptosis. These isRNAs strongly stimulate the synthesis of interferon-? (IFN-?), and to a lesser extent the synthesis of tumor necrosis factor (TNF-?) and interleukin-6 (IL-6), in adherent peripheral blood mononuclear cells. An intravenous injection of isRNA/Lipofectamine complexes into C57BL mice increases IFN-? and IL-6 levels in the blood serum up to 15-fold and 3-fold, respectively, compared to the control mice. The results obtained clearly demonstrate the pronounced immunostimulatory and antiproliferative properties of the isRNAs under study. Hence, these short double-stranded RNAs can be considered as potential agents for the therapy of oncological and viral diseases."	0
"Title: A microRNA expression signature of human solid tumors defines cancer gene targets. Abstract: Small noncoding microRNAs (miRNAs) can contribute to cancer development and progression and are differentially expressed in normal tissues and cancers. From a large-scale miRnome analysis on 540 samples including lung, breast, stomach, prostate, colon, and pancreatic tumors, we identified a solid cancer miRNA signature composed by a large portion of overexpressed miRNAs. Among these miRNAs are some with well characterized cancer association, such as miR-17-5p, miR-20a, miR-21, miR-92, miR-106a, and miR-155. The predicted targets for the differentially expressed miRNAs are significantly enriched for protein-coding tumor suppressors and oncogenes (P < 0.0001). A number of the predicted targets, including the tumor suppressors RB1 (Retinoblastoma 1) and TGFBR2 (transforming growth factor, beta receptor II) genes were confirmed experimentally. Our results indicate that miRNAs are extensively involved in cancer pathogenesis of solid tumors and support their function as either dominant or recessive cancer genes."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression profiling of human metastatic cancers identifies cancer gene targets. Abstract: Small non-coding microRNAs (miRNAs) contribute to cancer development and progression, and are differentially expressed in normal tissues and cancers. However, the specific role of miRNAs in the metastatic process is still unknown. To seek a specific miRNA expression signature characterizing the metastatic phenotype of solid tumours, we performed a miRNA microarray analysis on 43 paired primary tumours (ten colon, ten bladder, 13 breast, and ten lung cancers) and one of their related metastatic lymph nodes. We identified a metastatic cancer miRNA signature comprising 15 overexpressed and 17 underexpressed miRNAs. Our results were confirmed by qRT-PCR analysis. Among the miRNAs identified, some have a well-characterized association with cancer progression, eg miR-10b, miR-21, miR-30a, miR-30e, miR-125b, miR-141, miR-200b, miR-200c, and miR-205. To further support our data, we performed an immunohistochemical analysis for three well-defined miRNA gene targets (PDCD4, DHFR, and HOXD10 genes) on a small series of paired colon, breast, and bladder cancers, and one of their metastatic lymph nodes. We found that the immunohistochemical expression of these targets significantly follows the corresponding miRNA deregulation. Our results suggest that specific miRNAs may be directly involved in cancer metastasis and that they may represent a novel diagnostic tool in the characterization of metastatic cancer gene targets."	0
"Title: miR-21 as a key regulator of oncogenic processes. Abstract: Small non-coding miRNAs (microRNAs) are emerging as key factors involved in cancer at all stages ranging from initiation to metastasis. MIRN21 is an miRNA gene that codes for the miR-21 miRNA which has been found to be overexpressed in many tumour samples where it has been analysed. Whereas consistent overexpression of miR-21 in tumours could be suggestive of functional effects of miR-21 in cancer, more in-depth functional studies with miR-21 are demonstrating that mir-21 displays oncogenic activity and can be classed as an oncomir. Extensive efforts are underway to identify the downstream genes and gene networks regulated by miR-21 and to identify the upstream factors that are regulating expression of miR-21. Even though miR-21 is one of the most intensively studied miRNAs, for all miRNAs, our understanding of miRNA signalling pathways is currently in its early stages. The unravelling of such RNA signalling pathways and networks will be key to understanding the role that dysregulated miRNA functioning can play in oncogenic processes."	0
"Title: Small non-coding RNA deregulation in endometrial carcinogenesis. Abstract: Small non-coding RNAs (sncRNAs) represent a heterogeneous group of <200nt-long transcripts comprising microRNAs, PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) and small-nucleolar-RNAs (snoRNAs) involved in physiological and pathological processes such as carcinogenesis and tumor progression. Aberrant sncRNA expression in cancer has been associated with specific clinical phenotypes, grading, staging, metastases development and resistance to therapy.Aim of the present work is to study the role of sncRNAs in endometrial carcinogenesis. Changes in sncRNA expression were identified by high-throughput genomic analysis of paired normal, hyperplastic and cancerous endometrial tissues obtained by endometrial biopsies (n = 10). Using smallRNA sequencing and microarrays we identified significant differences in sncRNA expression pattern between normal, hyperplastic and neoplastic endometrium. This led to the definition of a sncRNA signature (129 microRNAs, 2 of which not previously described, 10 piRNAs and 3 snoRNAs) of neoplastic transformation. Functional bioinformatics analysis identified as downstream targets multiple signaling pathways potentially involved in the hyperplastic and neoplastic tissue responses, including Wnt/?-catenin, and ERK/MAPK and TGF-?-Signaling.Considering the regulatory role of sncRNAs, this newly identified sncRNA signature is likely to reflect the events leading to endometrial cancer, which can be exploited to dissect the carcinogenic process including novel biomarkers for early and non-invasive diagnosis of these tumors."	0
"Title: Deep Sequencing of Serum Small RNAs Identifies Patterns of 5' tRNA Half and YRNA Fragment Expression Associated with Breast Cancer. Abstract: Small noncoding RNAs circulating in the blood may serve as signaling molecules because of their ability to carry out a variety of cellular functions. We have previously described tRNA- and YRNA-derived small RNAs circulating as components of larger complexes in the blood of humans and mice; the characteristics of these small RNAs imply specific processing, secretion, and physiological regulation. In this study, we have asked if changes in the serum abundance of these tRNA and YRNA fragments are associated with a diagnosis of cancer. We used deep sequencing and informatics analysis to catalog small RNAs in the sera of breast cancer cases and normal controls. 5' tRNA halves and YRNA fragments are abundant in both groups, but we found that a breast cancer diagnosis is associated with changes in levels of specific subtypes. This prompted us to look at existing sequence datasets of serum small RNAs from 42 breast cancer cases, taken at the time of diagnosis. We find significant changes in the levels of specific 5' tRNA halves and YRNA fragments associated with clinicopathologic characteristics of the cancer. Although these findings do not establish causality, they suggest that circulating 5' tRNA halves and YRNA fragments with known cellular functions may participate in breast cancer syndromes and have potential as circulating biomarkers. Larger studies with multiple types of cancer are needed to adequately evaluate their potential use for the development of noninvasive cancer screening."	0
"Title: Profiling of the small RNA populations in human testicular germ cell tumors shows global loss of piRNAs. Abstract: Small non-coding RNAs play essential roles in gene regulation, however, the interplay between RNA groups, their expression levels and deregulations in tumorigenesis requires additional exploration. In particular, a comprehensive analysis of microRNA (miRNA), PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs), and tRNA-derived small RNAs in human testis and testicular germ cell tumor (TGCT) is lacking. Results: We performed small RNA sequencing on 22 human TGCT samples from 5 histological subtypes, 3 carcinoma in situ, and 12 normal testis samples. miRNA was the most common group among the sequences 18-24 nt in length and showed histology-specific expression. In normal samples, most sequences 25-31 nucleotides in length displayed piRNA characteristics, whereas a large proportion of the sequences 32-36 nt length was derived from tRNAs. Expression analyses of the piRNA population demonstrated global loss in all TGCT subtypes compared to normal testis. In addition, three 5' small tRNA fragments and 23 miRNAs showed significant (p < 10(-6)) differential expression in cancer vs normal samples. Conclusions: We have documented significant changes in the small RNA populations in normal adult testicular tissue and TGCT samples. Although components of the same pathways might be involved in miRNA, piRNA and tRNA-derived small RNA biogenesis, our results showed that the response to the carcinogenic process differs between these pathways, suggesting independent regulation of their biogenesis. Overall, the small RNA deregulation in TGCT provides new insight into the small RNA interplay."	0
"Title: Characterization of the piRNA complex from rat testes. Abstract: Small noncoding RNAs regulate processes essential for cell growth and development, including mRNA degradation, translational repression, and transcriptional gene silencing (TGS). During a search for candidate mammalian factors for TGS, we purified a complex that contains small RNAs and Riwi, the rat homolog to human Piwi. The RNAs, frequently 29 to 30 nucleotides in length, are called Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs), 94% of which map to 100 defined (< or = 101 kb) genomic regions. Within these regions, the piRNAs generally distribute across only one genomic strand or distribute on two strands but in a divergent, nonoverlapping manner. Preparations of piRNA complex (piRC) contain rRecQ1, which is homologous to qde-3 from Neurospora, a gene implicated in silencing pathways. Piwi has been genetically linked to TGS in flies, and slicer activity cofractionates with the purified complex. These results are consistent with a gene-silencing role for piRC in mammals."	0
"Title: A novel class of small RNAs in mouse spermatogenic cells. Abstract: Small noncoding RNAs, including small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) and micro RNAs (miRNAs) of approximately 21 nucleotides (nt) in length, have emerged as potent regulators of gene expression at both transcriptional and post-transcriptional levels in diverse organisms. Here we report the identification of a novel class of small RNAs in the mouse male germline termed piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs). piRNAs are approximately 30 nt in length. They are expressed during spermatogenesis, mostly in spermatids. piRNAs are associated with MIWI, a spermatogenesis-specific PIWI subfamily member of the Argonaute protein family, and depend on MIWI for their biogenesis and/or stability. Furthermore, a subpopulation of piRNAs are associated with polysomes, suggesting their potential role in translational regulation."	0
"Title: Identification of discrete classes of small nucleolar RNA featuring different ends and RNA binding protein dependency. Abstract: Small nucleolar RNAs (snoRNAs) are among the first discovered and most extensively studied group of small non-coding RNA. However, most studies focused on a small subset of snoRNAs that guide the modification of ribosomal RNA. In this study, we annotated the expression pattern of all box C/D snoRNAs in normal and cancer cell lines independent of their functions. The results indicate that C/D snoRNAs are expressed as two distinct forms differing in their ends with respect to boxes C and D and in their terminal stem length. Both forms are overexpressed in cancer cell lines but display a conserved end distribution. Surprisingly, the long forms are more dependent than the short forms on the expression of the core snoRNP protein NOP58, thought to be essential for C/D snoRNA production. In contrast, a subset of short forms are dependent on the splicing factor RBFOX2. Analysis of the potential secondary structure of both forms indicates that the k-turn motif required for binding of NOP58 is less stable in short forms which are thus less likely to mature into a canonical snoRNP. Taken together the data suggest that C/D snoRNAs are divided into at least two groups with distinct maturation and functional preferences."	0
"Title: MIWI2 is essential for spermatogenesis and repression of transposons in the mouse male germline. Abstract: Small RNAs associate with Argonaute proteins and serve as sequence-specific guides for regulation of mRNA stability, productive translation, chromatin organization, and genome structure. In animals, the Argonaute superfamily segregates into two clades. The Argonaute clade acts in RNAi and in microRNA-mediated gene regulation in partnership with 21-22 nt RNAs. The Piwi clade, and their 26-30 nt piRNA partners, have yet to be assigned definitive functions. In mice, two Piwi-family members have been demonstrated to have essential roles in spermatogenesis. Here, we examine the effects of disrupting the gene encoding the third family member, MIWI2. Miwi2-deficient mice display a meiotic-progression defect in early prophase of meiosis I and a marked and progressive loss of germ cells with age. These phenotypes may be linked to an inappropriate activation of transposable elements detected in Miwi2 mutants. Our observations suggest a conserved function for Piwi-clade proteins in the control of transposons in the germline."	0
"Title: A germline-specific class of small RNAs binds mammalian Piwi proteins. Abstract: Small RNAs associate with Argonaute proteins and serve as sequence-specific guides to regulate messenger RNA stability, protein synthesis, chromatin organization and genome structure. In animals, Argonaute proteins segregate into two subfamilies. The Argonaute subfamily acts in RNA interference and in microRNA-mediated gene regulation using 21-22-nucleotide RNAs as guides. The Piwi subfamily is involved in germline-specific events such as germline stem cell maintenance and meiosis. However, neither the biochemical function of Piwi proteins nor the nature of their small RNA guides is known. Here we show that MIWI, a murine Piwi protein, binds a previously uncharacterized class of approximately 29-30-nucleotide RNAs that are highly abundant in testes. We have therefore named these Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs). piRNAs show distinctive localization patterns in the genome, being predominantly grouped into 20-90-kilobase clusters, wherein long stretches of small RNAs are derived from only one strand. Similar piRNAs are also found in human and rat, with major clusters occurring in syntenic locations. Although their function must still be resolved, the abundance of piRNAs in germline cells and the male sterility of Miwi mutants suggest a role in gametogenesis."	0
"Title: A novel class of small RNAs bind to MILI protein in mouse testes. Abstract: Small RNAs bound to Argonaute proteins recognize partially or fully complementary nucleic acid targets in diverse gene-silencing processes. A subgroup of the Argonaute proteins--known as the 'Piwi family'--is required for germ- and stem-cell development in invertebrates, and two Piwi members--MILI and MIWI--are essential for spermatogenesis in mouse. Here we describe a new class of small RNAs that bind to MILI in mouse male germ cells, where they accumulate at the onset of meiosis. The sequences of the over 1,000 identified unique molecules share a strong preference for a 5' uridine, but otherwise cannot be readily classified into sequence families. Genomic mapping of these small RNAs reveals a limited number of clusters, suggesting that these RNAs are processed from long primary transcripts. The small RNAs are 26-31 nucleotides (nt) in length--clearly distinct from the 21-23 nt of microRNAs (miRNAs) or short interfering RNAs (siRNAs)--and we refer to them as 'Piwi-interacting RNAs' or piRNAs. Orthologous human chromosomal regions also give rise to small RNAs with the characteristics of piRNAs, but the cloned sequences are distinct. The identification of this new class of small RNAs provides an important starting point to determine the molecular function of Piwi proteins in mammalian spermatogenesis."	0
"Title: Zili is required for germ cell differentiation and meiosis in zebrafish. Abstract: Small RNAs exert an effect through diverse RNA interference pathways to transcriptionally or post-transcriptionally silence their targets. The Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) represent a germline-specific small RNA pathway where Piwi proteins themselves are thought to mediate piRNA biosynthesis. Here, we provide strong evidence for a piRNA amplification loop in zebrafish, in which Ziwi and Zili bind piRNAs of opposite polarity. Furthermore, we describe a function for Zili in transposon defense and germ cell differentiation, as well as a crucial function in meiosis, significantly extending the function of Piwi proteins beyond the control of transposable elements in vertebrates."	0
"Title: The Caenorhabditis elegans HEN1 ortholog, HENN-1, methylates and stabilizes select subclasses of germline small RNAs. Abstract: Small RNAs regulate diverse biological processes by directing effector proteins called Argonautes to silence complementary mRNAs. Maturation of some classes of small RNAs involves terminal 2'-O-methylation to prevent degradation. This modification is catalyzed by members of the conserved HEN1 RNA methyltransferase family. In animals, Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) and some endogenous and exogenous small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) are methylated, whereas microRNAs are not. However, the mechanisms that determine animal HEN1 substrate specificity have yet to be fully resolved. In Caenorhabditis elegans, a HEN1 ortholog has not been studied, but there is evidence for methylation of piRNAs and some endogenous siRNAs. Here, we report that the worm HEN1 ortholog, HENN-1 (HEN of Nematode), is required for methylation of C. elegans small RNAs. Our results indicate that piRNAs are universally methylated by HENN-1. In contrast, 26G RNAs, a class of primary endogenous siRNAs, are methylated in female germline and embryo, but not in male germline. Intriguingly, the methylation pattern of 26G RNAs correlates with the expression of distinct male and female germline Argonautes. Moreover, loss of the female germline Argonaute results in loss of 26G RNA methylation altogether. These findings support a model wherein methylation status of a metazoan small RNA is dictated by the Argonaute to which it binds. Loss of henn-1 results in phenotypes that reflect destabilization of substrate small RNAs: dysregulation of target mRNAs, impaired fertility, and enhanced somatic RNAi. Additionally, the henn-1 mutant shows a weakened response to RNAi knockdown of germline genes, suggesting that HENN-1 may also function in canonical RNAi. Together, our results indicate a broad role for HENN-1 in both endogenous and exogenous gene silencing pathways and provide further insight into the mechanisms of HEN1 substrate discrimination and the diversity within the Argonaute family."	0
"Title: PIWI associated siRNAs and piRNAs specifically require the Caenorhabditis elegans HEN1 ortholog henn-1. Abstract: Small RNAs--including piRNAs, miRNAs, and endogenous siRNAs--bind Argonaute proteins to form RNA silencing complexes that target coding genes, transposons, and aberrant RNAs. To assess the requirements for endogenous siRNA formation and activity in Caenorhabditis elegans, we developed a GFP-based sensor for the endogenous siRNA 22G siR-1, one of a set of abundant siRNAs processed from a precursor RNA mapping to the X chromosome, the X-cluster. Silencing of the sensor is also dependent on the partially complementary, unlinked 26G siR-O7 siRNA. We show that 26G siR-O7 acts in trans to initiate 22G siRNA formation from the X-cluster. The presence of several mispairs between 26G siR-O7 and the X-cluster mRNA, as well as mutagenesis of the siRNA sensor, indicates that siRNA target recognition is permissive to a degree of mispairing. From a candidate reverse genetic screen, we identified several factors required for 22G siR-1 activity, including the chromatin factors mes-4 and gfl-1, the Argonaute ergo-1, and the 3' methyltransferase henn-1. Quantitative RT-PCR of small RNAs in a henn-1 mutant and deep sequencing of methylated small RNAs indicate that siRNAs and piRNAs that associate with PIWI clade Argonautes are methylated by HENN-1, while siRNAs and miRNAs that associate with non-PIWI clade Argonautes are not. Thus, PIWI-class Argonaute proteins are specifically adapted to associate with methylated small RNAs in C. elegans."	0
"Title: tsRNA signatures in cancer. Abstract: Small, noncoding RNAs are short untranslated RNA molecules, some of which have been associated with cancer development. Recently we showed that a class of small RNAs generated during the maturation process of tRNAs (tRNA-derived small RNAs, hereafter ""tsRNAs"") is dysregulated in cancer. Specifically, we uncovered tsRNA signatures in chronic lymphocytic leukemia and lung cancer and demonstrated that thets-4521/3676cluster (now called ""ts-101"" and ""ts-53,"" respectively),ts-46, andts-47are down-regulated in these malignancies. Furthermore, we showed that tsRNAs are similar to Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) and demonstrated thatts-101andts-53can associate with PiwiL2, a protein involved in the silencing of transposons. In this study, we extended our investigation on tsRNA signatures to samples collected from patients with colon, breast, or ovarian cancer and cell lines harboring specific oncogenic mutations and representing different stages of cancer progression. We detected tsRNA signatures in all patient samples and determined that tsRNA expression is altered upon oncogene activation and during cancer staging. In addition, we generated a knocked-out cell model forts-101andts-46in HEK-293 cells and found significant differences in gene-expression patterns, with activation of genes involved in cell survival and down-regulation of genes involved in apoptosis and chromatin structure. Finally, we overexpressedts-46andts-47in two lung cancer cell lines and performed a clonogenic assay to examine their role in cell proliferation. We observed a strong inhibition of colony formation in cells overexpressing these tsRNAs compared with untreated cells, confirming that tsRNAs affect cell growth and survival."	0
"Title: MiR-21 mediates sorafenib resistance of hepatocellular carcinoma cells by inhibiting autophagy via the PTEN/Akt pathway. Abstract: Sorafenib resistance remains a major obstacle for the effective treatments of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Recent studies indicate that activated Akt contributes to the acquired resistance to sorafenib, and miR-21 dysregulates phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN), which inhibits Akt activation. Sorafenib-resistant HCC cells were shown to be refractory to sorafenib-induced growth inhibition and apoptosis. Akt and its downstream factors were highly activated and/or upregulated in sorafenib-resistant cells. Inhibition of autophagy decreased the sensitivity of sorafenib-resistant cells to sorafenib, while its induction had the opposite effect. Differential screening of miRNAs showed higher levels of miR-21 in sorafenib-resistant HCC cells. Exposure of HCC cells to sorafenib led to an increase in miR-21 expression, a decrease in PTEN expression and sequential Akt activation. Transfection of miR-21 mimics in HCC cells restored sorafenib resistance by inhibiting autophagy. Anti-miR-21 oligonucleotides re-sensitized sorafenib-resistant cells by promoting autophagy. Inhibition of miR-21 enhances the efficacy of sorafenib in treating sorafenib-resistant HCC tumors in vivo. We conclude that miR-21 participates in the acquired resistance of sorafenib by suppresing autophagy through the Akt/PTEN pathway. MiR-21 could serve as a therapeutic target for overcoming sorafenib resistance in the treatment of HCC."	0
"Title: The SOX2 response program in glioblastoma multiforme: an integrated ChIP-seq, expression microarray, and microRNA analysis. Abstract: SOX2 is a key gene implicated in maintaining the stemness of embryonic and adult stem cells. SOX2 appears to re-activate in several human cancers including glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), however, the detailed response program of SOX2 in GBM has not yet been defined. Results: We show that knockdown of the SOX2 gene in LN229 GBM cells reduces cell proliferation and colony formation. We then comprehensively characterize the SOX2 response program by an integrated analysis using several advanced genomic technologies including ChIP-seq, microarray profiling, and microRNA sequencing. Using ChIP-seq technology, we identified 4883 SOX2 binding regions in the GBM cancer genome. SOX2 binding regions contain the consensus sequence wwTGnwTw that occurred 3931 instances in 2312 SOX2 binding regions. Microarray analysis identified 489 genes whose expression altered in response to SOX2 knockdown. Interesting findings include that SOX2 regulates the expression of SOX family proteins SOX1 and SOX18, and that SOX2 down regulates BEX1 (brain expressed X-linked 1) and BEX2 (brain expressed X-linked 2), two genes with tumor suppressor activity in GBM. Using next generation sequencing, we identified 105 precursor microRNAs (corresponding to 95 mature miRNAs) regulated by SOX2, including down regulation of miR-143, -145, -253-5p and miR-452. We also show that miR-145 and SOX2 form a double negative feedback loop in GBM cells, potentially creating a bistable system in GBM cells. Conclusions: We present an integrated dataset of ChIP-seq, expression microarrays and microRNA sequencing representing the SOX2 response program in LN229 GBM cells. The insights gained from our integrated analysis further our understanding of the potential actions of SOX2 in carcinogenesis and serves as a useful resource for the research community."	0
"Title: Exosomal microRNAs as tumor markers in epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: Specific microRNAs (miRNAs) are packaged in exosomes that regulate processes in tumor development and progression. The current study focuses on the influence of exosomal miRNAs in the pathogenesis of epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC). MiRNA profiles were determined in exosomes from plasma of 106 EOC patients, eight ovarian cystadenoma patients, and 29 healthy women by TaqMan real-time PCR-based miRNA array cards containing 48 different miRNAs. In cell culture experiments, the impact of miR-200b and miR-320 was determined on proliferation and apoptosis of ovarian cancer cell lines. We report that miR-21 (P = 0.0001), miR-100 (P = 0.034), miR-200b (P = 0.008), and miR-320 (P = 0.034) are significantly enriched, whereas miR-16 (P = 0.009), miR-93 (P = 0.014), miR-126 (P = 0.012), and miR-223 (P = 0.029) are underrepresented in exosomes from plasma of EOC patients as compared to those of healthy women. The levels of exosomal miR-23a (P = 0.009, 0.008) and miR-92a (P = 009, 0.034) were lower in ovarian cystadenoma patients than in EOC patients and healthy women, respectively. The exosomal levels of miR-200b correlated with the tumor marker CA125 (P = 0.002) and patient overall survival (P = 0.019). MiR-200b influenced cell proliferation (P = 0.0001) and apoptosis (P < 0.008). Our findings reveal specific exosomal miRNA patterns in EOC and ovarian cystadenoma patients, which are indicative of a role of these miRNAs in the pathogenesis of EOC."	0
"Title: Deregulated expression of sprouty2 and microRNA-21 in human colon cancer: Correlation with the clinical stage of the disease. Abstract: Sprouty protein is a novel feedback regulator involved in downstream inactivation of several growth factor receptor pathways. Sprouty2 (Spry2) protein was shown to be downregulated in human cancers. High levels of microRNA-21 (miRNA-21) expression have been associated with poor survival and poor response to adjuvant chemotherapy in cancer patients. But the effect of Spry2 in human colon cancer remained unknown. Paired tumor and normal mucosa samples from patients were examined for their expression of Spry2 mRNA and miRNA-21 by real-time quantitative RT-PCR analysis. Our results show that Spry2 was downregulated in human colon cancer, and its expression levels were lower in advanced-stage tumors than in early-stage tumors. There was a negative correlation between the expression levels of Spry2 and miRNA-21. Furthermore, overexpression of Spry2 suppressed the growth and migration of colon cancer cells with a concomitant increase in PTEN expression and reduction of Akt and MAPK phosphorylation. Spry2 inhibited the growth and tumorigenesis of colon cancer cells in vivo. Conclusively, we show for the first time that Spry2 expression is downregulated and miRNA-21 is upregulated in the clinical samples of colon cancer, which correlates with clinical stage of disease. Thus, Spry2 functions as a tumor suppressor in colon cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21-mediated regulation of Sprouty2 protein expression enhances the cytotoxic effect of 5-fluorouracil and metformin in colon cancer cells. Abstract: Sprouty2 (Spry2) was identified recently as a tumor suppressor gene in cancer cells which inhibits the activation of receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs). The present study explored the effect of Spry2 in colon cancer cells in order to assess its potential use in the treatment of colon cancer. Expression of Spry2 inhibited the growth of a colon cancer cell line, HCT116, and induced sensitization to fluorouracil (5-FU) and metformin. Spry2 promoted apoptosis of cancer cells in association with activation of the phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN) pathway and the blockade of Ras-Raf-Erk signaling. Treatment of Spry2-HCT116 cells with metformin resulted in a more prominent effect on the inhibition of cell migration. Inhibition of microRNA-21 (mir?21) induced upregulation of Spry2 and PTEN which underscores the importance of mir-21 in Spry2-associated tumorigenesis of the colon. These results point toward a potential strategy for colon cancer treatment worthy of further investigation."	0
"Title: Prognostic significance of metastasis-related microRNAs in early breast cancer patients with a long follow-up. Abstract: Stability of microRNAs (miRNAs) in formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded (FFPE) tissues enables their reliable analysis in archived FFPE tissue samples, which are an invaluable source for the evaluation of novel biomarkers. Especially in breast cancer, for which late relapses occur in many cases, analysis of miRNAs in FFPE tissues holds great potential, because it can lead to the discovery of novel biomarkers suitable for future routine clinical diagnostics for breast cancer. We investigated the prognostic significance of 6 metastasis-related miRNAs that can critically regulate various stages of migration and invasion and play critical roles in the multistep metastatic process. Methods: We quantified the expression of 6 mature miRNAs (namely miR-21, miR-205, miR-10b, miR-210, miR-335, and let-7a) by reverse-transcription quantitative PCR in FFPE tissues of 84 patients with early breast cancer and a long follow-up and 13 cancer-free breast tissue FFPE samples that were used as the control group. We further correlated individual miRNA over- or underexpression with the disease-free interval (DFI) and overall survival (OS). Results: Univariate analysis revealed that both miR-21 and miR-205 were significantly associated with DFI and only miR-205 with OS. Multivariate analysis demonstrated that miR-205 and miR-21 were independent factors associated with early disease relapse, whereas only miR-205 overexpression was associated with OS. Conclusions: Our results clearly indicate that deregulation of metastasis-associated miRNAs in primary tumors is associated with clinical outcome in patients with early breast cancer and can differentiate patients with higher risk in well-characterized subgroups."	0
"Title: Maturation of microRNA is hormonally regulated by a nuclear receptor. Abstract: Steroid hormones and their cognate nuclear receptors exert a wide spectrum of biological actions through regulation of transcriptional and posttranscriptional processes. However, the underlying molecular mechanism by which steroid hormones control posttranscriptional processes is largely unknown. We now report that estrogen receptor alpha (ERalpha) inhibits the maturation of a particular microRNA (miRNA) and thereby stabilizes the mRNA of an ERalpha target gene through the 3'UTR. Estrogen-bound ERalpha downregulated expression of a set of miRNAs in both animals and cultured cells. Activated ERalpha attenuated the processing of primary miRNAs into pre-miRNAs through estrogen-dependent association with the Drosha complex, resulting in stabilization of the transcript of an ERalpha target gene through its 3'UTR. Thus, a steroid hormone achieves posttranscriptional control by regulating the maturation of miRNA."	0
"Title: Angiogenin cleaves tRNA and promotes stress-induced translational repression. Abstract: Stress-induced phosphorylation of eIF2alpha inhibits global protein synthesis to conserve energy for repair of stress-induced damage. Stress-induced translational arrest is observed in cells expressing a nonphosphorylatable eIF2alpha mutant (S51A), which indicates the existence of an alternative pathway of translational control. In this paper, we show that arsenite, heat shock, or ultraviolet irradiation promotes transfer RNA (tRNA) cleavage and accumulation of tRNA-derived, stress-induced small RNAs (tiRNAs). We show that angiogenin, a secreted ribonuclease, is required for stress-induced production of tiRNAs. Knockdown of angiogenin, but not related ribonucleases, inhibits arsenite-induced tiRNA production and translational arrest. In contrast, knockdown of the angiogenin inhibitor RNH1 enhances tiRNA production and promotes arsenite-induced translational arrest. Moreover, recombinant angiogenin, but not RNase 4 or RNase A, induces tiRNA production and inhibits protein synthesis in the absence of exogenous stress. Finally, transfection of angiogenin-induced tiRNAs promotes phospho-eIF2alpha-independent translational arrest. Our results introduce angiogenin and tiRNAs as components of a phospho-eIF2alpha-independent stress response program."	0
"Title: Epigenetics and microRNAs in preeclampsia. Abstract: Strong evidence suggests a potential link among epigenetics, microRNAs (miRNAs), and pregnancy complications. Much research still needs to be carried out to determine whether epigenetic factors are predictive in the pathogenesis of preeclampsia (PE), a life-threatening disease during pregnancy. Recently, the importance of maternal epigenetic features, including DNA methylation, histone modifications, epigenetically regulated miRNA, and the effect of imprinted or non-imprinted genes on trophoblast growth, invasion, as well as fetal development and hypertension in pregnancy, has been demonstrated in a series of articles. This article discusses the current evidence of this complicated network of miRNA and epigenetic factors as potential mechanisms that may underlie the theories of disease for PE. Translating these basic epigenetic findings to clinical practice could potentially serve as prognostic biomarkers for diagnosis in its early stages and could help in the development of prophylactic strategies."	0
"Title: MicroRNA 21 promotes glioma invasion by targeting matrix metalloproteinase regulators. Abstract: Substantial data indicate that microRNA 21 (miR-21) is significantly elevated in glioblastoma (GBM) and in many other tumors of various origins. This microRNA has been implicated in various aspects of carcinogenesis, including cellular proliferation, apoptosis, and migration. We demonstrate that miR-21 regulates multiple genes associated with glioma cell apoptosis, migration, and invasiveness, including the RECK and TIMP3 genes, which are suppressors of malignancy and inhibitors of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs). Specific inhibition of miR-21 with antisense oligonucleotides leads to elevated levels of RECK and TIMP3 and therefore reduces MMP activities in vitro and in a human model of gliomas in nude mice. Moreover, downregulation of miR-21 in glioma cells leads to decreases of their migratory and invasion abilities. Our data suggest that miR-21 contributes to glioma malignancy by downregulation of MMP inhibitors, which leads to activation of MMPs, thus promoting invasiveness of cancer cells. Our results also indicate that inhibition of a single oncomir, like miR-21, with specific antisense molecules can provide a novel therapeutic approach for ""physiological"" modulation of multiple proteins whose expression is deregulated in cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 inhibitor sensitizes human glioblastoma cells U251 (PTEN-mutant) and LN229 (PTEN-wild type) to taxol. Abstract: Substantial data indicate that the oncogene microRNA 21 (miR-21) is significantly elevated in glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) and regulates multiple genes associated with cancer cell proliferation, apoptosis, and invasiveness. Thus, miR-21 can theoretically become a target to enhance the chemotherapeutic effect in cancer therapy. So far, the effect of downregulating miR-21 to enhance the chemotherapeutic effect to taxol has not been studied in human GBM. Methods: Human glioblastoma U251 (PTEN-mutant) and LN229 (PTEN wild-type) cells were treated with taxol and the miR-21 inhibitor (in a poly (amidoamine) (PAMAM) dendrimer), alone or in combination. The 50% inhibitory concentration and cell viability were determined by the MTT assay. The mechanism between the miR-21 inhibitor and the anticancer drug taxol was analyzed using the Zheng-Jun Jin method. Annexin V/PI staining was performed, and apoptosis and the cell cycle were evaluated by flow cytometry analysis. Expression of miR-21 was investigated by RT-PCR, and western blotting was performed to evaluate malignancy related protein alteration. Results: IC(50) values were dramatically decreased in cells treated with miR-21 inhibitor combine with taxol, to a greater extent than those treated with taxol alone. Furthermore, the miR-21 inhibitor significantly enhanced apoptosis in both U251 cells and LN229 cells, and cell invasiveness was obviously weakened. Interestingly, the above data suggested that in both the PTEN mutant and the wild-type GBM cells, miR-21 blockage increased the chemosensitivity to taxol. It is worth noting that the miR-21 inhibitor additively interacted with taxol on U251cells and synergistically on LN229 cells. Thus, the miR-21 inhibitor might interrupt the activity of EGFR pathways, independently of PTEN status. Meanwhile, the expression of STAT3 and p-STAT3 decreased to relatively low levels after miR-21 inhibitor and taxol treatment. The data strongly suggested that a regulatory loop between miR-21 and STAT3 might provide an insight into the mechanism of modulating EGFR/STAT3 signaling. Conclusions: Taken together, the miR-21 inhibitor could enhance the chemo-sensitivity of human glioblastoma cells to taxol. A combination of miR-21 inhibitor and taxol could be an effective therapeutic strategy for controlling the growth of GBM by inhibiting STAT3 expression and phosphorylation."	0
"Title: Intracellular and extracellular microRNAs in breast cancer. Abstract: Successful treatment of breast cancer is enhanced by early detection and, if possible, subsequent patient-tailored therapy. Toward this goal, it is essential to identify and understand the most relevant panels of biomarkers, some of which may also have relevance as therapeutic targets. Methods: We critically reviewed published literature on microRNAs (miRNAs) as relevant to breast cancer. Summary: Since the initial recognition of the association of miRNAs with breast cancer in 2005, studies involving cell lines, in vivo models, and clinical specimens have implicated several functions for miRNAs, including suppressing oncogenesis and tumors, promoting or inhibiting metastasis, and increasing sensitivity or resistance to chemotherapy and targeted agents in breast cancer. For example, miR-21 is overexpressed in both male and female breast tumors compared with normal breast tissue and has been associated with advanced stage, lymph node positivity, and reduced survival time. miR-21 knock-down in cell-line models has been associated with increased sensitivity to topotecan and taxol in vitro and the limitation of lung metastasis in vivo. Furthermore, the discovery of extracellular miRNAs (including miR-21), existing either freely or in exosomes in the systemic circulation, has led to the possibility that such molecules may serve as biomarkers for ongoing patient monitoring. Although additional investigations are necessary to fully exploit the use of miRNAs in breast cancer, there is increasing evidence that miRNAs have potential not only to facilitate the determination of diagnosis and prognosis and the prediction of response to treatment, but also to act as therapeutic targets and replacement therapies."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-196a targets annexin A1: a microRNA-mediated mechanism of annexin A1 downregulation in cancers. Abstract: Suppression of annexin A1 (ANXA1), a mediator of apoptosis and inhibitor of cell proliferation, is well documented in various cancers but the underlying mechanism remains unknown. We investigated whether decreased ANXA1 expression was mediated by microRNAs (miRNAs), which are small, non-coding RNAs that negatively regulate gene expression. Using Sanger miRBase, we identified miR-584, miR-196a and miR-196b as potential miRNAs targeting ANXA1. Only miRNA-196a showed significant inverse correlation with ANXA1 mRNA levels in 12 cancer cell lines of esophageal, breast and endometrial origin (Pearson's correlation -0.66, P=0.019), identifying this as the candidate miRNA targeting ANXA1. Inverse correlation was also observed in 10 esophageal adenocarcinomas (Pearson's correlation -0.64, P=0.047). Analysis of paired normal/tumor tissues from additional 10 patients revealed an increase in miR-196a in the cancers (P=0.003), accompanied by a decrease in ANXA1 mRNA (P=0.004). Increasing miR-196a levels in cells by miR-196a mimics resulted in decreased ANXA1 mRNA and protein. In addition, miR-196a mimics inhibited luciferase expression in luciferase plasmid reporter that included predicted miR-196a recognition sequence from ANXA1 3'-untranslated region confirming that miR-196a directly targets ANXA1. miR-196a promoted cell proliferation, anchorage-independent growth and suppressed apoptosis, suggesting its oncogenic potential. This study demonstrated a novel mechanism of post-transcriptional regulation of ANXA1 expression and identified miR-196a as a marker of esophageal cancer."	0
"Title: Detecting microRNA binding and siRNA off-target effects from expression data. Abstract: Sylamer is a method for detecting microRNA target and small interfering RNA off-target signals in 3' untranslated regions from a ranked gene list, sorted from upregulated to downregulated, after a microRNA perturbation or RNA interference experiment. The output is a landscape plot that tracks occurrence biases using hypergeometric P-values for all words across the gene ranking. We demonstrated the utility, speed and accuracy of this approach on several datasets."	0
"Title: Expression of miR-143 reduces growth and migration of human bladder carcinoma cells by targeting cyclooxygenase-2. Abstract: Systemic chemotherapy is the only current modality that provides the potential for long-term survival in bladder carcinoma patients with metastatic disease. Overexpression of cyclooxygenase-2 COX-2 induces expression of immune- and cell proliferation-related genes and is associated with the grade, prognosis and recurrence of transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder. There is abundant evidence that aberrant expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) is implicated in numerous disease states and miRNAs have the potential to be used for cancer therapeutics. Here, we found expression of miR-143 to be low in a series of human bladder carcinomas as compared to background tissue. In addition, restoration of miR-143 by cell transfection in T24 cancer cells led to decreased COX-2 expression, reduced proliferation and mobility. Our findings will help to further understand the functions of miRNAs in cancer cells and point to a specific potential of miR-143 may be employed as a therapeutic agent for bladder carcinoma. The results provide insights into the development of novel tumor markers or new therapeutic strategies."	0
"Title: The socioeconomic burden of SLE. Abstract: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is a chronic, relapsing-remitting, multisystemic autoimmune inflammatory disorder that predominantly affects women of childbearing age. Much has been written about the clinical course and long-term damage associated with SLE, as well as the reduced life expectancy of patients with this condition. In addition, studies have emphasized the socioeconomic and psychosocial impact of SLE, although the monetary cost of caring for patients with the disorder has only been evaluated in a modest number of studies and a restricted number of countries. SLE has a negative impact on quality of life and is associated with high health-care costs and significant productivity loss. Factors associated with increased cost of SLE include long disease duration, high disease activity and damage, poor physical and mental health, and high education and employment levels. Similarly, high disease activity and damage, poor physical health, certain disease manifestations, as well as poor family and social support are associated with poor health-related quality of life outcomes. SLE incurs a great burden on both the patient and society. Long-term prospective studies should be encouraged to monitor the costs and psychosocial impact of this condition, and to better understand the factors that are associated with poor outcomes."	0
"Title: Expression signature of microRNA-181-a reveals its crucial role in the pathogenesis of paediatric systemic lupus erythematosus. Abstract: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) is an autoimmune disease manifested by self-reactive antibodies due to failure of selection in both B and T lymphocytes leading to immune intolerance accompanied by increased rate of apoptosis and deficiency in the clearance of the apoptotic cells. Micro RNAs regulate posttranscriptional gene expression and have been recently identified to regulate cellular differentiation, establishing immunological tolerance and are involved in the pathogenesis of several diseases. miR-181-a, expressed in haematopoietic cell lineage, has shown to be an important modulator of B and T cell differentiation, maturation and function. This study aims to identify the expression signature of miR-181-a in the peripheral blood of paediatric SLE and its regulatory effect on the consequent expression of its target gene PCAF. Methods: Twenty SLE paediatrics patients, 9 healthy controls and 4 FMF patients were enrolled in this study. The relative expression of miR-181-a, miR-223, PCAF and Hdm2 were performed using quantitative real time PCR. Results: For the first time we show that miR-181-a was significantly downregulated in SLE pediatrics as compared to healthy controls. Furthermore, miR-181-a showed significant difference in its expression among groups with different SLEDAI scores. This special signature of miR-181-a expression is unique to SLE as compared to FMF samples which showed a parallel expression to healthy controls. PCAF was upregulated in SLE patients compared to healthy controls, which has an impact on the ubiquitination of Hdm2 and hence releases p53 leading to the induction of apoptosis. Conclusions: miR-181-a plays an important role in SLE pathogenesis."	0
"Title: Mutually positive regulatory feedback loop between interferons and estrogen receptor-alpha in mice: implications for sex bias in autoimmunity. Abstract: Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), an autoimmune disease, predominantly affects women of childbearing age. Moreover, increased serum levels of interferon-alpha (IFN-alpha) are associated with the disease. Although, the female sex hormone estrogen (E2) is implicated in sex bias in SLE through up-regulation of IFN-gamma expression, the molecular mechanisms remain unknown. Here we report that activation of IFN (alpha or gamma)-signaling in immune cells up-regulates expression of estrogen receptor-alpha (ERalpha; encoded by the Esr1 gene) and stimulates expression of target genes. Methodology/principal findings: We found that treatment of mouse splenic cells and mouse cell lines with IFN (alpha or gamma) increased steady-state levels of ERalpha mRNA and protein. The increase in the ERalpha mRNA levels was primarily due to the transcriptional mechanisms and it was dependent upon the activation of signal transducer and activator of transcription-1 (STAT1) factor by IFN. Moreover, the IFN-treatment of cells also stimulated transcription of a reporter gene, expression of which was driven by the promoter region of the murine Esr1 gene. Notably, splenic cells from pre-autoimmune lupus-prone (NZB x NZW)F(1) female mice had relatively higher steady-state levels of mRNAs encoded by the IFN and ERalpha-responsive genes as compared to the age-matched males. Conclusions/significance: Our observations identify a novel mutually positive regulatory feedback loop between IFNs and ERalpha in immune cells in mice and support the idea that activation of this regulatory loop contributes to sex bias in SLE."	0
"Title: Dicer insufficiency and microRNA-155 overexpression in lupus regulatory T cells: an apparent paradox in the setting of an inflammatory milieu. Abstract: Systemic lupus erythematosus is a chronic autoimmune disease characterized by loss of tolerance to self-Ags and activation of autoreactive T cells. Regulatory T (Treg) cells play a critical role in controlling the activation of autoreactive T cells. In this study, we investigated mechanisms of potential Treg cell defects in systemic lupus erythematosus using MRL-Fas(lpr/lpr) (MRL/lpr) and MRL-Fas(+/+) mouse models. We found a significant increase in CD4(+)CD25(+)Foxp3(+) Treg cells, albeit with an altered phenotype (CD62L(-)CD69(+)) and with a reduced suppressive capacity, in the lymphoid organs of MRL strains compared with non-autoimmune C3H/HeOuj mice. A search for mechanisms underlying the altered Treg cell phenotype in MRL/lpr mice led us to find a profound reduction in Dicer expression and an altered microRNA (miRNA, miR) profile in MRL/lpr Treg cells. Despite having a reduced level of Dicer, MRL/lpr Treg cells exhibited a significant overexpression of several miRNAs, including let-7a, let-7f, miR-16, miR-23a, miR-23b, miR-27a, and miR-155. Using computational approaches, we identified one of the upregulated miRNAs, miR-155, that can target CD62L and may thus confer the altered Treg cell phenotype in MRL/lpr mice. In fact, the induced overexpression of miR-155 in otherwise normal (C3H/HeOuj) Treg cells reduced their CD62L expression, which mimics the altered Treg cell phenotype in MRL/lpr mice. These data suggest a role of Dicer and miR-155 in regulating Treg cell phenotype. Furthermore, simultaneous appearance of Dicer insufficiency and miR-155 overexpression in diseased mice suggests a Dicer-independent alternative mechanism of miRNA regulation under inflammatory conditions."	0
"Title: Fibrosis in systemic sclerosis: emerging concepts and implications for targeted therapy. Abstract: Systemic sclerosis (SSc) is a complex and incompletely understood disease associated with fibrosis in multiple organs. Recent findings identify transforming growth factor-ß (TGF-ß), Wnt ligands, toll-like receptor-mediated signaling, hypoxia, type I interferon, type 2 immune responses and mechanical stress as extracellular cues that modulate fibroblast function and differentiation, and as potential targets for therapy. Moreover, fibrillin-1 has a major role in storing and regulating the bioavailability of TGF-ß and other cytokines, and fibrillin-1 mutations are implicated in a congenital form of scleroderma called stiff skin syndrome. Fibrosis is due not only to the activation of tissue-resident fibroblasts and their transdifferentiation into myofibroblasts, but also the differentiation of bone marrow-derived fibrocytes, and transition of endothelial and epithelial cells, pericytes and adipocytes into activated mesenchymal cells. These responses are modulated by signaling mediators and microRNAs that amplify or inhibit TGF-ß and Wnt signaling. Gain-of-function and loss-of-function abnormalities of these mediators may account for the characteristic activated phenotype of SSc fibroblasts. The nuclear orphan receptor PPAR-? plays a particularly important role in limiting the duration and intensity of fibroblast activation and differentiation, and impaired PPAR-? expression or function in SSc may underlie the uncontrolled progression of fibrosis. Identifying the perturbations in signaling pathways, mediators and differentiation programs that are responsible for SSc tissue damage allows their selective targeting. This in turn opens the door for therapies utilizing novel compounds, or drug repurposing by innovative uses of already-approved drugs. In view of the heterogeneous clinical presentation and unpredictable course of SSc, as well as its complex pathogenesis, only robust clinical trials incorporating the judicious application of biomarkers will be able to clarify the clinical utility of these innovative approaches."	0
"Title: miR-146a controls the resolution of T cell responses in mice. Abstract: T cell responses in mammals must be tightly regulated to both provide effective immune protection and avoid inflammation-induced pathology. NF-?B activation is a key signaling event induced by T cell receptor (TCR) stimulation. Dysregulation of NF-?B is associated with T cell-mediated inflammatory diseases and malignancies, highlighting the importance of negative feedback control of TCR-induced NF-?B activity. In this study we show that in mice, T cells lacking miR-146a are hyperactive in both acute antigenic responses and chronic inflammatory autoimmune responses. TCR-driven NF-?B activation up-regulates the expression of miR-146a, which in turn down-regulates NF-?B activity, at least partly through repressing the NF-?B signaling transducers TRAF6 and IRAK1. Thus, our results identify miR-146a as an important new member of the negative feedback loop that controls TCR signaling to NF-?B. Our findings also add microRNA to the list of regulators that control the resolution of T cell responses."	0
"Title: Silencing of MicroRNA-21 confers the sensitivity to tamoxifen and fulvestrant by enhancing autophagic cell death through inhibition of the PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Tamoxifen (TAM) and fulvestrant (FUL) represent the major adjuvant therapy to estrogen receptor-alpha positive (ER(+)) breast cancer patients. However, endocrine resistance to TAM and FUL is a great impediment for successful treatment. We hypothesized that miR-21 might alter the sensitivity of breast cancer cells to TAM or FUL by regulating cell autophagy. Using the ER(+) breast cancer cells, we knockdown miR-21.by transfection with miR-21 inhibitor, then the cells were exposed to TAM or FUL and the percentages of apoptosis and autophagy were determined. Knockdown of miR-21 significantly increased the TAM or FUL-induced apoptosis in ER(+) breast cancer cells. Further, silencing of miR-21 in MCF-7 cells enhanced cell autophagy at both basal and TAM or FUL-induced level. The increase of autophagy in miR-21-knockdown MCF-7 cells was also indicated by increase of beclin-1, LC3-II and increased GFP-LC3 dots. Importantly, knockdown of miR-21 contributed to autophagic cell death, which is responsible for part of TAM induced cell death in miR-21 inhibitor-transfected cells. Further analysis suggested that miR-21 inhibitor enhance autophagic cell death through inhibition of PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway. MiR-21 coordinated the function of autophagy and apoptosis by targeting Phosphatase and tensin homolog (PTEN) through inhibition of PI3K-AKT-mTOR pathway. In conclusion, silencing of miR-21 increased the sensitivity of ER(+) breast cancer cells to TAM or FUL by increasing autophagic cell death. Targeting autophagy-related miRNAs is a potential strategy for overcoming endocrine resistance to TAM and FUL."	0
"Title: Oncogenic HER2{Delta}16 suppresses miR-15a/16 and deregulates BCL-2 to promote endocrine resistance of breast tumors. Abstract: Tamoxifen is the most commonly prescribed therapy for patients with estrogen receptor (ER)?-positive breast tumors. Tumor resistance to tamoxifen remains a serious clinical problem especially in patients with tumors that also overexpress human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2). Current preclinical models of HER2 overexpression fail to recapitulate the clinical spectrum of endocrine resistance associated with HER2/ER-positive tumors. Here, we show that ectopic expression of a clinically important oncogenic isoform of HER2, HER2?16, which is expressed in >30% of ER-positive breast tumors, promotes tamoxifen resistance and estrogen independence of MCF-7 xenografts. MCF-7/HER2?16 cells evade tamoxifen through upregulation of BCL-2, whereas mediated suppression of BCL-2 expression or treatment of MCF-7/HER2?16 cells with the BCL-2 family pharmacological inhibitor ABT-737 restores tamoxifen sensitivity. Tamoxifen-resistant MCF-7/HER2?16 cells upregulate BCL-2 protein levels in response to suppressed ER? signaling mediated by estrogen withdrawal, tamoxifen treatment or fulvestrant treatment. In addition, HER2?16 expression results in suppression of BCL-2-targeting microRNAs miR-15a and miR-16. Reintroduction of miR-15a/16 reduced tamoxifen-induced BCL-2 expression and sensitized MCF-7/HER2?16 to tamoxifen. Conversely, inhibition of miR-15a/16 in tamoxifen-sensitive cells activated BCL-2 expression and promoted tamoxifen resistance. Our results suggest that HER2?16 expression promotes endocrine-resistant HER2/ER?-positive breast tumors and in contrast to wild-type HER2, preclinical models of HER2?16 overexpression recapitulate multiple phenotypes of endocrine-resistant human breast tumors. The mechanism of HER2?16 therapeutic evasion, involving tamoxifen-induced upregulation of BCL-2 and suppression of miR-15a/16, provides a template for unique therapeutic interventions combining tamoxifen with modulation of microRNAs and/or ABT-737-mediated BCL-2 inhibition and apoptosis."	0
"Title: Annexin-A1 and caldesmon are associated with resistance to tamoxifen in estrogen receptor positive recurrent breast cancer. Abstract: Tamoxifen therapy resistance constitutes a major cause of death in patients with recurrent estrogen receptor (ER) positive breast cancer. Through high resolution mass spectrometry (MS), we previously generated a 4-protein predictive signature for tamoxifen therapy outcome in recurrent breast cancer. ANXA1 and CALD1, which were not included in the classifier, were however the most differentially expressed proteins. We first evaluated the clinical relevance of these markers in our MS cohort, followed by immunohistochemical (IHC) staining on an independent set of tumors incorporated in a tissue microarray (TMA) and regression analysis in relation to time to progression (TTP), clinical benefit and objective response. In order to assess which mechanisms ANXA1 and CALD1 might been involved in, we performed Ingenuity pathway analysis (IPA) on ANXA1 and CALD1 correlated proteins in our MS cohort. ANXA1 (Hazard ratio [HR] = 1.83; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.22-2.75; P = 0.003) and CALD1 (HR = 1.57; 95% CI: 1.04-2.36; P = 0.039) based patient stratification showed significant association to TTP, while IHC staining on TMA showed that both ANXA1 (HR = 1.82; 95% CI: 1.12-3.00; P = 0.016) and CALD1 (HR = 2.29; 95% CI: 1.40-3.75; P = 0.001) expression was associated with shorter TTP independently of traditional predictive factors. Pearson correlation analysis showed that the majority of proteins correlated to ANXA1 also correlated with CALD1. IPA indicated that ANXA1 and CALD1 were associated with ER-downregulation and NF?B signaling. We hereby report that ANXA1 and CALD1 proteins are independent markers for tamoxifen therapy outcome and are associated to fast tumor progression."	0
"Title: Nanoparticles modified with tumor-targeting scFv deliver siRNA and miRNA for cancer therapy. Abstract: Targeted delivery of RNA-based therapeutics for cancer therapy remains a challenge. We have developed a LPH (liposome-polycation-hyaluronic acid) nanoparticle formulation modified with tumor-targeting single-chain antibody fragment (scFv) for systemic delivery of small interfering RNA (siRNA) and microRNA (miRNA) into experimental lung metastasis of murine B16F10 melanoma. The siRNAs delivered by the scFv targeted nanoparticles efficiently downregulated the target genes (c-Myc/MDM2/VEGF) in the lung metastasis. Two daily intravenous injections of the combined siRNAs in the GC4-targeted nanoparticles significantly reduced the tumor load in the lung. miRNA-34a (miR-34a) induced apoptosis, inhibited survivin expression, and downregulated MAPK pathway in B16F10 cells. miR-34a delivered by the GC4-targeted nanoparticles significantly downregulated the survivin expression in the metastatic tumor and reduced tumor load in the lung. When miR-34a and siRNAs were co-formulated in GC4-targeted nanoparticles, an enhanced anticancer effect was observed."	0
"Title: RNA Nanoparticle-Based Targeted Therapy for Glioblastoma through Inhibition of Oncogenic miR-21. Abstract: Targeted inhibition of oncogenic miRNA-21 has been proposed to treat glioblastoma by rescuing tumor suppressors, PTEN and PDCD4. However, systemic delivery of anti-miR-21 sequences requires a robust and efficient delivery platform to successfully inhibit this druggable target. Three-way-junction (3WJ)-based RNA nanoparticles (RNP), artificially derived from pRNA of bacteriophage phi29 DNA packaging motor, was recently shown to target glioblastoma. Here, we report that multi-valent folate (FA)-conjugated 3WJ RNP constructed to harbor anti-miR-21 LNA sequences (FA-3WJ-LNA-miR21) specifically targeted and delivered anti-miR-21 LNA and knocked down miR-21 expression in glioblastoma cells in vitro and in vivo with favorable biodistribution. Systemically injected FA-3WJ-LNA-miR21 RNP efficiently rescued PTEN and PDCD4, resulting in glioblastoma cell apoptosis and tumor growth regression. Overall survival rate was also significantly improved by FA-3WJ-LNA-miR21 RNP. These results are indicative of the clinical benefit of FA-3WJ RNP-based gene therapy for the successful targeted therapy of developing and even recurring glioblastoma."	0
"Title: Safety and activity of microRNA-loaded minicells in patients with recurrent malignant pleural mesothelioma: a first-in-man, phase 1, open-label, dose-escalation study. Abstract: TargomiRs are minicells (EnGeneIC Dream Vectors) loaded with miR-16-based mimic microRNA (miRNA) and targeted to EGFR that are designed to counteract the loss of the miR-15 and miR-16 family miRNAs, which is associated with unsuppressed tumour growth in preclinical models of malignant pleural mesothelioma. We aimed to assess the safety, optimal dosing, and activity of TargomiRs in patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma. Methods: In this first-in-man, open-label, dose-escalation phase 1 trial at three major cancer centres in Sydney (NSW, Australia), we recruited adults (aged ?18 years) with a confirmed diagnosis of malignant pleural mesothelioma, measurable disease, radiological signs of progression after previous chemotherapy, Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group performance status of 0 or 1, life expectancy of 3 months or more, immunohistochemical evidence of tumour EGFR expression, and adequate bone marrow, liver, and renal function. Patients were given TargomiRs via 20 min intravenous infusion either once or twice a week (3 days apart) in a traditional 3 + 3 dose-escalation design in five dose cohorts. The dose-escalation steps planned were 5 × 10 9 , 7 × 10 9 , and 9 × 10 9 TargomiRs either once or twice weekly, but after analysis of data from the first eight patients, all subsequent patients started protocol treatment at 1 × 10 9 TargomiRs. The primary endpoints were to establish the maximum tolerated dose of TargomiRs as measured by dose-limiting toxicity, define the optimal frequency of administration, and objective response (defined as the percentage of assessable patients with a complete or partial response), duration of response (defined as time from the first evidence of response to disease progression in patients who achieved a response), time to response (ie, time from start of treatment to the first evidence of response) and overall survival (defined as time from treatment allocation to death from any cause). Analyses were based on the full analysis set principle, including every patient who received at least one dose of TargomiRs. The study was closed for patient entry on Jan 3, 2017, and registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT02369198 , and the Australian Registry of Clinical Trials, number ACTRN12614001248651. Findings: Between Sept 29, 2014, and Nov 24, 2016, we enrolled 27 patients, 26 of whom received at least one TargomiR dose (one patient died before beginning treatment). Overall, five dose-limiting toxicities were noted: infusion-related inflammatory symptoms and coronary ischaemia, respectively, in two patients given 5 × 10 9 TargomiRs twice weekly; anaphylaxis and cardiomyopathy, respectively, in two patients given 5 × 10 9 TargomiRs once weekly but who received reduced dexamethasone prophylaxis; and non-cardiac pain in one patient who received 5 × 10 9 TargomiRs once weekly. We established that 5 × 10 9 TargomiRs once weekly was the maximum tolerated dose. TargomiR infusions were accompanied by transient lymphopenia (25 [96%] of 26 patients), temporal hypophosphataemia (17 [65%] of 26 patients), increased aspartate aminotransferase or alanine aminotranferase (six [23%] of 26 patients), and increased alkaline phosphatase blood concentrations (two [8%]). Cardiac events occurred in five patients: three patients had electrocardiographic changes, one patient had ischaemia, and one patient had Takotsubo cardiomyopathy. Of the 22 patients who were assessed for response by CT, one (5%) had a partial response, 15 (68%) had stable disease, and six (27%) had progressive disease. The proportion of patients who achieved an objective response was therefore one (5%) of 22, and the duration of the objective response in that patient was 32 weeks. Median overall survival was 200 days (95% CI 94-358). During the trial, 21 deaths occurred, of which 20 were related to tumour progression and one was due to bowel perforation. Interpretation: The acceptable safety profile and early signs of activity of TargomiRs in patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma support additional studies of TargomiRs in combination with chemotherapy or immune checkpoint inhibitors. Funding: Asbestos Diseases Research Foundation."	0
"Title: Exploration of miRNA families for hypotheses generation. Abstract: Technological improvements have resulted in increased discovery of new microRNAs (miRNAs) and refinement and enrichment of existing miRNA families. miRNA families are important because they suggest a common sequence or structure configuration in sets of genes that hint to a shared function. Exploratory tools to enhance investigation of characteristics of miRNA families and the functions of family-specific miRNA genes are lacking. We have developed, miRNAVISA, a user-friendly web-based tool that allows customized interrogation and comparisons of miRNA families for hypotheses generation, and comparison of per-species chromosomal distribution of miRNA genes in different families. This study illustrates hypothesis generation using miRNAVISA in seven species. Our results unveil a subclass of miRNAs that may be regulated by genomic imprinting, and also suggest that some miRNA families may be species-specific, as well as chromosome- and/or strand-specific."	0
"Title: High-throughput microRNAome analysis in human germ cell tumours. Abstract: Testicular germ cell tumours (GCTs) of adolescents and adults can be subdivided into seminomas (referred to as dysgerminomas of the ovary) and non-seminomas, all referred to as type II GCTs. They originate from carcinoma in situ (CIS), being the malignant counterparts of primordial germ cells (PGCs)/gonocytes. The invasive components mimic embryogenesis, including the stem cell component embryonal carcinoma (EC), the somatic lineage teratoma (TE), and the extra-embryonic tissues yolk sac tumour (YST) and choriocarcinoma (CH). The other type is the so-called spermatocytic seminomas (SS, type III GCT), composed of neoplastic primary spermatocytes. We reported previously that the miRNAs hsa-miR 371-373 cluster is involved in overruling cellular senescence induced by oncogenic stress, allowing cells to become malignant. Here we report the first high-throughput screen of 156 microRNAs in a series of type II and III GCTs (n = 69, in duplicate) using a quantitative PCR-based approach. After normalization to allow inter-sample analysis, the technical replicates clustered together, and the previous hsa-miRNA 371-373 cluster finding was confirmed. Unsupervised cluster analysis demonstrated that the cell lines are different from the in vivo samples. The in vivo samples, both normal and malignant, clustered predominantly based on their maturation status. This parallels normal embryogenesis, rather than chromosomal anomalies in the tumours. miRNAs within a single cluster showed a similar expression pattern, implying common regulatory mechanisms. Normal testicular tissue expressed most discriminating miRNAs at a higher level than SE and SS. Moreover, differentiated non-seminomas showed overexpression of discriminating miRNAs. These results support the model that miRNAs are involved in regulating differentiation of stem cells, retained in GCTs."	0
"Title: miR-21 and miR-31 converge on TIAM1 to regulate migration and invasion of colon carcinoma cells. Abstract: TGF-? promotes cell migration and invasion, an attribute that is linked to the pro-metastasis function of this cytokine in late stage cancers. The LIM 1863 colon carcinoma organoid undergoes epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in response to TGF-?. This process is markedly accelerated by TNF-?, and we found that the levels of miR-21 and miR-31 were prominently elevated under the synergistic actions of TGF-?/TNF-?. Consistent with this, overexpression of either miR-21 or miR-31 significantly enhanced the effect of TGF-? alone on LIM 1863 morphological changes. More importantly, transwell assays demonstrated the positive effects of both miR-21 and miR-31 in TGF-? regulation of LIM 1863 motility and invasiveness. Elevated levels of miR-21 and miR-31 also enhanced motility and invasiveness of other colon carcinoma cell lines. We present compelling evidence that TIAM1, a guanidine exchange factor of the Rac GTPase, is a direct target of both miR-21 and miR-31. Indeed in LIM 1863 cells, suppression of TIAM1 is required for miR-21/miR-31 to enhance cell migration and invasion. Therefore, we have uncovered miR-21 and miR-31 as downstream effectors of TGF-? in facilitating invasion and metastasis of colon carcinoma cells."	0
"Title: 1st International consensus guidelines for advanced breast cancer (ABC 1). Abstract: The 1st international Consensus Conference for Advanced Breast Cancer (ABC 1) took place on November 2011, in Lisbon. Consensus guidelines for the management of this disease were developed. This manuscript summarizes these international consensus guidelines."	0
"Title: Aberrant inflammation and resistance to glucocorticoids in annexin 1-/- mouse. Abstract: The 37-kDa protein annexin 1 (Anx-1; lipocortin 1) has been implicated in the regulation of phagocytosis, cell signaling, and proliferation and is postulated to be a mediator of glucocorticoid action in inflammation and in the control of anterior pituitary hormone release. Here, we report that mice lacking the Anx-1 gene exhibit a complex phenotype that includes an altered expression of other annexins as well as of COX-2 and cPLA2. In carrageenin- or zymosan-induced inflammation, Anx-1-/- mice exhibit an exaggerated response to the stimuli characterized by an increase in leukocyte emigration and IL-1beta generation and a partial or complete resistance to the antiinflammatory effects of glucocorticoids. Anx-1-/- polymorphonuclear leucocytes exhibited increased spontaneous migratory behavior in vivo whereas in vitro, leukocytes from Anx-1-/- mice had reduced cell surface CD 11b (MAC-1) but enhanced CD62L (L-selectin) expression and Anx-1-/- macrophages exhibited anomalies in phagocytosis. There are also gender differences in activated leukocyte behavior in the Anx-1-/- mice that are not seen in the wild-type animals, suggesting an interaction between sex hormones and inflammation in Anx-1-/- animals."	0
"Title: A serum microRNA classifier for early detection of hepatocellular carcinoma: a multicentre, retrospective, longitudinal biomarker identification study with a nested case-control study. Abstract: The ability of circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) to detect preclinical hepatocellular carcinoma has not yet been reported. We aimed to identify and assess a serum miRNA combination that could detect the presence of clinical and preclinical hepatocellular carcinoma in at-risk patients. Methods: We did a three-stage study that included healthy controls, inactive HBsAg carriers, individuals with chronic hepatitis B, individuals with hepatitis B-induced liver cirrhosis, and patients with diagnosed hepatocellular carcinoma from four hospitals in China. We used array analysis and quantitative PCR to identify 19 candidate serum miRNAs that were increased in six patients with hepatocellular carcinoma compared with eight control patients with chronic hepatitis B. Using a training cohort of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma and controls, we built a serum miRNA classifier to detect hepatocellular carcinoma. We then validated the classifiers' ability in two independent cohorts of patients and controls. We also established the classifiers' ability to predict preclinical hepatocellular carcinoma in a nested case-control study with sera prospectively collected from patients with hepatocellular carcinoma before clinical diagnosis and from matched individuals with hepatitis B who did not develop cancer from the same surveillance programme. We used the sensitivity, specificity, and area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) to evaluate diagnostic performance, and compared the miRNA classifier with ?-fetoprotein at a cutoff of 20 ng/mL (AFP20). Findings: Between Aug 1, 2009, and Aug 31, 2013, we recruited 257 participants to the training cohort, and 352 and 139 participants to the two independent validation cohorts. In the third validation cohort, 27 patients with hepatocellular carcinoma and 135 matched controls were included in the nested case-control study, which ran from Aug 1, 2009, to Aug 31, 2014. We identified a miRNA classifier (Cmi) containing seven differentially expressed miRNAs (miR-29a, miR-29c, miR-133a, miR-143, miR-145, miR-192, and miR-505) that could detect hepatocellular carcinoma. Cmi showed higher accuracy than AFP20 to distinguish individuals with hepatocellular carcinoma from controls in the validation cohorts, but not in the training cohort (AUC 0·826 [95% CI 0·771-0·880] vs 0·814 [0·756-0·872], p=0·72 in the training cohort; 0·817 [0·769-0·865] vs 0·709 [0·653-0·765], p=0·00076 in validation cohort 1; and 0·884 [0·818-0·951] vs 0·796 [0·706-0·886], p=0·042 for validation cohort 2). In all four cohorts, Cmi had higher sensitivity (range 70·4-85·7%) than did AFP20 (40·7-69·4%) to detect hepatocellular carcinoma at the time of diagnosis, whereas its specificity (80·0-91·1%) was similar to that of AFP20 (84·9-100%). In the nested case-control study, sensitivity of Cmi to detect hepatocellular carcinoma was 29·6% (eight of 27 cases) 12 months before clinical diagnosis, 48·1% (n=13) 9 months before clinical diagnosis, 48·1% (n=13) 6 months before clinical diagnosis, and 55·6% (n=15) 3 months before clinical diagnosis, whereas sensitivity of AFP20 was only 7·4% (n=2), 11·1% (n=3), 18·5% (n=5), and 22·2% (n=6) at the corresponding timepoints (p=0·036, p=0·0030, p=0·021, p=0·012, respectively). Cmi had a larger AUC than did AFP20 to identify small-size (AUC 0·833 [0·782-0·883] vs 0·727 [0·664-0·792], p=0·0018) and early-stage (AUC 0·824 [0·781-0·868] vs 0·754 [0·702-0·806], p=0·015) hepatocellular carcinoma and could also detect ?-fetoprotein-negative (AUC 0·825 [0·779-0·871]) hepatocellular carcinoma. Interpretation: Cmi is a potential biomarker for hepatocellular carcinoma, and can identify small-size, early-stage, and ?-fetoprotein-negative hepatocellular carcinoma in patients at risk. The miRNA classifier could be valuable to detect preclinical hepatocellular carcinoma, providing patients with a chance of curative resection and longer survival. Funding: National Key Basic Research Program, National Science and Technology Major Project, National Natural Science Foundation of China."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-217 functions as a tumor suppressor in cervical cancer cells through targeting Rho-associated protein kinase 1. Abstract: The abnormal expression of microRNAs (miRNAs/miRs) has been widely reported in various tumor types. miR-217 was demonstrated to be aberrantly expressed in a number of tumors, including pancreatic adenocarcinoma and osteosarcoma; however, its specific expression pattern has never been investigated in cervical cancer cells. Compared with normal control, the level of Rho-associated protein kinase 1 (ROCK1) expression was markedly increased in cervical cancer tissues and cells compared with that in non-cancerous tissues and cells. The expression of miR-217 was significantly reduced in cervical cancer tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-217 could suppress colony formation and the cell invasion capacity of SiHa and HeLa cells. Flow cytometry indicated that miR-217 significantly increased cell apoptosis in SiHa and HeLa cells. Dual-luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that ROCK1 was a target gene of miR-217. In addition, overexpression of ROCK1 also led to an increased invasion capacity in SiHa cells, even when miR-217 was inhibited, indicating that the anti-invasive effects of miR-217 were mediated through ROCK1. In summary, the results of the present study indicated that miR-217 functions as a tumor suppressor in cervical cancer cells, primarily by targeting ROCK1."	0
"Title: Presence of autoantibody for phospholipase inhibitory protein, lipomodulin, in patients with rheumatic diseases. Abstract: The activity of phospholipase inhibitory protein, lipomodulin, partially purified from rabbit neutrophils, was markedly decreased after treatment with sera from patients with rheumatic diseases such as systemic lupus erythematosus, rheumatoid arthritis, and dermatomyositis. The decrease of the protein's inhibitory activity on phospholipase A2 paralleled the amount of [35S]methionine-labeled lipomodulin precipitated by the sera. Absorption of patients' sera with anti-human IgM (mu chain) or protein A-agarose, but not with anti-human IgG (gamma chain), decreased their ability to decrease the activity of lipomodulin on phospholipase A2 or to precipitate the radioactive lipomodulin. The IgM fraction of patients' sera could precipitate [35S]methionine-labeled lipomodulin (40,000 daltons) which comigrated with highly purified lipomodulin on gel electrophoresis with sodium dodecyl sulfate. All of these observations suggest that the sera of many patients with rheumatic diseases contain autoantibody against lipomodulin. A monoclonal antibody against lipomodulin was also obtained. Stimulating human fibroblasts with bradykinin in the presence of monoclonal antilipomodulin antibody markedly enhanced arachidonic acid release due to the activation of phospholipase(s) in the intact cells, and this stimulatory effect was blocked by adding purified lipomodulin. These findings suggest that lipomodulin regulates the activity of phospholipase(s) on the cell surface and that autoantibodies against lipomodulin may play a role in certain symptoms of rheumatic diseases, especially by the formation of prostaglandins and other metabolites of arachidonic acid."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-9 suppresses uveal melanoma cell migration and invasion through the NF-?B1 pathway. Abstract: The aggressive course of uveal melanoma is believed to reflect its unusually invasive and metastatic nature, which is associated with the nuclear factor kappaB (NF-?B) pathway. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) have been implicated in the regulation of various biological and pathological processes in cancer, however, the special role of miR-9 in uveal melanoma metastasis is largely unknown. In the present study, we showed that miR-9 is significantly reduced in highly invasive uveal melanoma cell lines, and suppressed migration and invasion of highly invasive cells. Furthermore, miR-9 negatively modulated NF-?B1 expression by direct targeting at its 3'-UTRs. Additionally, downstream targets of NF-?B1, such as MMP-2, MMP-9 and VEGFA, were regulated by miR-9 in the same pattern as NF-?B1. Therefore, miR-9 suppresses uveal melanoma cell migration and invasion partly through downregulation of the NF-?B1 signaling pathway."	0
"Title: Diagnostic and prognostic significance of miRNA signatures in tissues and plasma of endometrioid endometrial carcinoma patients. Abstract: The aim of our study was to define tissue and plasma miRNA signatures, which could potentially serve as diagnostic and prognostic markers in endometrioid endometrial cancer (EEC) and to investigate miRNA profiles in regard to clinicopathological characteristics. Tissue and plasma samples were collected from 122 women (77 EEC and 45 controls). Expression profiling of 866 human miRNAs and 89 human viral miRNAs was performed in 24 samples and was followed by qPCR validation in 104 patients. Expression of 16 miRNAs was analyzed in 48 plasma samples. Microarray study revealed regulation of 21 miRNAs in EEC tissues comparing to normal endometrium. Altered expression of 17 miRNAs was confirmed by qPCR performed in 104 tissue samples. Seven miRNAs were upregulated and two were downregulated in EEC plasma samples. Expression of a number of miRNAs was associated with International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage, grade, relapse and nodal metastases. Two miRNA signatures: miR-92a/miR-410 and miR-92a/miR-205/miR-410 classified tumor tissues with higher accuracy in comparison to single miRNAs (AUC: 0.977, 95% CI: 0.927-0.996 and 0.984, 95% CI: 0.938-0.999, respectively). miRNA signature composed of miR-205 and miR-200a predicted relapse with AUC of 0.854 (95% CI: 0.691-0.951). Tissue miRNA signatures were independent prognostic markers of overall (miR-1228/miR-200c/miR-429, HR: 2.98) and progression-free survival (miR-1228/miR-429, HR: 2.453). Plasma miRNA signatures: miR-9/miR-1228 and miR-9/miR-92a, classified EEC plasma samples with high accuracy yielding AUCs of 0.909 (95% CI: 0.789-973) and 0.913 (95% CI: 0.794-0.976), respectively. We conclude that miRNA signatures hold a great promise to become noninvasive biomarkers for early EEC detection and prognosis."	0
"Title: Expression of miR-146a in patients with ovarian cancer and its clinical significance. Abstract: The aim of the present retrospective study was to compare microRNA (miR)-146a expression levels in primary tumors and omental metastases of 48 patients, who had undergone surgery for advanced ovarian serous cancer. Possible correlations between miR-146a expression level and clinicopathological features were investigated, including chemosensitivity and survival. miR-146a was evaluated in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded samples. miR-146a expression level in primary tumors was demonstrated to be increased in comparison with normal ovary tissues (P=0.02) and metastases (P=0.01). A negative correlation was demonstrated between miR-146a expression in primary tumors and serum levels of cancer antigen 125 (R=-0.37; P=0.03) and Risk of Malignancy Algorithm index (R=-0.79; P=0.0007). Overall survival positively correlated with miR-146a expression in primary tumor tissue samples (R=0.38; P=0.01). Probability of survival was decreased in patients with low miR-146a expression levels in primary tumor tissues (hazard ratio=0.21; P=0.003). Lower levels of miR-146a in primary tumor tissue samples were correlated with a shorter progression-free survival (P=0.04) and platinum-resistance of metastases (P=0.006). In conclusion, miR-146a may be a prognostic marker for serous ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Downregulation of Sprouty homolog 2 by microRNA-21 inhibits proliferation, metastasis and invasion, however promotes the apoptosis of multiple myeloma cells. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to assess the effects of sprouty homolog 2 (SPRY2) gene regulation by miR-21 on the occurrence, development and tumor metastasis in multiple myeloma (MM). The miR-21 expression lentiviral vector (LV)-anti-miR-21 and a liposome transfection method were used to screen MM cell lines with stable silent SPRY2. Real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction (PCR) and western blot analyses were used to detect SPRY2 expression and miR-21 protein expression levels. An MTT assay was used to assess cell proliferation. Flow cytometry was used for analysis of cell cycle. A scratch test/wound healing assay was used to detect the cell migration ability. A Transwell assay was used to detect the cell invasion ability. Real-time quantitative PCR and western blot analysis showed that in the MM cell lines with high endogenous miR-21 expression (RPMI8226 and KM3), SPRY2 expression was significantly lower. Conversely, in the U266 cell line with low endogenous miR-21 expression, SPRY2 expression was significantly higher, and the gray values of miR-21 and SPRY2 protein in the respective cell lines showed statistically significant differences (P<0.01). Following transfection of U266 cells, the expression of miR-21 in the U266/LV-anti-miR21 lentiviral multiplicity of infection (MOI) 20 group and -MOI 40 group decreased significantly compared with that in the untransfected U266 group (P<0.05). SPRY2 protein expression in U266 cells transfected with miR-21 mimics was significantly reduced compared with that in the non-transfected (untreated) group and the negative control-transfected group (P<0.01). An MTT assay showed that compared with the non-transfected and negative control groups, the cell growth rate as well as the proliferation rate were significantly decreased in the transfection group 48, 72 and 96 h after transfection (P<0.01). Flow cytometric analysis showed that 48 and 72 h after transfection of U266 cells with miR-21 mimics, the apoptotic rates were (24.7 ± 1.97 and 38.6 ± 1.56%) in the U266 group, (27.3 ± 1.72 and 37.3 ± 1.59%) in the siRNA group and (12.7 ± 1.27 and 22.1 ± 1.63%) in the U266/miR-21 group. Compared with the two control groups, the apoptotic rate in the U266/miR-21 group was significantly decreased and the G0/G1 phase cell population was significantly reduced (P<0.05). Scratch experiments showed that the cell migration ability was significantly reduced in the transfection group 24 and 48 h after transfection (P<0.05). A Transwell invasion assay confirmed that the number of U266 cells which migrated through a Matrigel-covered polyphosphate membrane significantly decreased in the transfection group 24 and 48 h after transfection. The cell-penetrating ability was also significantly decreased (P<0.05). In conclusion, the downregulation of SPRY2 gene expression mediated by miR-21 promotes the proliferation and invasion of MM cells in vitro, suggesting that miR-21 may be a novel potential molecular therapeutic target in the treatment of MM."	0
"Title: Investigation of microRNA-155 as a serum diagnostic and prognostic biomarker for colorectal cancer. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to explore serum microRNA-155 (miR-155) expression in patients with colorectal cancer (CRC) and examined the potential usefulness of this molecule as a biomarker for diagnosis and prognosis in CRC. Serum samples were obtained between May 2007 and March 2013 from 146 CRC patients and 60 healthy controls. Serum miR-155 expression levels were measured by quantitative real time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Survival curves were obtained using the Kaplan-Meier method and assessed by the log-rank test. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was used for the prediction of cut-off values of the markers. Serum miR-155 expression level on average was upregulated in CRC patients compared with the matched healthy controls (P < 0.001). ROC curve analysis showed that miR-155 was a useful marker for discriminating cases from healthy controls, with an area under the ROC curve (AUC) of 0.776 (95% confidence interval (CI) 0.714 to 0.837, P < 0.001). Kaplan-Meier analysis with the log-rank test indicated that high serum miR-155 expression had a significant impact on overall survival (38.2 vs. 69.9%; P < 0.001) and progression-free survival (34.8 vs. 66.0%; P < 0.001). In conclusion, the detection of miR-155 levels in the serum might serve as a new tumor biomarker in the diagnosis and assessment of prognosis of CRC."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs 125a and 125b inhibit ovarian cancer cells through post-transcriptional inactivation of EIF4EBP1. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to identify the specific miRNAs involved in regulation of EIF4EBP1 expression in ovarian cancer and to define their biological function. miRNA mimics and miRNA inhibitors were used in quantitative PCR, western blotting, and luciferase reporter assays to assess cell migration, invasiveness, and viability. miR-125a and miR-125b were downregulated in ovarian cancer tissue and cell lines relative to healthy controls. Increased expression of miR-125a and miR-125b inhibited invasion and migration of SKOV3 and OVCAR-429 ovarian cancer cells and was associated with a decrease in EIF4EBP1 expression. The inverse relationship between miR-125a and miR-125b was corroborated by cotransfection of a luciferase reporter plasmid. Furthermore, miR-125a and miR-125b caused apoptosis and decreased cell viability and migration in an apparently EIF4EBP1-directed manner. Collectively, these results indicate that miR-125a and miR-125b are important posttranscriptional regulators of EIF4EBP1 expression, providing rationale for new therapeutic approaches to suppress tumour invasion and migration using miR-125a, miR-125b, or their mimics for the treatment of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: microRNA-218 expression and its association with the clinicopathological characteristics of patients with cervical cancer. Abstract: The aim of the present study was to investigate the expression of microRNA-218 (miRNA-218) in the serum and cervical tissue and its association with the clinicopathological features of cervical cancer (CC). The expression of miRNA-218 was detected in the serum and cervical tissue of 112 patients with CC and 50 age-matched hysteromyoma patients via the reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. The clinical data were collected and the association between the expression of miRNA-218 and the clinicopathological characteristics of the patients was analyzed. The expression of miRNA-218 in the cancer group was significantly decreased in the cervical tissue and serum compared with that in the control group (P<0.001). The decreased expression of miRNA-218 was associated with a later International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics stage, a more invasive pathological type and lymphatic node metastasis but not with age, age at menarche, menopausal status, number of pregnancies and deliveries, family history of cancer or tumor size. In conclusion, miRNA-218 was found to be downregulated in the cancer tissue and serum of the patients with CC. The decreased expression of miRNA-218 in CC was associated with the invasiveness of the tumor."	0
"Title: Down-regulation of miR-145 and miR-143 might be associated with DNA methyltransferase 3B overexpression and worse prognosis in endometrioid carcinomas. Abstract: The aim of this study was to determine the clinicopathologic significance of miR-145 and miR-143 down-regulation in endometrial cancers. The microRNA profiles were analyzed by microRNA microarray. The expression levels of miR-145 and miR-143 in 73 endometrial cancers were further determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Potential targets of miR-145/143 were defined. The status of DNA methyltransferase 3B (DNMT3B), mutL homologs 1, and phosphatase and tensin homolog was assessed using immunohistochemistry. miR-145 and miR-143 frequently co-down-regulated in endometrial cancers, but the expression levels varied greatly between endometrioid carcinomas (ECs) and non-ECs (NECs); they were significantly lower in ECs than in NECs (P < .05). DNMT3B was defined as a potential target of miR-145/143 by Internet algorithms. In ECs, DNMT3B overexpression occurred more often in the miR-145 and miR-143 down-regulation subgroups, and the correlation between DNMT3B and miR-145 status reached statistical significance (P = .021), whereas such phenomena were not present in NECs (P > .05). In univariate analysis, the combination of DNMT3B overexpression and miR-145 or miR-143 down-regulation was more powerful in predicting shorter survival (P < .05) than use of the biomarkers individually (P > .05). In multivariate analysis, such combination was not an independent predictor of disease-free survival (P > .05). Our findings suggest that the target and function of miR-145 and miR-143 may differ in ECs versus NECs. DNMT3B might be a potential target of miR-145 and miR-143 in ECs. Furthermore, the combined miR-145 or miR-143 and DNMT3B status may have a prognostic impact on ECs."	0
"Title: Role of gelatinases (matrix metalloproteinases 2 and 9), vascular endothelial growth factor and endostatin on clinicopathological behaviour of rectal cancer. Abstract: The aim of this study was to evaluate the role of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs), their tissue inhibitors [tissue inhibitors of metalloproteinases (TIMPs)] and activators [membrane-type MMPs (MT1-MMPs)], vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) and endostatin on clinicopathological variables and prognosis in patients with rectal cancer. Method: Paired samples of tumour tissue and normal tissue were obtained from patients with rectal cancer who underwent curative surgery (n = 34). Gelatin zymography for MMP-2 and MMP-9, an activity assay for MT1-MMP and enzyme-linked immunoassays for TIMP-2, VEGF and endostatin were performed using extracts from the paired tissue samples. Results: Active MMP-9 showed statistically significant relationships with metastatic disease and perineural invasion (P = 0.002 and P = 0.042). A significant relationship was observed between the levels of tumoral pro-MMP-2 and pro-MMP-9 and the presence of lymph node metastasis (P = 0.012 and P = 0.021, respectively). Tumoral TIMP-2 levels showed a significant relationship with tumour recurrence (P = 0.011). A significant relationship was also observed between tumour VEGF levels and the presence of perineural invasion (P = 0.044), and VEGF levels were correlated with the size of the tumour (P = 0.009, r = 0.454). Conclusion: These results might contribute to further investigation of a possible prognostic significance in rectal cancer."	0
"Title: Decreased expression of annexin A1 during the progression of cervical neoplasia. Abstract: The aim of this study was to evaluate whether the expression of annexin A1 (ANXA1) is associated with the progression of cervical neoplasia. ANXA1 expression was examined by immunohistochemistry in paraffin-embedded cervical tissue samples (n = 234), comprising 52 samples of normal cervical epithelia, 30 of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia (CIN) I, 27 of CIN II, 32 of CIN III, and 93 of invasive squamous cell carcinoma (ISCC). ANXA1 expression was strong in normal cervical squamous epithelium and significantly reduced with increasing progression of cervical neoplasia. Moreover, a close association was observed between ANXA1 expression and tumour cell differentiation in ISCC. These preliminary results indicate that ANXA1 may be an effective candidate for detecting CIN lesions and for evaluating tumour cell differentiation in squamous cell carcinoma of the cervix."	0
"Title: A Novel Serum 4-microRNA Signature for Lung Cancer Detection. Abstract: The aim of this study was to identify differentially-expressed miRNAs in the serum of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients that might be a clinically-useful tool for lung cancer early detection. We performed miRNA expression profile analysis using TaqMan OpenArray Human panel in a discovery set of 70 serum samples obtained at lung tumor resection and 22 non-cancer subjects (NC). Selected serum miRNAs were then validated by quantitative PCR using an independent validation set of serum samples from LC patients (n = 84) and NC (n = 23). Sixty miRNAs were significantly up-regulated and 31 were down-regulated in the serum from NSCLC patients versus NC (adjusted p < 0.001). Four miRNAs (miR-193b, miR-301, miR-141 and miR-200b) were selected for validating their diagnostic value in an independent cohort. In the discovery set, the ROC plot derived from the combination of these miRNAs yielded an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.985 (95% CI 0.961-1.000, p < 0.001). In the test set, this miRNA signature exhibited an AUC of 0.993 (95% CI 0.979-1.000, p < 0.001). In conclusion, we identified a serum 4-miRNA signature that discriminated with high accuracy lung cancer patients from NC. Further prospective validation of this miRNA signature is warranted."	0
"Title: Identification of ANXA1 as a lymphatic metastasis and poor prognostic factor in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma. Abstract: The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical significance of annexin a1 (ANXA1) and provide molecular evidence to support that decreased ANXA1 expression could enhance cancer migration and invasion in pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC). Materials and methods: Immunohistochemistry of a tissue microarray with 162 surgically resected PDAC specimens was performed to examine the expression of ANXA1. We also investigated the relationship between ANXA1 expression and clinicopathological factors and prognosis of PDAC patients. We further studied the role of ANXA1 in PDAC cell proliferation, migration and invasion by cell proliferation assay, migration assay and matrigel invasion assay with reduced ANXA1 expression by RNAi. Western blotting was used to detect matrix metalloproteinase-9 (MMP-9), and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-1 (TIMP-1) expression. We also detected MMP-9 enzyme activity by gelatin zymography. Results: Decreased expression of ANXA1 was significantly associated with poor differentiation, lymph node metastasis and advanced TNM stage of PDAC patients (p<0.05). Moreover, decreased expression of ANXA1 was correlated with poor survival (p<0.05). Furthermore, we found that ANXA1 knockdown inhibited cell proliferation, induced G1 phase cell cycle arrest, increased PDAC cell migration and invasion capacity compared with controls. In addition, Western blotting showed that ANXA1 knockdown increased the MMP-9 protein level and decreased TIMP-1 expression. Gelatin zymography showed that MMP-9 enzyme activity was also elevated. Conclusions: Negative ANXA1 expression is a most unfavorable prognostic factor for PDAC patients. ANXA1 knockdown inhibits cell proliferation by inducing G1 phase cell cycle arrest and increases migration and invasion of PDAC cells through up-regulating MMP-9 expression and activity, implying that ANXA1 may serve as a promising prognostic biomarker and therapeutic target for PDAC."	0
"Title: microRNA-21 overexpression contributes to cell proliferation by targeting PTEN in endometrioid endometrial cancer. Abstract: The aim of this study was to investigate the role of microRNA-21 (miR-21) in the regulation of phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted from chromosome-10 (PTEN) expression and proliferation of endometrioid endometrial cancer (EEC) cells. We performed a qRT-PCR assay with miR-21 and PTEN in 16 paired EEC tumor tissues and adjacent non-tumor endometrium. To investigate the regulation of PTEN by miR-21, we designed gain- and loss-of-function of miR-21 experiments in the KLE cell line by transfection with a synthetic miR-21 mimic and inhibitor. To validate the putative binding site of miR-21 in the 3' untranslated region (3'-UTR) of PTEN messenger RNA (mRNA), a dual-luciferase reporter assay was carried out. To evaluate the potential effect of miR-21 on EEC proliferation, we performed both overexpression experiments, using an miR-21 mimic, and inhibition assays, using an miR-21 inhibitor. miR-21 was overexpressed in EEC and was inversely correlated with PTEN protein expression (P<0.001). miR-21 regulated PTEN protein expression and cell proliferation in the KLE cell line and the direct binding of miR-21 to the PTEN 3'-UTR was confirmed using a dual-luciferase reporter assay. The upregulation of miR-21 led to a significant decrease in the PTEN protein expression level (P=0.007). The downregulation of miR-21 led to a significant increase in PTEN protein (P=0.002). The expression of luciferase in the wt-PTEN-3'-UTR-pGL3 group was downregulated in the presence of the miR-21 mimic (P=0.001). miR-21 was overexpressed in EEC. In conclusion, we demonstrated that the expression of PTEN protein, but not mRNA, was negatively directly regulated by miR-21 in the KLE cell line. The overexpression of miR-21 modulated EEC cell proliferation through the downregulation of PTEN."	0
"Title: Identification and characterization of a novel gene, C13orf25, as a target for 13q31-q32 amplification in malignant lymphoma. Abstract: The amplification at 13q31-q32 has been reported in not only hematopoietic malignancies but also in other solid tumors. We identified previously frequent amplification of chromosomal band 13q31-q32 in 70 cases of diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients by conventional comparative genomic hybridization analysis. In an attempt to identify a candidate gene within this region, we used array comparative genomic hybridization and fluorescent in situ hybridization to map the 13q31-q32 amplicon. We then screened the 65 expressed sequence tags and Glypican 5 (GPC5) by reverse transcription-PCR and Northern blotting. As a result, we identified a novel gene, designated Chromosome 13 open reading frame 25 (C13orf25), which was overexpressed in B-cell lymphoma cell lines and diffuse large B-cell lymphoma patients with 13q31-q32 amplifications. However, GPC5, which has been reported to be a target gene for 13q31-q32 amplification, was truncated in one cell line, Rec1, possessing the amplification, and its expression in various cell lines with amplification at 13q31-q32 was not significantly different from that in other cell lines without amplification, suggesting that GPC5 is not likely to be the candidate gene. Additional analysis identified two major transcripts in the C13orf25 gene. The two transcripts A and B predicted open reading frames of 32 and 70-amino acid polypeptides, respectively. The former has been reported as bA121J7.2, which is conserved among species. Transcript-B also contained seven mature microRNAs in its untranslated region. These results suggest that the C13orf25 gene is the most likely candidate gene for the 13q31-q32 amplicon found in hematopoietic malignancies."	0
"Title: Annexin 1: the new face of an old molecule. Abstract: The annexin superfamily consists of 13 calcium or calcium and phospholipid binding proteins with a significant degree of biological and structural homology (40-60%). First described in the late 1970s and subsequently referred to as macrocortin, renocortin, lipomodulin, lipocortin-1, and more recently Annexin 1, this 37 kDa calcium and phospholipid binding protein is a strong inhibitor of glucocorticoid-induced eicosanoid synthesis and PLA2. Recent interest in the biological activity of this intriguing molecule has unraveled important functional attributes of Annexin 1 in a variety of inflammatory pathways, on cell proliferation machinery, in the regulation of cell death signaling, in phagocytic clearance of apoptosing cells, and most importantly in the process of carcinogenesis. Here we attempt to present a short review on these diverse biological activities of an interesting and important molecule, which could be a potential target for novel therapeutic intervention in a host of disease states."	0
"Title: Characterisation and protein expression profiling of annexins in colorectal cancer. Abstract: The annexins are family of calcium-regulated phospholipid-binding proteins with diverse roles in cell biology. Individual annexins have been implicated in tumour development and progression, and in this investigation a range of annexins have been studied in colorectal cancer. Annexins A1, A2, A4 and A11 were identified by comparative proteomic analysis to be overexpressed in colorectal cancer. Annexins A1, A2, A4 and A11 were further studied by immunohistochemistry with a colorectal cancer tissue microarray containing primary and metastatic colorectal cancer and also normal colon. There was significant increase in expression in annexins A1 (P=0.01), A2 (P<0.001), A4 (P<0.001) and A11 (P<0.001) in primary tumours compared with normal colon. There was increasing expression of annexins A2 (P=0.001), A4 (P=0.03) and A11 (P=0.006) with increasing tumour stage. An annexin expression profile was identified by k-means cluster analysis, and the annexin profile was associated with tumour stage (P=0.01) and also patient survival. Patients in annexin cluster group 1 (low annexin expression) had a better survival (log rank=5.33, P=0.02) than patients in cluster group 2 (high annexins A4 and A11 expression). In conclusion, this study has shown that individual annexins are present in colorectal cancer, specific annexins are overexpressed in colorectal cancer and the annexin expression profile is associated with survival."	0
"Title: Cloning and expression of human lipocortin, a phospholipase A2 inhibitor with potential anti-inflammatory activity. Abstract: The anti-inflammatory action of glucocorticoids has been attributed to the induction of a group of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortin. These proteins are thought to control the biosynthesis of the potent mediators of inflammation, prostaglandins and leukotrienes, by inhibiting the release of their common precursor, arachidonic acid, a process that requires phospholipase A2 hydrolysis of phospholipids. Lipocortin-like proteins have been isolated from various cell types, including monocytes, neutrophils and renal medullary cell preparations. The predominant active form is a protein with an apparent relative molecular mass (Mr) of 40,000 (40K). These partially purified preparations of lipocortin mimic the effect of steroids, and mediate anti-inflammatory activity in various in vivo model systems. Using amino-acid sequence information obtained from purified rat lipocortin, we have now cloned human lipocortin complementary DNA and expressed the gene in Escherichia coli. Our studies confirm that lipocortin is a potent inhibitor of phospholipase A2 activity."	0
"Title: Inflammation and cancer: role of annexin A1 and FPR2/ALX in proliferation and metastasis in human laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma. Abstract: The anti-inflammatory protein annexin A1 (ANXA1) has been associated with cancer progression and metastasis, suggesting its role in regulating tumor cell proliferation. We investigated the mechanism of ANXA1 interaction with formylated peptide receptor 2 (FPR2/ALX) in control, peritumoral and tumor larynx tissue samples from 20 patients, to quantitate the neutrophils and mast cells, and to evaluate the protein expression and co-localization of ANXA1/FPR2 in these inflammatory cells and laryngeal squamous cells by immunocytochemistry. In addition, we performed in vitro experiments to further investigate the functional role of ANXA1/FPR2 in the proliferation and metastasis of Hep-2 cells, a cell line from larynx epidermoid carcinoma, after treatment with ANXA1(2-26) (annexin A1 N-terminal-derived peptide), Boc2 (antagonist of FPR) and/or dexamethasone. Under these treatments, the level of Hep-2 cell proliferation, pro-inflammatory cytokines, ANXA1/FPR2 co-localization, and the prostaglandin signalling were analyzed using ELISA, immunocytochemistry and real-time PCR. An influx of neutrophils and degranulated mast cells was detected in tumor samples. In these inflammatory cells of peritumoral and tumor samples, ANXA1/FPR2 expression was markedly exacerbated, however, in laryngeal carcinoma cells, this expression was down-regulated. ANXA1(2-26) treatment reduced the proliferation of the Hep-2 cells, an effect that was blocked by Boc2, and up-regulated ANXA1/FPR2 expression. ANXA1(2-26) treatment also reduced the levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and affected the expression of metalloproteinases and EP receptors, which are involved in the prostaglandin signalling. Overall, this study identified potential roles for the molecular mechanism of the ANXA1/FPR2 interaction in laryngeal cancer, including its relationship with the prostaglandin pathway, providing promising starting points for future research. ANXA1 may contribute to the regulation of tumor growth and metastasis through paracrine mechanisms that are mediated by FPR2/ALX. These data may lead to new biological targets for therapeutic intervention in human laryngeal cancer."	0
"Title: Aryl hydrocarbon receptor agonists induce microRNA-335 expression and inhibit lung metastasis of estrogen receptor negative breast cancer cells. Abstract: The aryl hydrocarbon receptor (AHR) was initially identified as a receptor that bound 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin (TCDD) and related environmental toxicants; however, there is increasing evidence that the AHR is an important new drug target for treating multiple diseases including breast cancer. Treatment of estrogen receptor (ER)-negative MDA-MB-231 and BT474 breast cancer cells with TCDD or the selective AHR modulator 6-methyl-1,3,-trichlorodibenzofuran (MCDF) inhibited breast cancer cell invasion in a Boyden chamber assay. These results were similar to those previously reported for the antimetastic microRNA-335 (miR-335). Both TCDD and MCDF induced miR-335 in MDA-MB-231 and BT474 cells and this was accompanied by downregulation of SOX4, a miR-335-regulated (inhibited) gene. The effects of TCDD and MCDF on miR-335 and SOX4 expression and interactions of miR-335 with the 3'-UTR target sequence in the SOX4 gene were all inhibited in cells transfected with an oligonucleotide (iAHR) that knocks down the AHR, thus confirming AHR-miR-335 interactions. MCDF (40 mg/kg/d) also inhibited lung metastasis of MDA-MB-231 cells in a tail vein injection model, showing that the AHR is a potential new target for treating patients with ER-negative breast cancer, a disease where treatment options and their effectiveness are limited."	0
"Title: Release of eIF6 (p27BBP) from the 60S subunit allows 80S ribosome assembly. Abstract: The assembly of 80S ribosomes requires joining of the 40S and 60S subunits, which is triggered by the formation of an initiation complex on the 40S subunit. This event is rate-limiting for translation, and depends on external stimuli and the status of the cell. Here we show that 60S subunits are activated by release of eIF6 (also termed p27BBP). In the cytoplasm, eIF6 is bound to free 60S but not to 80S. Furthermore, eIF6 interacts in the cytoplasm with RACK1, a receptor for activated protein kinase C (PKC). RACK1 is a major component of translating ribosomes, which harbour significant amounts of PKC. Loading 60S subunits with eIF6 caused a dose-dependent translational block and impairment of 80S formation, which were reversed by expression of RACK1 and stimulation of PKC in vivo and in vitro. PKC stimulation led to eIF6 phosphorylation, and mutation of a serine residue in the carboxy terminus of eIF6 impaired RACK1/PKC-mediated translational rescue. We propose that eIF6 release regulates subunit joining, and that RACK1 provides a physical and functional link between PKC signalling and ribosome activation."	0
"Title: MiR-150 is associated with poor prognosis in esophageal squamous cell carcinoma via targeting the EMT inducer ZEB1. Abstract: The association of microRNAs (miRs) with cancer progression has been established in many cancers including esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC). A public microarray database showed that the expression of miR-150 was lower in ESCC than in normal esophageal mucosa. Here, we focused on ZEB1, epithelial-mesenchymal-transition (EMT)-inducer, as a target gene of miR-150 based on in silico predictions. The purpose of this study was to clarify the clinicopathological significance of miR-150 in ESCC, and to investigate miR-150's EMT-regulatory ability. Quantitative RT-PCR was used to evaluate miR-150 expression in 108 curative resected ESCC samples to determine the clinicopathological significance. Moreover, we examined the in vitro and in vivo function of miR-150 via degradation of ZEB1. MiR-150 expression was significantly lower in cancer tissues compared to adjacent non-cancerous tissues (P < 0.001). Low expression of miR-150 in ESCC contributed to malignant potential, such as tumor depth, lymph node metastasis, lymphatic invasion, venous invasion, clinical staging, and poor prognosis (P < 0.05). In vitro assays showed that EMT-inducer-ZEB1 is a new direct target of miR-150. Moreover, miR-150 induced MET-like changes in TE-8 cells through ZEB1 degradation (e.g., E-cadherin expression, vimentin repression, epithelial morphology, and suppression of migration ability), and significantly inhibited tumorigenicity and tumor growth in a mouse xenograft model. Analysis of the regulation of ZEB1 by miR-150 could provide new insights into preventing metastasis and also suggests novel targeted therapeutic strategies in ESCC."	0
"Title: TRPS1 targeting by miR-221/222 promotes the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition in breast cancer. Abstract: The basal-like subtype of breast cancer has an aggressive clinical behavior compared to that of the luminal subtype. We identified the microRNAs (miRNAs) miR-221 and miR-222 (miR-221/222) as basal-like subtype-specific miRNAs and showed that expression of miR-221/222 decreased expression of epithelial-specific genes and increased expression of mesenchymal-specific genes, and increased cell migration and invasion in a manner characteristic of the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT). The transcription factor FOSL1 (also known as Fra-1), which is found in basal-like breast cancers but not in the luminal subtype, stimulated the transcription of miR-221/222, and the abundance of these miRNAs decreased with inhibition of the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) or MEK (mitogen-activated or extracellular signal-regulated protein kinase kinase), placing miR-221/222 downstream of the RAS pathway. Furthermore, miR-221/222-mediated reduction in E-cadherin abundance depended on their targeting the 3' untranslated region of the GATA family transcriptional repressor TRPS1 (tricho-rhino-phalangeal syndrome type 1), which inhibited EMT by decreasing ZEB2 (zinc finger E-box-binding homeobox2) expression. We conclude that by promoting EMT, miR-221/222 may contribute to the more aggressive clinical behavior of basal-like breast cancers."	0
"Title: The 21-nucleotide let-7 RNA regulates developmental timing in Caenorhabditis elegans. Abstract: The C. elegans heterochronic gene pathway consists of a cascade of regulatory genes that are temporally controlled to specify the timing of developmental events. Mutations in heterochronic genes cause temporal transformations in cell fates in which stage-specific events are omitted or reiterated. Here we show that let-7 is a heterochronic switch gene. Loss of let-7 gene activity causes reiteration of larval cell fates during the adult stage, whereas increased let-7 gene dosage causes precocious expression of adult fates during larval stages. let-7 encodes a temporally regulated 21-nucleotide RNA that is complementary to elements in the 3' untranslated regions of the heterochronic genes lin-14, lin-28, lin-41, lin-42 and daf-12, indicating that expression of these genes may be directly controlled by let-7. A reporter gene bearing the lin-41 3' untranslated region is temporally regulated in a let-7-dependent manner. A second regulatory RNA, lin-4, negatively regulates lin-14 and lin-28 through RNA-RNA interactions with their 3' untranslated regions. We propose that the sequential stage-specific expression of the lin-4 and let-7 regulatory RNAs triggers transitions in the complement of heterochronic regulatory proteins to coordinate developmental timing."	0
"Title: NOT10 and C2orf29/NOT11 form a conserved module of the CCR4-NOT complex that docks onto the NOT1 N-terminal domain. Abstract: The CCR4-NOT complex plays a crucial role in post-transcriptional mRNA regulation in eukaryotes. This complex catalyzes the removal of mRNA poly(A) tails, thereby repressing translation and committing an mRNA to degradation. The conserved core of the complex is assembled by the interaction of at least two modules: the NOT module, which minimally consists of NOT1, NOT2 and NOT3, and a catalytic module comprising two deadenylases, CCR4 and POP2/CAF1. Additional complex subunits include CAF40 and two newly identified human subunits, NOT10 and C2orf29. The role of the NOT10 and C2orf29 subunits and how they are integrated into the complex are unknown. Here, we show that the Drosophila melanogaster NOT10 and C2orf29 orthologs form a complex that interacts with the N-terminal domain of NOT1 through C2orf29. These interactions are conserved in human cells, indicating that NOT10 and C2orf29 define a conserved module of the CCR4-NOT complex. We further investigated the assembly of the D. melanogaster CCR4-NOT complex, and demonstrate that the conserved armadillo repeat domain of CAF40 interacts with a region of NOT1, comprising a domain of unknown function, DUF3819. Using tethering assays, we show that each subunit of the CCR4-NOT complex causes translational repression of an unadenylated mRNA reporter and deadenylation and degradation of a polyadenylated reporter. Therefore, the recruitment of a single subunit of the complex to an mRNA target induces the assembly of the complete CCR4-NOT complex, resulting in a similar regulatory outcome."	0
"Title: Up-regulation of miR-21 by HER2/neu signaling promotes cell invasion. Abstract: The cell surface receptor tyrosine kinase HER2/neu enhances tumor metastasis. Recent studies suggest that deregulated microRNA (miRNA) expression promotes invasion and metastasis of cancer cells; we therefore explored the possibility that HER2/neu signaling induces the expression of specific miRNAs involved in this process. We identified a putative oncogenic miRNA, miR-21, whose expression is correlated with HER2/neu up-regulation and is functionally involved in HER2/neu-induced cell invasion. We show that miR-21 is up-regulated via the MAPK (ERK1/2) pathway upon stimulation of HER2/neu signaling in breast cancer cells, and overexpression of other ERK1/2 activators such as RASV12 or ID-1 is sufficient to induce miR-21 up-regulation in HER2/neu-negative breast cancer cells. Furthermore, the metastasis suppressor protein PDCD4 (programmed cell death 4) is down-regulated by miR-21 in breast cancer cells expressing HER2/neu. Our data reveal a mechanism for HER2/neu-induced cancer cell invasion via miRNA deregulation. In addition, our results identify miR-21 as a potential therapeutic target for the prevention of breast cancer invasion and metastasis."	0
"Title: JAM-A expression positively correlates with poor prognosis in breast cancer patients. Abstract: The cell-cell adhesion protein junctional adhesion molecule-A (JAM-A) influences epithelial cell morphology and migration. As migration is required for tumor cell invasion and metastasis, we sought to elucidate the role of JAM-A in invasive breast cancer. A breast cancer tissue microarray was analyzed for JAM-A protein expression, in parallel with analysis of JAM-A gene expression data from a breast cancer clinical dataset. Our data demonstrate a novel association between JAM-A gene and protein upregulation and poor prognosis in breast cancer. To mechanistically dissect this process, we used lentiviral technology to stably knock down JAM-A gene expression by shRNA in MCF7 breast cancer cells, which express high-endogenous levels of JAM-A. We also antagonized JAM-A function in wild-type MCF7 cells using an inhibitory antibody that blocks JAM-A dimerization. Knockdown or functional antagonism of JAM-A decreased breast cancer cell migration in scratch-wound assays. Reductions in beta1-integrin protein levels were observed after JAM-A-knockdown in MCF7 cells, suggesting a mechanism for reduced motility after loss of JAM-A. Consistent with this hypothesis, tissue microarray analysis of beta1-integrin protein expression in invasive breast cancer tissues revealed a trend toward high beta1-integrin protein levels being indicative of poor prognosis. Twenty-two percent of patients were observed to coexpress high levels of JAM-A and beta1-integrin protein, and MDA-MB-231 breast cells stably overexpressing JAM-A showed an increase in beta1-integrin protein expression. Our results are consistent with a previously unreported role for JAM-A overexpression as a possible mechanism contributing to progression in primary breast cancer; and a potential therapeutic target."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 is an Epstein-Barr virus-induced gene that modulates Epstein-Barr virus-regulated gene expression pathways. Abstract: The cellular microRNA miR-155 has been shown to be involved in lymphocyte activation and is expressed in Epstein-Barr virus (EBV)-infected cells displaying type III latency gene expression but not type I latency gene expression. We show here that the elevated levels of miR-155 in type III latency cells is due to EBV gene expression and not epigenetic differences in cell lines tested, and we show that expression in EBV-infected cells requires a conserved AP-1 element in the miR-155 promoter. Gene expression analysis was carried out in a type I latency cell line transduced with an miR-155-expressing retrovirus. This analysis identified both miR-155-suppressed and -induced cellular mRNAs and suggested that in addition to direct targeting of 3' untranslated regions (UTRs), miR-155 alters gene expression in part through the alteration of signal transduction pathways. 3' UTR reporter analysis of predicted miR-155 target genes identified the transcriptional regulatory genes encoding BACH1, ZIC3, HIVEP2, CEBPB, ZNF652, ARID2, and SMAD5 as miR-155 targets. Western blot analysis of the most highly suppressed of these, BACH1, showed lower expression in cells transduced with a miR-155 retrovirus. Inspection of the promoters from genes regulated in EBV-infected cells and in cells infected with an miR-155 retrovirus identified potential binding sequences for BACH1 and ZIC3. Together, these experiments suggest that the induction of miR-155 by EBV contributes to EBV-mediated signaling in part through the modulation of transcriptional regulatory factors."	0
"Title: Genome regulation by long noncoding RNAs. Abstract: The central dogma of gene expression is that DNA is transcribed into messenger RNAs, which in turn serve as the template for protein synthesis. The discovery of extensive transcription of large RNA transcripts that do not code for proteins, termed long noncoding RNAs (lncRNAs), provides an important new perspective on the centrality of RNA in gene regulation. Here, we discuss genome-scale strategies to discover and characterize lncRNAs. An emerging theme from multiple model systems is that lncRNAs form extensive networks of ribonucleoprotein (RNP) complexes with numerous chromatin regulators and then target these enzymatic activities to appropriate locations in the genome. Consistent with this notion, lncRNAs can function as modular scaffolds to specify higher-order organization in RNP complexes and in chromatin states. The importance of these modes of regulation is underscored by the newly recognized roles of long RNAs for proper gene control across all kingdoms of life."	0
"Title: Silencing of microRNA families by seed-targeting tiny LNAs. Abstract: The challenge of understanding the widespread biological roles of animal microRNAs (miRNAs) has prompted the development of genetic and functional genomics technologies for miRNA loss-of-function studies. However, tools for exploring the functions of entire miRNA families are still limited. We developed a method that enables antagonism of miRNA function using seed-targeting 8-mer locked nucleic acid (LNA) oligonucleotides, termed tiny LNAs. Transfection of tiny LNAs into cells resulted in simultaneous inhibition of miRNAs within families sharing the same seed with concomitant upregulation of direct targets. In addition, systemically delivered, unconjugated tiny LNAs showed uptake in many normal tissues and in breast tumors in mice, coinciding with long-term miRNA silencing. Transcriptional and proteomic profiling suggested that tiny LNAs have negligible off-target effects, not significantly altering the output from mRNAs with perfect tiny LNA complementary sites. Considered together, these data support the utility of tiny LNAs in elucidating the functions of miRNA families in vivo."	0
"Title: Clinicopathological and prognostic value of microRNA-21 and microRNA-155 in colorectal cancer. Abstract: The clinical significance of microRNA-21 (miR-21) and miR-155 in colorectal cancer (CRC) patients remains elusive. In this study, we established the prognostic value of miR-21 and miR-155 using clinical samples from CRC patients. Furthermore, relationships between these microRNAs and target genes (PDCD4 and TP53INP1 mRNAs) were examined. Methods: miR-21 and miR-155 expression was assessed in tumor tissue and in adjacent normal tissue of 156 CRC patients by TaqMan MicroRNA assays, and PDCD4 and TP53INP1 mRNA levels were measured by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase PCR (RT-PCR). Results: High miR-21 expression was significantly associated with venous invasion, liver metastasis and tumor stage, and high miR-155 expression was significantly correlated with lymph node metastases. The overall (OS) and disease-free survival (DFS) rates of patients with high miR-21 expression were significantly worse than those of patients with low miR-21 expression. The OS and DFS of patients with high miR-155 expression were also significantly worse than those in patients with low miR-155 expression. miR-21 and miR-155 expression levels in CRC tissue were independent prognostic factors for OS and DFS. Significant inverse correlations were demonstrated between miR-21 and PDCD4 mRNA, and miR-155 and TP53INP1 mRNA. Conclusion: Increases in miR-21 and miR-155 expression may represent effective biomarkers for the prediction of a poor prognosis."	0
"Title: Clinical value of combined detection of miR-1202 and miR-195 in early diagnosis of cervical cancer. Abstract: The clinical value of the combined detection of miR-1202 and miR-195 in the early diagnosis of cervical cancer was studied. A retrospective analysis of 70 cervical cancer patients treated in the The Third Affiliated Hospital of Kunming Medical University and Yunnan Cancer Hospital from October 2015 to December 2017 was performed, and the lesion tissues were used as the experimental group. Normal cervical tissues from another 67 healthy females confirmed by physical examination at the same period were selected as the control group. The FIGO staging criteria were used for staging of the cervical cancer patients, reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR) method was used for the detection of the expression of miR-1202 and miR-195 in different tissues, and the receiver operating curve (ROC) was used for the analysis of the application values of miR-1202 and miR-195 diagnosis alone and their combined diagnosis in early cervical cancer patients. The levels of miR-1202 and miR-195 in the experimental group were lower than those in the control group (P<0.05). The differences were significant in the different stages of cervical cancer tissues (P<0.05). The later the staging of cervical cancer tissues were, the lower the levels of miR-1202 and miR-195 were. The sensitivities and area under the curve (AUC) values of miR-1202 and miR-195 in the combined diagnosis of early cervical cancer were significantly higher than those of miR-1202 and miR-195 alone. The expression levels of miR-1202 and miR-195 in the cervical cancer patients are different in different stages. Guiding clinical treatment and prognosis according to the results of combined detection is beneficial for the development of treatment for cervical cancer patients and for prognostic judgement, worthy of popularization and application."	0
"Title: Tumor-suppressive microRNA-145 targets catenin ?-1 to regulate Wnt/?-catenin signaling in human colon cancer cells. Abstract: The constitutive activation of Wnt/?-catenin signaling plays a central role in colon cancer. MiR-145 was earlier identified as one of the microRNAs (miRNAs) down-regulated in colon cancer cells. However, the role of miR-145 in the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway is poorly understood. Here, we demonstrated that miR-145 played a pivotal role in the Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway by perturbing the intracellular translocation of ?-catenin in human colon cancer cells. The ectopic expression of miR-145 inhibited the growth of DLD-1 cells by disturbing ?-catenin translocation into the nucleus, thereby leading to the down-regulation of LEF/TCF transcriptional target genes c-Myc and CyclinD1. We further demonstrated that miR-145 directly targeted catenin ?-1, contributing to the aberrant translocation of ?-catenin through impaired nuclear shuttling with p21-activated kinase 4 (PAK4). These findings uncover a novel role of miR-145 in modulating intracellular translocation of ?-catenin on Wnt/?-catenin signaling pathway."	0
"Title: Resveratrol reduces prostate cancer growth and metastasis by inhibiting the Akt/MicroRNA-21 pathway. Abstract: The consumption of foods containing resveratrol produces significant health benefits. Resveratrol inhibits cancer by reducing cell proliferation and metastasis and by inducing apoptosis. These actions could be explained by its ability to inhibit (ERK-1/2), Akt and suppressing the levels of estrogen and insulin growth factor -1 (IGF-1) receptor. How these processes are manifested into the antitumor actions of resveratrol is not clear. Using microarray studies, we show that resveratrol reduced the expression of various prostate-tumor associated microRNAs (miRs) including miR-21 in androgen-receptor negative and highly aggressive human prostate cancer cells, PC-3M-MM2. This effect of resveratrol was associated with reduced cell viability, migration and invasiveness. Additionally, resveratrol increased the expression of tumor suppressors, PDCD4 and maspin, which are negatively regulated by miR-21. Short interfering (si) RNA against PDCD4 attenuated resveratrol's effect on prostate cancer cells, and similar effects were observed following over expression of miR-21 with pre-miR-21 oligonucleotides. PC-3M-MM2 cells also exhibited high levels of phospho-Akt (pAkt), which were reduced by both resveratrol and LY294002 (a PI3-kinase inhibitor). MiR-21 expression in these cells appeared to be dependent on Akt, as LY294002 reduced the levels of miR-21 along with a concurrent increase in PDCD4 expression. These in vitro findings were further corroborated in a severe combined immunodeficient (SCID) mouse xenograft model of prostate cancer. Oral administration of resveratrol not only inhibited the tumor growth but also decreased the incidence and number of metastatic lung lesions. These tumor- and metastatic-suppressive effects of resveratrol were associated with reduced miR-21 and pAkt, and elevated PDCD4 levels. Similar anti-tumor effects of resveratrol were observed in DU145 and LNCaP prostate cancer cells which were associated with suppression of Akt and PDCD4, but independent of miR-21.These data suggest that resveratrol's anti-tumor actions in prostate cancer could be explained, in part, through inhibition of Akt/miR-21 signaling pathway."	0
"Title: The epithelial-mesenchymal transition: new insights in signaling, development, and disease. Abstract: The conversion of an epithelial cell to a mesenchymal cell is critical to metazoan embryogenesis and a defining structural feature of organ development. Current interest in this process, which is described as an epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), stems from its developmental importance and its involvement in several adult pathologies. Interest and research in EMT are currently at a high level, as seen by the attendance at the recent EMT meeting in Vancouver, Canada (October 1-3, 2005). The meeting, which was hosted by The EMT International Association, was the second international EMT meeting, the first being held in Port Douglas, Queensland, Australia in October 2003. The EMT International Association was formed in 2002 to provide an international body for those interested in EMT and the reverse process, mesenchymal-epithelial transition, and, most importantly, to bring together those working on EMT in development, cancer, fibrosis, and pathology. These themes continued during the recent meeting in Vancouver. Discussion at the Vancouver meeting spanned several areas of research, including signaling pathway activation of EMT and the transcription factors and gene targets involved. Also covered in detail was the basic cell biology of EMT and its role in cancer and fibrosis, as well as the identification of new markers to facilitate the observation of EMT in vivo. This is particularly important because the potential contribution of EMT during neoplasia is the subject of vigorous scientific debate (Tarin, D., E.W. Thompson, and D.F. Newgreen. 2005. Cancer Res. 65:5996-6000; Thompson, E.W., D.F. Newgreen, and D. Tarin. 2005. Cancer Res. 65:5991-5995)."	0
"Title: Epithelial cell polarity: a major gatekeeper against cancer?. Abstract: The correct establishment and maintenance of cell polarity are crucial for normal cell physiology and tissue homeostasis. Conversely, loss of cell polarity, tissue disorganisation and excessive cell growth are hallmarks of cancer. In this review, we focus on identifying the stages of tumoural development that are affected by the loss or deregulation of epithelial cell polarity. Asymmetric division has recently emerged as a major regulatory mechanism that controls stem cell numbers and differentiation. Links between cell polarity and asymmetric cell division in the context of cancer will be examined. Apical-basal polarity and cell-cell adhesion are tightly interconnected. Hence, how loss of cell polarity in epithelial cells may promote epithelial mesenchymal transition and metastasis will also be discussed. Altogether, we present the argument that loss of epithelial cell polarity may have an important role in both the initiation of tumourigenesis and in later stages of tumour development, favouring the progression of tumours from benign to malignancy."	0
"Title: Polymer nanoparticle-mediated delivery of microRNA inhibition and alternative splicing. Abstract: The crux of current RNA-based therapeutics relies on association of synthetic nucleic acids with cellular RNA targets. Antisense oligonucleotide binding to mature microRNA and splicing junctions on pre-mRNA represent methods of gene therapy that respectively inhibit microRNA-mediated gene regulation and induce alternative splicing. We have developed biodegradable polymer nanoparticles, which are coated with cell-penetrating peptides, that can effectively deliver chemically modified oligonucleotide analogues to achieve these forms of gene regulation. We found that this nanoparticle system could block the activity of the oncogenic microRNA, miR-155, as well as modulate splicing to attenuate the expression of the proto-oncogene, Mcl-1. Regulation of these genes in human cancer cells reduced cell viability and produced pro-apoptotic effects. These findings establish polymer nanoparticles as delivery vectors for nonconventional forms of gene therapy activated by cellular delivery of RNA-targeted molecules, which have strong therapeutic implications."	0
"Title: The molecular pathology of breast cancer progression. Abstract: The current model of human breast cancer progression proposes a linear multi-step process which initiates as flat epithelial atypia (FEA), progresses to atypical ductal hyperplasia (ADH), evolves into DCIS and culminates in the potentially lethal stage of invasive ductal carcinoma. For several decades a major challenge to human breast cancer research has been the identification of the molecular alterations associated with the different stages of breast cancer progression. Until recently, progress in attaining this goal has been hampered by technical limitations associated with applying advanced molecular technologies to the microscopic preinvasive stages of breast tumorigenesis. Recent advances in comprehensive, high-throughput genetic, transcriptomic and epigenetic technologies in combination with advanced microdissection and ex vivo isolation techniques have provided for a more complete understanding of the complex molecular genetic and molecular biological inter-relationships of the different stages of human breast cancer evolution. Here we review the molecular biological data suggesting that breast cancer develops and evolves along two distinct molecular genetic pathways. We also briefly review gene expression and epigenetic data that support the view of the tumour microenvironment as an important co-conspirator rather than a passive bystander during human breast tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Serum miR-3142 could be Used as a Potential Biomarker to Screen Cervical Cancer Patients from Healthy Controls. Abstract: The current study aims to evaluate the expression of miR-3142 in the serum of cervical cancer patients and healthy controls, thereby exploring the role of miR-3142 in the diagnosis and prognosis prediction of cervical cancer. Methods: Real time PCR analysis was carried out to evaluate the expression of miR-3142 in the serum and tissues of cervical cancer patients. The diagnostic threshold and the area under the curve (AUC) were analyzed by receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC) and the survival analysis was performed by Kaplan-Meier. Results: Our data showed that the expression of miR-3142 in cervical cancer tissues was significantly higher than that in adjacent tissues. In addition, the expression of miR-3142 was significantly higher in patients with stage II/ III cervical cancer and lymph node metastasis than in patients with stage I and lymph node metastasis. Meanwhile, the expression of miR-3142 was not significantly correlated with age and differentiation degree, but positively correlated with tumor size, FIGO stage, lymph node metastasis, and depth of stromal invasion. ROC curve analysis showed that sensitivity and specificity were 86.2% and 100%, respectively. Kaplan-Meier analysis showed that the higher expression of miR-3142 predicted poor prognosis. Conclusions: In summary, serum miR-3142 in cervical cancer is increased and is closely related to the occurrence and development of cervical cancer, which can be used as a diagnostic and prognostic marker of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Gadolinium-functionalized nanographene oxide for combined drug and microRNA delivery and magnetic resonance imaging. Abstract: The delivery of anti-cancer therapeutics to tumors at clinically effective concentrations, while avoiding nonspecific toxicity, remains a major challenge for cancer treatment. Here we present nanoparticles of poly(amidoamine) dendrimer-grafted gadolinium-functionalized nanographene oxide (Gd-NGO) as effective carriers to deliver both chemotherapeutic drugs and highly specific gene-targeting agents such as microRNAs (miRNAs) to cancer cells. The positively charged surface of Gd-NGO was capable of simultaneous adsorption of the anti-cancer drug epirubicin (EPI) and interaction with negatively charged Let-7g miRNA. Using human glioblastoma (U87) cells as a model, we found that this conjugate of Let-7g and EPI (Gd-NGO/Let-7g/EPI) not only exhibited considerably higher transfection efficiency, but also induced better inhibition of cancer cell growth than Gd-NGO/Let-7g or Gd-NGO/EPI. The concentration of Gd-NGO/Let-7g/EPI required for 50% inhibition of cellular growth (IC50) was significantly reduced (to the equivalent of 1.3 ?g/mL EPI) compared to Gd-NGO/EPI (3.4 ?g/mL EPI). In addition, Gd-NGO/Let-7g/EPI could be used as a contrast agent for magnetic resonance imaging to identify the location and extent of blood-brain barrier opening and quantitate drug delivery to tumor tissues. These results suggest that Gd-NGO/Let-7g/EPI may be a promising non-viral vector for chemogene therapy and molecular imaging diagnosis in future clinical applications."	0
"Title: Overexpression of paxillin induced by miR-137 suppression promotes tumor progression and metastasis in colorectal cancer. Abstract: The deregulation of paxillin (PXN) has been involved in the progression and metastasis of different malignancies including colorectal cancer (CRC). miR-137 is frequently suppressed in CRC. PXN is predicted to be a direct target of miR-137 in CRC cells. On this basis, we hypothesized that overexpression of PXN induced by suppression of miR-137 may promote tumor progression and metastasis and predicts poor prognosis. We detected the expression of PXN and miR-137 in clinical tumor tissues by immunohistochemical analysis and real-time PCR, positive PXN staining was observed in 198 of the 247 (80.1%) cases, whereas no or weak PXN staining was observed in the adjacent non-cancerous area. Higher level of PXN messenger RNA (mRNA) and lower level of miR-137 was observed in cancer tissues than adjacent non-cancerous tissues. High expression of PXN and low expression of miR-137 was associated with aggressive tumor phenotype and adverse prognosis. Moreover, the expression of PXN was negatively correlated with miR-137 expression. A dual-luciferase reporter gene assay validated that PXN was a direct target of miR-137. The use of miR-137 mimics or inhibitor could decrease or increase PXN mRNA and protein levels in CRC cell lines. Knockdown of PXN or ectopic expression of miR-137 could markedly inhibit cell proliferation, migration and invasion in vitro and repress tumor growth and metastasis in vivo. Taken together, these results demonstrated that overexpression of PXN induced by suppression of miR-137 promotes tumor progression and metastasis and could serve as an independent prognostic indicator in CRC patients."	0
"Title: Identification of ten serum microRNAs from a genome-wide serum microRNA expression profile as novel noninvasive biomarkers for nonsmall cell lung cancer diagnosis. Abstract: The detection of nonsmall cell lung cancer (NSCLC) at an early stage presents a daunting challenge due to the lack of a specific noninvasive marker. The discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs), particularly those found in serum, has opened a new avenue for tumor diagnosis. To determine whether the expression profile of serum miRNAs can serve as a NSCLC fingerprint, we performed Taqman probe-based quantitative RT-PCR assay to selected differentially expressed serum miRNAs from a sample set including 400 NSCLC cases and 220 controls, and risk score analysis to evaluate the diagnostic value of the serum miRNA profiling system. After a two-phase selection and validation process, 10 miRNAs were found to have significantly different expression levels in NSCLC serum samples compared with the control serum samples. Risk score analysis showed that this panel of miRNAs was able to distinguish NSCLC cases from controls with high sensitivity and specificity. Under ROC curves, the AUC for tumor identification in training set and validation set were 0.966 and 0.972, respectively. Furthermore, the expression profile of the 10-serum miRNAs was correlated with the stage of NSCLC patients, especially in younger patients and patients with current smoking habits. More importantly, the serum miRNA-based biomarker for early NSCLC detection was supported by a retrospective analysis in which the 10-serum miRNA profile could accurately classify serum samples collected up to 33 months ahead of the clinical NSCLC diagnosis. Taken together, we demonstrate that the profiling of 10-serum miRNAs provides a novel noninvasive biomarker for NSCLC diagnosis."	0
"Title: Three isoforms of annexin I are preferentially expressed in normal esophageal epithelia but down-regulated in esophageal squamous cell carcinomas. Abstract: The development and progression of human cancer are believed to be due to the alterations of multiple genes or/and their protein products. For identifying the proteins associated with esophageal cancer, we analysed the protein profiles of 24 pairs of esophageal squamous cell carcinomas/matched adjacent normal epithelia. Microdissection of routinely unstained frozen sections was performed to purify cancerous and epithelial cells. The protein expression profiles were obtained by two-dimensional electrophoresis. Selected proteins dysregulated in tumors were identified by MALDI-TOF-MS. Three isoforms of annexin I were detected in normal esophageal mucosa and down-regulated in esophageal squamous cell carcinomas. RT-PCR analysis showed annexin I mRNA levels were significantly reduced in 17 out of 24 carcinomas. Immunohistochemistry demonstrated that annexin I appeared strong positive in all normal epithelia layers except basal cells. In cancer tissues, decreased expression of annexin I was observed in 12 out of 16 well differentiated tumors, 16 out of 17 moderately differentiated tumors, and 3 out of 3 poorly differentiated tumors as compared with the corresponding normal esophageal epithelia. There was a significant correlation between annexin I expression and the status of tumor differentiation. Well differentiated tumors presented stronger immunohistochemical reaction than moderately and poorly differentiated tumors. These data suggested that there existed three different isoforms of annexin I in normal esophageal epithelia, which may be the results of post-translational modification. Down-expression of three annexin I isoforms was a frequent event in esophageal carcinogenesis."	0
"Title: Common fragile sites are preferential targets for HPV16 integrations in cervical tumors. Abstract: The development of cervical cancer is highly associated with human papillomavirus (HPV) infection. HPV integration into the genome of infected cervical cells is temporally associated with the acquisition of the malignant phenotype. A relationship between the sites of HPV integration in cervical cancer and the position of the common fragile sites (CFSs) has been observed at both the cytogenetic and molecular levels. To further explore this relationship at the molecular level, we used RS-PCR to rapidly isolate cellular sequences flanking the sites of HPV16 integration in 26 primary cervical tumors. Human bacterial artificial chromosome clones were isolated based on these flanking sequences and used as probes for fluorescence in situ hybridization on aphidicolin-stimulated metaphases. Our data demonstrate that 11/23 HPV16 integrations in cervical tumors occurred within CFSs (P&<0.001). In addition, we show that deletions and complex rearrangements frequently occur in the cellular sequences targeted by the integrations and that integrations cluster in FRA13C (13q22), FRA3B (3p14.2), and FRA17B (17q23). Finally, our data suggest that cellular genes, such as Notch 1, are disrupted by the HPV16 integrations, which may contribute to the malignant phenotype."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs as novel minimally invasive biomarkers for breast cancer. Abstract: The development of clinically validated biomarkers for cancer has remained an insurmountable task despite other advances in the field of cancer molecular biology. Mi(cro)RNAs have many characteristics of an ideal biomarker most notably their inherent stability and resilience. Recent blood-based miRNA profiling studies, reporting their presence in serum and plasma, have generated the concept that circulating miRNAs hold much potential as novel noninvasive biomarkers for cancer and other disease processes. The objective of this study was to investigate the potential of circulating microRNAs as novel breast cancer biomarkers. Methods: Using a novel approach to extract miRNAs from the circulation followed by real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis, levels of a panel of 7 candidate miRNAs were quantified in tissue and blood specimens of 148 patients with breast cancer and 44 age-matched and disease free control individuals. Results: We report that cancer-specific miRNAs were detected and significantly altered in the circulation of breast cancer patients, and that increased systemic miR-195 levels in breast cancer patients were reflected in breast tumors. Furthermore, we identified that circulating levels of miR-195 and let-7a decreased in cancer patients postoperatively, to levels comparable with control subjects, following curative tumor resection. Finally, we found that specific circulating miRNAs correlated with certain clinicopathological variables, namely nodal status and estrogen receptor status. Conclusion: These findings suggest that systemic miRNAs have potential use as novel breast cancer biomarkers and may prove useful in clinical management during the perioperative period."	0
"Title: Diagnostic value of a plasma microRNA signature in gastric cancer: a microRNA expression analysis. Abstract: The differential expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) in plasma of gastric cancer (GC) patients may serve as a diagnostic biomarker. A total of 33 miRNAs were identified through the initial screening phase (3 GC pools vs. 1 normal control (NC) pool) using quantitative reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) based Exiqon panel (miRCURY-Ready-to-Use-PCR-Human-panel-I + II-V1.M). By qRT-PCR, these miRNAs were further assessed in training (30 GC VS. 30 NCs) and testing stages (71 GC VS. 61 NCs). We discovered a plasma miRNA signature including five up-regulated miRNAs (miR-185, miR-20a, miR-210, miR-25 and miR-92b), and this signature was evaluated to be a potential diagnostic marker of GC. The areas under the receiver operating characteristic curve of the signature were 0.86, 0.74 and 0.87 for the training, testing and the external validation stages (32 GC VS. 18 NCs), respectively. The five miRNAs were consistently dysregulated in GC tissues (n = 30). Moreover, miR-185 was decreased while miR-20a, miR-210 and miR-92b were increased in arterial plasma (n = 38). However, none of the miRNAs in the exosomes showed different expression between 10 GC patients and 10 NCs. In conclusion, we identified a five-miRNA signature in the peripheral plasma which could serve as a non-invasive biomarker in detection of GC."	0
"Title: Characterisation of microRNA expression in post-natal mouse mammary gland development. Abstract: The differential expression pattern of microRNAs (miRNAs) during mammary gland development might provide insights into their role in regulating the homeostasis of the mammary epithelium. Our aim was to analyse these regulatory functions by deriving a comprehensive tissue-specific combined miRNA and mRNA expression profile of post-natal mouse mammary gland development.We measured the expression of 318 individual murine miRNAs by bead-based flow-cytometric profiling of whole mouse mammary glands throughout a 16-point developmental time course, including juvenile, puberty, mature virgin, gestation, lactation, and involution stages. In parallel whole-genome mRNA expression data were obtained. Results: One third (n = 102) of all murine miRNAs analysed were detected during mammary gland development. MicroRNAs were represented in seven temporally co-expressed clusters, which were enriched for both miRNAs belonging to the same family and breast cancer-associated miRNAs. Global miRNA and mRNA expression was significantly reduced during lactation and the early stages of involution after weaning. For most detected miRNA families we did not observe systematic changes in the expression of predicted targets. For miRNA families whose targets did show changes, we observed inverse patterns of miRNA and target expression. The data sets are made publicly available and the combined expression profiles represent an important community resource for mammary gland biology research. Conclusion: MicroRNAs were expressed in likely co-regulated clusters during mammary gland development. Breast cancer-associated miRNAs were significantly enriched in these clusters. The mechanism and functional consequences of this miRNA co-regulation provide new avenues for research into mammary gland biology and generate candidates for functional validation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-196: critical roles and clinical applications in development and cancer. Abstract: The discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) represents one of the most significant advances in biological and medical sciences in the last decade. Hundreds of miRNAs have been identified in plants, viruses, animals and human beings, and these tiny, non-coding RNA transcripts have been found to play crucial roles in important biological processes involved in human health and disease. Recently, many studies have demonstrated that miR-196 plays critical roles in normal development and in the pathogenesis of human disease processes such as cancer. Several investigations have implemented cell culture and animal models to explore the potential molecular mechanisms of miR-196. This review provides updated information about the structure of the miR-196 gene and the roles of miR-196 in development, cancer and disease formation. Importantly, we discuss the possible molecular mechanisms whereby miR-196 regulates cellular functions including targeting molecules and gene regulation pathways; potential clinical applications are addressed, as well as future directions for investigation. miR-196a may prove to be a novel therapeutic target for several cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNA precursors in motion: exportin-5 mediates their nuclear export. Abstract: The discovery of microRNSs (miRNAs) has changed the paradigm of gene regulation, leaving us with numerous exciting questions regarding what these molecules do and how they originate. A model for miRNA biogenesis has emerged recently, yet several key factors--including the identity of the miRNA nuclear export receptor--remained unknown. However, recent studies have shown that exportin-5 (Exp5), a Ran-dependent importin-beta-related transport receptor, mediates nuclear export of miRNA precursors (pre-miRNAs)."	0
"Title: PIWI proteins and PIWI-interacting RNAs in the soma. Abstract: The discovery of millions of PIWI-interacting RNAs revealed a fascinating and unanticipated dimension of biology. The PIWI-piRNA pathway has been commonly perceived as germline-specific, even though the somatic function of PIWI proteins was documented when they were first discovered. Recent studies have begun to re-explore this pathway in somatic cells in diverse organisms, particularly lower eukaryotes. These studies have illustrated the multifaceted somatic functions of the pathway not only in transposon silencing but also in genome rearrangement and epigenetic programming, with biological roles in stem-cell function, whole-body regeneration, memory and possibly cancer."	0
"Title: How close are miRNAs from clinical practice? A perspective on the diagnostic and therapeutic market. Abstract: The discovery of miRNAs in the mid-90s has changed the dogma of gene expression regulation. Currently, miRNAs are the main theme of thousands of publications each year and their involvement in human diseases is everyday more deeply understood. With that being known, what are the actual clinical applications of miRNAs and how far are they truly from the patients? To address this question, we reviewed the miRNA diagnostic and therapeutic market. With many companies developing miRNA panels, the activity is high in the diagnostic area. Some products, notably for thyroid cancer (Interpace Diagnostic), are already available to clinician and covered by major insurance companies. In comparison, the therapeutic market, mainly driven by miRNA mimics and antagomiR products, is less advanced. Miravirsen (produced by Roche/Santaris) and RG-101 (produced by Regulus Therapeutics), designed to treat hepatitis C, are considered the flagship products of this class of future drugs. All of the miRNA-based drugs are currently in clinical trials and none have yet reached the pharmaceutical breakthrough. However, acquisition of miRNA-based companies by major pharmas is sending a positive feedback on their potentials. With multiple initiatives on their way, the next years will definitely be determinant for the miRNA market that is still in his infancy."	0
"Title: Cancer epigenetics comes of age. Abstract: The discovery of numerous hypermethylated promoters of tumour-suppressor genes, along with a better understanding of gene-silencing mechanisms, has moved DNA methylation from obscurity to recognition as an alternative mechanism of tumour-suppressor inactivation in cancer. Epigenetic events can also facilitate genetic damage, as illustrated by the increased mutagenicity of 5-methylcytosine and the silencing of the MLH1 mismatch repair gene by DNA methylation in colorectal tumours. We review here current mechanistic understanding of the role of DNA methylation in malignant transformation, and suggest Knudson's two-hit hypothesis should now be expanded to include epigenetic mechanisms of gene inactivation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-196b regulates the homeobox B7-vascular endothelial growth factor axis in cervical cancer. Abstract: The down-regulation of microRNA-196b (miR-196b) has been reported, but its contribution to cervical cancer progression remains to be investigated. In this study, we first demonstrated that miR-196b down-regulation was significantly associated with worse disease-free survival (DFS) for cervical cancer patients treated with combined chemo-radiation. Secondly, using a tri-modal approach for target identification, we determined that homeobox-B7 (HOXB7) was a bona fide target for miR-196b, and in turn, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) was a downstream transcript regulated by HOXB7. Reconstitution of miR-196b expression by transient transfection resulted in reduced cell growth, clonogenicity, migration and invasion in vitro, as well as reduced tumor angiogenesis and tumor cell proliferation in vivo. Concordantly, siRNA knockdown of HOXB7 or VEGF phenocopied the biological effects of miR-196b over-expression. Our findings have demonstrated that the miR-196b/HOXB7/VEGF pathway plays an important role in cervical cancer progression; hence targeting this pathway could be a promising therapeutic strategy for the future management of this disease."	0
"Title: Posttranscriptional crossregulation between Drosha and DGCR8. Abstract: The Drosha-DGCR8 complex, also known as Microprocessor, is essential for microRNA (miRNA) maturation. Drosha functions as the catalytic subunit, while DGCR8 (also known as Pasha) recognizes the RNA substrate. Although the action mechanism of this complex has been intensively studied, it remains unclear how Drosha and DGCR8 are regulated and if these proteins have any additional role(s) apart from miRNA processing. Here, we report that Drosha and DGCR8 regulate each other posttranscriptionally. The Drosha-DGCR8 complex cleaves the hairpin structures embedded in the DGCR8 mRNA and thereby destabilizes the mRNA. We further find that DGCR8 stabilizes the Drosha protein via protein-protein interaction. This crossregulation between Drosha and DGCR8 may contribute to the homeostatic control of miRNA biogenesis. Furthermore, microarray analyses suggest that a number of mRNAs may be downregulated in a Microprocessor-dependent, miRNA-independent manner. Our study reveals a previously unsuspected function of Microprocessor in mRNA stability control."	0
"Title: MiR-145 functions as a tumor suppressor targeting NUAK1 in human intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma. Abstract: The dysregulation of micro (mi)RNAs is associated with cancer development. The miRNA miR-145 is downregulated in intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma (ICC); however, its precise role in tumor progression has not yet been elucidated. Novel (nua) kinase family (NUAK)1 functions as an oncogene in various cancers and is a putative target of miR-145 regulation. In this study, we investigated the regulation of NUAK1 by miR-145 in ICC. We found that miR-145 level was significantly decreased in ICC tissue and cell lines, which corresponded with an increase in NUAK1 expression. NUAK1 was found to be a direct target of miR-145 regulation. The overexpression of miR-145 in ICC cell lines inhibited proliferation, growth, and invasion by suppressing NUAK1 expression, which was associated with a decrease in Akt signaling and matrix metalloproteinase protein expression. Similar results were observed by inhibiting NUAK1 expression. These results demonstrate that miR-145 can prevent ICC progression by targeting NUAK1 and its downstream effectors, and can therefore be useful for clinical diagnosis and targeted therapy of ICC."	0
"Title: Plasma miRNAs as early biomarkers for detecting hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: The early detection of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) presents a challenge because of the lack of specific biomarkers. Serum/plasma microRNAs (miRNAs) can discriminate HCC patients from controls. We aimed to identify and evaluate HCC-associated plasma miRNAs originating from the liver as early biomarkers for detecting HCC. In this multicenter three-phase study, we first performed screening using both plasma (HCC before and after liver transplantation or liver hepatectomy) and tissue samples (HCC, para-carcinoma and cirrhotic tissues). Then, we evaluated the diagnostic potential of the miRNAs in two case-control studies (training and validation sets). Finally, we used two prospective cohorts to test the potential of the identified miRNAs for the early detection of HCC. During the screening phase, we identified ten miRNAs, eight of which (miR-20a-5p, miR-25-3p, miR-30a-5p, miR-92a-3p, miR-132-3p, miR-185-5p, miR-320a and miR-324-3p) were significantly overexpressed in the HBV-positive HCC patients compared with the HBV-positive cancer-free controls in both the training and validation sets, with a sensitivity of 0.866 and specificity of 0.646. Furthermore, we assessed the potential for early HCC detection of these eight newly identified miRNAs and three previously reported miRNAs (miR-192-5p, miR-21-5p and miR-375) in two prospective cohorts. Our meta-analysis revealed that four miRNAs (miR-20a-5p, miR-320a, miR-324-3p and miR-375) could be used as preclinical biomarkers (pmeta < 0.05) for HCC. The expression profile of the eight-miRNA panel can be used to discriminate HCC patients from cancer-free controls, and the four-miRNA panel (alone or combined with AFP) could be a blood-based early detection biomarker for HCC screening."	0
"Title: Potent and persistent in vivo anti-HBV activity of chemically modified siRNAs. Abstract: The efficacy of lipid-encapsulated, chemically modified short interfering RNA (siRNA) targeted to hepatitis B virus (HBV) was examined in an in vivo mouse model of HBV replication. Stabilized siRNA targeted to the HBV RNA was incorporated into a specialized liposome to form a stable nucleic-acid-lipid particle (SNALP) and administered by intravenous injection into mice carrying replicating HBV. The improved efficacy of siRNA-SNALP compared to unformulated siRNA correlates with a longer half-life in plasma and liver. Three daily intravenous injections of 3 mg/kg/day reduced serum HBV DNA >1.0 log(10). The reduction in HBV DNA was specific, dose-dependent and lasted for up to 7 d after dosing. Furthermore, reductions were seen in serum HBV DNA for up to 6 weeks with weekly dosing. The advances demonstrated here, including persistence of in vivo activity, use of lower doses and reduced dosing frequency are important steps in making siRNA a clinically viable therapeutic approach."	0
"Title: The genomic and transcriptomic architecture of 2,000 breast tumours reveals novel subgroups. Abstract: The elucidation of breast cancer subgroups and their molecular drivers requires integrated views of the genome and transcriptome from representative numbers of patients. We present an integrated analysis of copy number and gene expression in a discovery and validation set of 997 and 995 primary breast tumours, respectively, with long-term clinical follow-up. Inherited variants (copy number variants and single nucleotide polymorphisms) and acquired somatic copy number aberrations (CNAs) were associated with expression in ~40% of genes, with the landscape dominated by cis- and trans-acting CNAs. By delineating expression outlier genes driven in cis by CNAs, we identified putative cancer genes, including deletions in PPP2R2A, MTAP and MAP2K4. Unsupervised analysis of paired DNARNA profiles revealed novel subgroups with distinct clinical outcomes, which reproduced in the validation cohort. These include a high-risk, oestrogen-receptor-positive 11q13/14 cis-acting subgroup and a favourable prognosis subgroup devoid of CNAs. Trans-acting aberration hotspots were found to modulate subgroup-specific gene networks, including a TCR deletion-mediated adaptive immune response in the CNA-devoid subgroup and a basal-specific chromosome 5 deletion-associated mitotic network. Our results provide a novel molecular stratification of the breast cancer population, derived from the impact of somatic CNAs on the transcriptome."	0
"Title: A reciprocal repression between ZEB1 and members of the miR-200 family promotes EMT and invasion in cancer cells. Abstract: The embryonic programme 'epithelial-mesenchymal transition' (EMT) is thought to promote malignant tumour progression. The transcriptional repressor zinc-finger E-box binding homeobox 1 (ZEB1) is a crucial inducer of EMT in various human tumours, and was recently shown to promote invasion and metastasis of tumour cells. Here, we report that ZEB1 directly suppresses transcription of microRNA-200 family members miR-141 and miR-200c, which strongly activate epithelial differentiation in pancreatic, colorectal and breast cancer cells. Notably, the EMT activators transforming growth factor beta2 and ZEB1 are the predominant targets downregulated by these microRNAs. These results indicate that ZEB1 triggers an microRNA-mediated feedforward loop that stabilizes EMT and promotes invasion of cancer cells. Alternatively, depending on the environmental trigger, this loop might switch and induce epithelial differentiation, and thus explain the strong intratumorous heterogeneity observed in many human cancers."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs in cancer: biomarkers, functions and therapy. Abstract: The emergence of microRNAs has been one of the defining developments in cancer biology over the past decade, and the explosion of knowledge in this area has brought forward new diagnostic and therapeutic opportunities. The importance of microRNAs in cancer has been underlined by the identification of alterations in microRNA target binding sites and the microRNA processing machinery in tumor cells. Clinical trials utilizing microRNA profiling for patient prognosis and clinical response are now underway, and the first microRNA mimic entered the clinic for cancer therapy in 2013. In this article we review the potential applications of microRNAs for the clinical assessment of patient outcome in cancer, as well as in cancer monitoring and therapy."	0
"Title: Delivery of miR-34a by chitosan/PLGA nanoplexes for the anticancer treatment of multiple myeloma. Abstract: The encapsulation of miR-34a into chitosan/PLGA nanoparticles in order to obtain nanoplexes useful for the modulation of the biopharmaceutical features of the active compound was studied. The nanoplexes were obtained through nanoprecipitation and were characterized by a mean diameter of ~160 nm, a good size distribution and a positive surface charge. The structure of the nanoparticles allowed a high level of entrapment efficiency of the miR-34a and provided protection of the genetic material from the effects of RNase. A high degree of transfection efficiency of the nanoplexes and a significant in vitro antitumor effect against multiple myeloma cells was demonstrated. The therapeutic properties of the nanoplexes were evaluated in vivo against human multiple myeloma xenografts in NOD-SCID mice. The systemic injection of miR-34a mimic-loaded nanoparticles significantly inhibited tumor growth and translated into improved survival of the laboratory mice. RT-PCR analysis carried out on retrieved tumors demonstrated the presence of a high concentration of miR-34a mimics. The integrity of the nanoplexes remained intact and no organ toxicity was observed in treated animals."	0
"Title: Endometrial cancer. Abstract: The epidemiology, prevention, diagnosis, treatment, prognosis, and new International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics staging system of endometrial carcinoma are reviewed. Endometrial cancer has increased 21% in incidence since 2008, and the death rate has increased more than 100% over the past two decades. Precursor lesions of complex hyperplasia with atypia are associated with an endometrial carcinoma in more than 40% of cases. Endometrial cancer in white women occurs at twice the incidence as in black women, but, stage for stage, black women have a less favorable prognosis. Preoperative imaging cannot accurately assess lymph node involvement. Gross examination of depth of myometrial invasion does not have the sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, or negative predictive value to select women who can have lymphadenectomy safely omitted from the surgical procedure. Although surgical staging remains the most accurate method of determining the extent of disease, the therapeutic value of pelvic lymphadenectomy has not been established. The anatomical extent of lymphadenectomy and the number of lymph nodes removed to establish prognostic and therapeutic benefit are controversial. Research efforts are directed at identifying women with early stage endometrial cancer who only require total hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy. Minimally invasive surgical techniques have become established as standard therapy for treating women with endometrial cancer. Women with a family history of hereditary nonpolyposis colorectal cancer are at increased risk for endometrial cancer. Conservative treatment to allow for childbearing is possible in select situations. Women with endometrial cancer should be managed by physicians experienced in the complex multimodality treatment of this disease."	0
"Title: miRNAs and related polymorphisms in rheumatoid arthritis susceptibility. Abstract: The epigenetic mechanisms in regulation of genes' expression seem to be another field of research that gains land in genetic association studies of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) susceptibility factors. Recently, a new class of molecules has been discovered, the microRNAs (miRNAs). miRNAs are related to post-transcriptional regulation of genes' expression. Different expression patterns of mir-146a, miRNA-155, miRNA-124a, mir-203, mir-223, mir-346, mir-132, mir-363, mir-498, mir-15a, and mir-16 were documented in several tissue sample types of RA patients. The polymorphisms of these miRNAs and their gene targets, which previously have been associated with RA or other autoimmune diseases, are also reviewed. Finally, using web-based tools we propose polymorphisms of the discussed miRNAs and their gene-targets that worth to be studied for their role in RA predisposition."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-200 family modulation in distinct breast cancer phenotypes. Abstract: The epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) contributes to tumor invasion and metastasis in a variety of cancer types. In human breast cancer, gene expression studies have determined that basal-B/claudin-low and metaplastic cancers exhibit EMT-related characteristics, but the molecular mechanisms underlying this observation are unknown. As the family of miR-200 microRNAs has been shown to regulate EMT in normal tissues and cancer, here we evaluated whether the expression of the miR-200 family (miR-200f) and their epigenetic state correlate with EMT features in human breast carcinomas. We analyzed by qRT-PCR the expression of miR-200f members and various EMT-transcriptional inducers in a series of 70 breast cancers comprising an array of phenotypic subtypes: estrogen receptor positive (ER+), HER2 positive (HER2+), and triple negative (TN), including a subset of metaplastic breast carcinomas (MBCs) with sarcomatous (homologous or heterologous) differentiation. No MBCs with squamous differentiation were included. The DNA methylation status of miR-200f loci in tumor samples were inspected using Sequenom MassArray® MALDI-TOF platform. We also used two non-tumorigenic breast basal cell lines that spontaneously undergo EMT to study the modulation of miR-200f expression during EMT in vitro. We demonstrate that miR-200f is strongly decreased in MBCs compared with other cancer types. TN and HER2+ breast cancers also exhibited lower miR-200f expression than ER+ tumors. Significantly, the decreased miR-200f expression found in MBCs is accompanied by an increase in the expression levels of EMT-transcriptional inducers, and hypermethylation of the miR-200c-141 locus. Similar to tumor samples, we demonstrated that downregulation of miR-200f and hypermethylation of the miR-200c-141 locus, together with upregulation of EMT-transcriptional inducers also occur in an in vitro cellular model of spontaneous EMT. Thus, the expression and methylation status of miR-200f could be used as hypothetical biomarkers to assess the occurrence of EMT in breast cancer."	0
"Title: Epithelial-Mesenchymal Transition in tumor microenvironment. Abstract: The epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) plays crucial roles in the formation of the body plan and also in the tumor invasion process. In addition, EMT also causes disruption of cell-cell adherence, loss of apico-basal polarity, matrix remodeling, increased motility and invasiveness in promoting tumor metastasis. The tumor microenvironment plays an important role in facilitating cancer metastasis and may induce the occurrence of EMT in tumor cells. A large number of inflammatory cells infiltrating the tumor site, as well as hypoxia existing in a large area of tumor, in addition many stem cells present in tumor microenvironment, such as cancer stem cells (CSCs), mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs), all of these may be the inducers of EMT in tumor cells. The signaling pathways involved in EMT are various, including TGF-?, NF-?B, Wnt, Notch, and others. In this review, we discuss the current knowledge about the role of the tumor microenvironment in EMT and the related signaling pathways as well as the interaction between them."	0
"Title: Involvement of NF-?B/miR-448 regulatory feedback loop in chemotherapy-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition of breast cancer cells. Abstract: The epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) induced by chemotherapeutic agents promotes malignant tumor progression; however, the mechanism underlying the drug-induced EMT remains unclear. In this study, we reported that miR-448 is the most downregulated microRNA following chemotherapy. Suppression of miR-448 correlated with EMT induction in breast cancer in vitro and in vivo. With the use of chromatin immunoprecipitation-seq analysis, we demonstrated that miR-448 suppression induces EMT by directly targeting special AT-rich sequence-binding protein-1 (SATB1) mRNA, leading to elevated levels of amphiregulin and thereby, increasing epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR)-mediated Twist1 expression, as well as nuclear factor ?B (NF-?B) activation. On the other hand, we also found that the adriamycin-activated NF-?B directly binds the promoter of miR-448 suppressing its transcription, suggesting a positive feedback loop between NF-?B and miR-448. Furthermore, all patients who received cyclophosphamide (CP), epirubicin plus taxotere/CP, epirubicin plus 5-fluorouracil chemotherapy showed miR-448 suppression, an increased SATB1, Twist1 expression and acquisition of mesenchymal phenotypes. These findings reveal an underlying regulatory pathway, in which the autoregulation between NF-?B and miR-448 is important for restrain miR-448 suppression upon chemotherapy and may have a role in the regulation of chemotherapy-induced EMT. Disruption of the NF-?B-miR-448 feedback loop during clinical treatment may improve the chemotherapy response of human breast cancers in which EMT is a critical component."	0
"Title: miR-221/222 targets adiponectin receptor 1 to promote the epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition in breast cancer. Abstract: The epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition (EMT) is a highly conserved physiological program involved in development and tissue repair; however, its aberrant activation has been implicated in accelerating the progression of a variety of cancers. In breast cancer, the microRNAs (miRNAs) miR-221 and miR-222 (miR-221/222) are differentially expressed in the clinically more aggressive basal-like subtype compared to luminal subtype of breast cancer and upregulation of miR-221/222 induces the EMT by targeting the 3' untranslated region (3'UTR) of the GATA family transcriptional repressor TRPS1 (tricho-rhino-phalangeal syndrome type 1). The complete mechanism through which miR-221/222 promotes the EMT, however, is not fully understood. We identified adiponectin receptor 1 (ADIPOR1), a receptor for the adipocytokine adiponectin, as a direct target of miR-221/222. ADIPOR1 is expressed at higher levels in the luminal compared to the basal-like subtype of breast cancer cell lines, which can be reduced by miR-221/222 targeting of its 3'UTR. In addition, miR-221/222 were negatively correlated with ADIPOR1 expression across breast cancer cell lines and tumors. ADIPOR1 depletion by siRNA in MCF10A cells induced the EMT and increased cell invasion. Depletion of ADIPOR1 by siRNA induced activation of the canonical nuclear factor-kappaB (NF-?B) and subsequent phosphorylation of signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) in an interleukin 6 (IL6)-dependent manner. Finally, overexpression of ADIPOR1 in the basal-like cell line, MDA-MB-231, attenuated cell invasion and promoted the mesenchymal-to-epithelial transition (MET). We conclude that ADIPOR1 negatively regulates EMT in breast cancer and provides an additional node by which miR-221/222 induces the EMT. These results suggest that ADIPOR1 may play an important role in breast cancer progression and metastasis, and could potentially offer an alternative therapeutic strategy for basal-like breast cancer patients."	0
"Title: Potential role of human-specific genes, human-specific microRNAs and human-specific non-coding regulatory RNAs in the pathogenesis of systemic sclerosis and Sjögren's syndrome. Abstract: The etiology and pathogenesis of human autoimmune diseases remain unknown despite intensive investigations. Although remarkable progress has been accomplished through genome wide association studies in the identification of genetic factors that may predispose to their occurrence or modify their clinical presentation to date no specific gene abnormalities have been conclusively demonstrated to be responsible for these diseases. The completion of the human and chimpanzee genome sequencing has opened up novel opportunities to examine the possible contribution of human specific genes and other regulatory elements unique to the human genome, such as microRNAs and non-coding RNAs, towards the pathogenesis of a variety of human disorders. Thus, it is likely that these human specific genes and non-coding regulatory elements may be involved in the development or the pathogenesis of various disorders that do not occur in non-human primates including certain autoimmune diseases such as Systemic Sclerosis and Primary Sjögren's Syndrome. Here, we discuss recent evidence supporting the notion that human specific genes or human specific microRNA and other non-coding RNA regulatory elements unique to the human genome may participate in the development or in the pathogenesis of Systemic Sclerosis and Primary Sjögren's Syndrome."	0
"Title: Hemorrhage, impaired hematopoiesis, and lethality in mouse embryos carrying a targeted disruption of the Fli1 transcription factor. Abstract: The Ets family of transcription factors have been suggested to function as key regulators of hematopoeisis. Here we describe aberrant hematopoeisis and hemorrhaging in mouse embryos homozygous for a targeted disruption in the Ets family member, Fli1. Mutant embryos are found to hemorrhage from the dorsal aorta to the lumen of the neural tube and ventricles of the brain (hematorrhachis) on embryonic day 11.0 (E11.0) and are dead by E12.5. Histological examinations and in situ hybridization reveal disorganization of columnar epithelium and the presence of hematomas within the neuroepithelium and disruption of the basement membrane lying between this and mesenchymal tissues, both of which express Fli1 at the time of hemorrhaging. Livers from mutant embryos contain few pronormoblasts and basophilic normoblasts and have drastically reduced numbers of colony forming cells. These defects occur with complete penetrance of phenotype regardless of the genetic background (inbred B6, hybrid 129/B6, or outbred CD1) or the targeted embryonic stem cell line used for the generation of knockout lines. Taken together, these results provide in vivo evidence for the role of Fli1 in the regulation of hematopoiesis and hemostasis."	0
"Title: Secretory mechanisms and intercellular transfer of microRNAs in living cells. Abstract: The existence of circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) in the blood of cancer patients has raised the possibility that miRNAs may serve as a novel diagnostic marker. However, the secretory mechanism and biological function of extracellular miRNAs remain unclear. Here, we show that miRNAs are released through a ceramide-dependent secretory machinery and that the secretory miRNAs are transferable and functional in the recipient cells. Ceramide, whose biosynthesis is regulated by neutral sphingomyelinase 2 (nSMase2), triggers secretion of small membrane vesicles called exosomes. The decreased activity of nSMase2 with a chemical inhibitor, GW4869, and a specific small interfering RNA resulted in the reduced secretion of miRNAs. Complementarily, overexpression of nSMase2 increased extracellular amounts of miRNAs. We also revealed that the endosomal sorting complex required for transport system is unnecessary for the release of miRNAs. Furthermore, a tumor-suppressive miRNA secreted via this pathway was transported between cells and exerted gene silencing in the recipient cells, thereby leading to cell growth inhibition. Our findings shed a ray of light on the physiological relevance of secretory miRNAs."	0
"Title: miR-145 suppresses thyroid cancer growth and metastasis and targets AKT3. Abstract: The expression and function of miR-145 in thyroid cancer is unknown. We evaluated the expression and function of miR-145 in thyroid cancer and its potential clinical application as a biomarker. We found that the expression of miR-145 is significantly downregulated in thyroid cancer as compared with normal. Overexpression of miR-145 in thyroid cancer cell lines resulted in: decreased cell proliferation, migration, invasion, VEGF secretion, and E-cadherin expression. miR-145 overexpression also inhibited the PI3K/Akt pathway and directly targeted AKT3. In vivo, miR-145 overexpression decreased tumor growth and metastasis in a xenograft mouse model, and VEGF secretion. miR-145 inhibition in normal primary follicular thyroid cells decreased the expression of thyroid cell differentiation markers. Analysis of indeterminate fine-needle aspiration samples showed miR-145 had a 92% negative predictive value for distinguishing benign from malignant thyroid nodules. Circulating miR-145 levels were significantly higher in patients with thyroid cancer and showed a venous gradient. Serum exosome extractions revealed that miR-145 is secreted. Our findings suggest that miR-145 is a master regulator of thyroid cancer growth, mediates its effect through the PI3K/Akt pathway, is secreted by the thyroid cancer cells, and may serve as an adjunct biomarker for thyroid cancer diagnosis."	0
"Title: Clinical significance of annexin A1 expression in breast cancer. Abstract: The expression of Annexin A1 (ANXA1) is known to be reduced in human breast cancer; however, the role of ANXA1 expression in the development of breast cancer remains unclear. In this study, we determined the relationship between the expression features of ANXA1 and the prognostic factors of breast cancer. Methods: Human breast tissues were obtained from patients specimens who had undergone breast surgery or core needle biopsies. The patterns of ANXA1 expression were analyzed by immunohistochemical staining in relation to histopathological diagnosis, clinical characteristics and outcomes. Results: One hundred eighty-two cases were included and the mean age of the patients was 46.34 ± 11.5 years. A significant loss of ANXA1 expression was noted in both ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) and invasive carcinomas compared to normal breast tissues (p<0.001) and benign breast diseases (p<0.001). There was a significant alteration in ANXA1 expression according to hormone receptor status (p<0.001), cancer intrinsic type (p<0.001), and nuclear grade (p=0.004) in invasive cancer. In a univariate analysis, ANXA1 positivity tended to be related with poor breast cancer-related survival (p=0.062); however, the same results was not realized in multivariate results (p=0.406). HER2 overexpression and TNM staging were significantly associated with relapse-free survivals (RFS) in the multivariate analysis (p=0.037, p=0.048, respectively). In particular, in node-positive patients (p=0.048), HER2 overexpressed patients (p=0.013), and non-triple negative breast cancer patients (p=0.002), ANXA1 overexpression was correlated with poor RFS. Conclusion: Although significant loss of ANXA1 expression was noted in breast cancer including DCIS and invasive carcinoma, in cases of invasive cancer, overexpression of ANXA1 was related to unfavorable prognostic factors. And these results imply that ANXA1 plays dualistic roles and is involved in variable mechanisms related to cancer development and progression."	0
"Title: Expression of miR-26b in ovarian carcinoma tissues and its correlation with clinicopathology. Abstract: The expression of microRNA (miR)-26b in ovarian carcinoma tissues, its correlation with clinicopathology, and its effect on diagnostic value and prognosis of ovarian cancer was investigated. A total of 74 patients with ovarian cancer (the study group) and 30 patients with benign ovarian tumors (the control group) in the Affiliated Hospital of Inner Mongolia Medical University from July 2011 to June 2013 were retrospectively analyzed. The expression of miR-26b in ovarian carcinoma tissues was detected by fluorescence reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (RT-qPCR), and the correlation between the expression of miR-26b and the pathological features of ovarian carcinoma tissues and prognosis of patients was analyzed. The expression level of miR-26b in the study group (0.28±0.07) was significantly lower than that in the control group (0.54±0.11; P<0.050). There was no significant correlation between miR-26b expression and age, tumor type, exercise habit, smoking habit of patients with ovarian cancer (P>0.050), but there was close correlation between the miR-26b expression and lymph node metastasis, differentiation degree and pathological stage of patients with ovarian cancer (P<0.001). ROC curve showed that the area under curve (AUC) was 0.839, and when the maximum cut-off value was 0.815, the sensitivity and specificity of miR-26b in diagnosing the ovary was 84.932% and 77.936%, respectively. The 5-year overall survival rate in the low-expression group (61.54%) was significantly lower than that in the high-expression group (84.85; P=0.028). miR-26b is under-expressed in the ovary and has a close relationship with pathological stage, differentiation degree, and lymph node metastasis of ovarian cancer, which indicates that miR-26b is involved in the occurrence and development of ovarian cancer and is expected to be an effective indicator for treatment and diagnosis of ovarian cancer and the prognosis of patients."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 promotes proliferation, migration, and invasion of cervical cancer through targeting TIMP3. Abstract: The expression of microRNA-21 (miR-21) is up-regulated in various cancers, including cervical cancer. However, the function of miR-21 through tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase 3 (TIMP3) on the proliferation, migration, and invasion in cervical cancer is still unclear. Methods: A total of 60 paired fresh cervical cancer tissues, the corresponding adjacent non-neoplastic tissues and serum samples were collected from cervical cancer patients, while 60 matched normal tissues and serum samples were collected from the control group. MiR-21 expression was evaluated by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). TIMP3 expression was evaluated by Western blot and qRT-PCR. Cell proliferation was determined by MTT assay. Migratory and invasive activities were assessed by cell migration and invasion assays, respectively. Luciferase reporter assay was employed to validate the direct targeting of TIMP3 by miR-21. Results: MiR-21 was up-regulated in cervical cancer tissues and serum samples, in contrast, TIMP3 was down-regulated in cervical cancer tissues. MiR-21 promoted the proliferation, viability and the migratory and invasive activities of cervical cancer cells through targeting TIMP3. Overexpression of TIMP3 attenuated the positive effects of miR-21. Conclusions: These findings provide a novel insight into the molecular functions of miR-21 in cervical cancer, which may be used as a diagnostic and prognostic biomarker for the treatment of cervical cancer in the future."	0
"Title: Dendrimer biocompatibility and toxicity. Abstract: The field of biomedical dendrimers is still in its infancy, but the explosion of interest in dendrimers and dendronised polymers as inherently active therapeutic agents, as vectors for targeted delivery of drugs, peptides and oligonucleotides, and as permeability enhancers able to promote oral and transdermal drug delivery makes it timely to review current knowledge regarding the toxicology of these dendrimer chemistries (currently under development for biomedical applications). Clinical experience with polymeric excipients, plasma expanders, and most recently the development of more 'classical polymer'-derived therapeutics can be used to guide development of ""safe"" dendritic polymers. Moreover, in future it will only ever be possible to designate a dendrimer as ""safe"" when related to a specific application. The so far limited clinical experience using dendrimers make it impossible to designate any particular chemistry intrinsically ""safe"" or ""toxic"". Although there is widespread concern as to the safety of nano-sized particles, preclinical and clinical experience gained during the development of polymeric excipients, biomedical polymers and polymer therapeutics shows that judicious development of dendrimer chemistry for each specific application will ensure development of safe and important materials for biomedical and pharmaceutical use."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs and other non-coding RNAs as targets for anticancer drug development. Abstract: The first cancer-targeted microRNA (miRNA) drug - MRX34, a liposome-based miR-34 mimic - entered Phase I clinical trials in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma in April 2013, and miRNA therapeutics are attracting special attention from both academia and biotechnology companies. Although miRNAs are the most studied non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) to date, the importance of long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs) is increasingly being recognized. Here, we summarize the roles of miRNAs and lncRNAs in cancer, with a focus on the recently identified novel mechanisms of action, and discuss the current strategies in designing ncRNA-targeting therapeutics, as well as the associated challenges."	0
"Title: A comparative study on nonviral genetic modifications in cord blood and bone marrow mesenchymal stem cells. Abstract: The focus of both clinical and basic studies on stem cells is increasing due to their potentials in regenerative medicine and cell-based therapies. Recently stem cells have been genetically modified to enhance an existing character in or to bring a new property to them. However, accomplishment of declared goals requires detailed knowledge about their molecular characteristics which could be achieved by genetic modifications mostly through nonviral transfection strategies. Capable of differentiating into multiple cells, human unrestricted somatic stem cells (hUSSCs) and human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) seem to be suitable candidates for transfection approaches. Involvement of microRNAs (miRNAs) in many biological processes makes their transfection evaluation valuable. Herein we investigated the efficacy and toxicity of four typically used transfection reagents (Arrest-In, Lipofectamine 2000, Oligofectamine and HiPerfect) systematically to deliver fluorescent labeled-miRNA and Green Fluorescent Protein (GFP) expressing plasmid into hUSSCs and hMSCs. The authenticity of stem cells was verified by differentiation experiments along with flow cytometry of surface markers. Our study revealed that stemness properties of these stem cells were not affected by transient transfection. Moreover the ratios of cell viability and transfection efficiency in both analyzed stem cells were reversed. Considering cell viability, the highest fraction of GFP-expressing cells was obtained using Oligofectamine (~50%) while the highest transfection rate of miRNA was achieved by Lipofectamine 2000 (~90%). Moreover dependency of hMSCs to size of transfected nucleic acid and time-dependency of Oligofectamine and their affection on the yield of transfection were observed. Cytotoxicity assessments also showed that hUSSCs are sensitive to HiPerFect. In addition cells treated by Lipofectamine showed morphological changes. Representing the efficient nucleic acid transfection, our research facilitates comprehensive genetic modification of stem cells and demonstrates powerful approaches to understand stem cell molecular regulation mechanisms, which eventually improves nonviral cell-mediated gene therapy."	0
"Title: Coordinate regulation of FOXO1 by miR-27a, miR-96, and miR-182 in breast cancer cells. Abstract: The FOXO1 transcription factor orchestrates the regulation of genes involved in the apoptotic response, cell cycle checkpoints, and cellular metabolism. FOXO1 is a putative tumor suppressor, and the expression of this gene is dysregulated in some cancers, including prostate and endometrial cancers. However, the molecular mechanism resulting in aberrant expression of human FOXO1 in cancer cells is poorly understood. We show here that FOXO1 mRNA is down-regulated in breast tumor samples as compared with normal breast tissue. Silencing of the microRNA processing enzymes, Drosha and Dicer, led to an increase in FOXO1 expression. We also identified functional and specific microRNA target sites in the FOXO1 3'-untranslated region for miR-27a, miR-96, and miR-182, microRNAs that have previously been linked to oncogenic transformation. The three microRNAs, miR-27a, miR-96 and miR-182, were observed to be highly expressed in MCF-7 breast cancer cells, in which the level of FOXO1 protein is very low. Antisense inhibitors to each of these microRNAs led to a significant increase in endogenous FOXO1 expression and to a decrease in cell number in a manner that was blocked by FOXO1 siRNA. Overexpression of FOXO1 resulted in decreased cell viability because of inhibition of cell cycle traverse and induction of cell death. We have identified a novel mechanism of FOXO1 regulation, and targeting of FOXO1 by microRNAs may contribute to transformation or maintenance of an oncogenic state in breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: RNA cytosine methylation by Dnmt2 and NSun2 promotes tRNA stability and protein synthesis. Abstract: The function of cytosine-C5 methylation, a widespread modification of tRNAs, has remained obscure, particularly in mammals. We have now developed a mouse strain defective in cytosine-C5 tRNA methylation, by disrupting both the Dnmt2 and the NSun2 tRNA methyltransferases. Although the lack of either enzyme alone has no detectable effects on mouse viability, double mutants showed a synthetic lethal interaction, with an underdeveloped phenotype and impaired cellular differentiation. tRNA methylation analysis of the double-knockout mice demonstrated complementary target-site specificities for Dnmt2 and NSun2 and a complete loss of cytosine-C5 tRNA methylation. Steady-state levels of unmethylated tRNAs were substantially reduced, and loss of Dnmt2 and NSun2 was further associated with reduced rates of overall protein synthesis. These results establish a biologically important function for cytosine-C5 tRNA methylation in mammals and suggest that this modification promotes mouse development by supporting protein synthesis."	0
"Title: microRNA-29a induces aberrant self-renewal capacity in hematopoietic progenitors, biased myeloid development, and acute myeloid leukemia. Abstract: The function of microRNAs (miRNAs) in hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs), committed progenitors, and leukemia stem cells (LSCs) is poorly understood. We show that miR-29a is highly expressed in HSC and down-regulated in hematopoietic progenitors. Ectopic expression of miR-29a in mouse HSC/progenitors results in acquisition of self-renewal capacity by myeloid progenitors, biased myeloid differentiation, and the development of a myeloproliferative disorder that progresses to acute myeloid leukemia (AML). miR-29a promotes progenitor proliferation by expediting G1 to S/G2 cell cycle transitions. miR-29a is overexpressed in human AML and, like human LSC, miR-29a-expressing myeloid progenitors serially transplant AML. Our data indicate that miR-29a regulates early hematopoiesis and suggest that miR-29a initiates AML by converting myeloid progenitors into self-renewing LSC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-9: functional evolution of a conserved small regulatory RNA. Abstract: The functional significance of microRNA-9 (miR-9) during evolution is evidenced by its conservation at the nucleotide level from flies to humans but not its diverse expression patterns. Recent studies in several model systems reveal that miR-9 can regulate neurogenesis through its actions in neural or non-neural cell lineages. In vertebrates, miR-9 exerts diverse cell-autonomous effects on the proliferation, migration, and differentiation of neural progenitor cells by modulating different mRNA targets. In some developmental contexts, miR-9 suppresses apoptosis and is misregulated in several types of cancer cells, influencing proliferation or metastasis formation. Moreover, downregulation of miR-9 in postmitotic neurons is also implicated in some neurodegenerative diseases. Thus, miR-9 is emerging as an important regulator in development and disease through its ability to modulate different targets in a manner dependent on the developmental stage and the cellular context."	0
"Title: microRNA-195 inhibits the proliferation, migration and invasion of cervical cancer cells via the inhibition of CCND2 and MYB expression. Abstract: The functions of microRNAs (miRNA/miR) in the development of cervical cancer remain largely undefined. The present study investigated the role of miR-195 in cervical cancer development. The expression of miR-195 mimics in the cervical cancer HeLa cell line significantly decreased the cell proliferation, migration and invasion capacitiesin vitro. Using miRNA target prediction algorithms and reporter assays, cyclin D2 (CCND2) and v-myb avian myeloblastosis viral oncogene homolog (MYB) were identified as direct targets of miR-195. Moreover, miR-195 repressed the expression of CCND2 and MYB in the HeLa cells at the mRNA and protein levels. Finally, the expression of miR-195 was downregulated in cervical cancer tissues compared with normal tissues. Together, these data suggest that miR-195 is a tumor suppressor in cervical cancer."	0
"Title: A genetic defect in exportin-5 traps precursor microRNAs in the nucleus of cancer cells. Abstract: The global impairment of mature microRNAs (miRNAs) is emerging as a common feature of human tumors. One interesting scenario is that defects in the nuclear export of precursor miRNAs (pre-miRNAs) might occur in transformed cells. Exportin 5 (XPO5) mediates pre-miRNA nuclear export and herein we demonstrate the presence of XPO5-inactivating mutations in a subset of human tumors with microsatellite instability. The XPO5 genetic defect traps pre-miRNAs in the nucleus, reduces miRNA processing, and diminishes miRNA-target inhibition. The XPO5 mutant form lacks a C-terminal region that contributes to the formation of the pre-miRNA/XPO5/Ran-GTP ternary complex and pre-miRNAs accumulate in the nucleus. Most importantly, the restoration of XPO5 functions reverses the impaired export of pre-miRNAs and has tumor-suppressor features."	0
"Title: A novel ligand of the formyl peptide receptor: annexin I regulates neutrophil extravasation by interacting with the FPR. Abstract: The glucocorticoid-regulated protein annexin I (lipocortin I) has been shown to mediate antiinflammatory activities of glucocorticoids, but the molecular basis of its action has remained elusive. Here we show that annexin I acts through the formyl peptide receptor (FPR) on human neutrophils. Peptides derived from the unique N-terminal domain of annexin I serve as FPR ligands and trigger different signaling pathways in a dose-dependent manner. Lower peptide concentrations possibly found in inflammatory situations elicit Ca2+ transients without fully activating the MAP kinase pathway. This causes a specific inhibition of the transendothelial migration of neutrophils and a desensitization of neutrophils toward a chemoattractant challenge. These findings identify annexin I peptides as novel, endogenous FPR ligands and establish a mechanistic basis of annexin I-mediated antiinflammatory effects."	0
"Title: MicroRNA control of epithelial-mesenchymal transition and metastasis. Abstract: The great majority of cancer deaths are due to metastasis, which remains a poorly understood pathological process. The formation of a metastasis reflects a succession of complex steps leading to the macroscopic outgrowth of disseminated tumor cells at the secondary site. In the past 5 years, certain microRNAs (miRNAs) have been shown to regulate either a single step or multiple steps of metastasis, doing so by downregulating the expression of their target genes. In this review, we discuss recent studies on the functions and molecular mechanisms of miRNAs in regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: Hallmarks of cancer: the next generation. Abstract: The hallmarks of cancer comprise six biological capabilities acquired during the multistep development of human tumors. The hallmarks constitute an organizing principle for rationalizing the complexities of neoplastic disease. They include sustaining proliferative signaling, evading growth suppressors, resisting cell death, enabling replicative immortality, inducing angiogenesis, and activating invasion and metastasis. Underlying these hallmarks are genome instability, which generates the genetic diversity that expedites their acquisition, and inflammation, which fosters multiple hallmark functions. Conceptual progress in the last decade has added two emerging hallmarks of potential generality to this list-reprogramming of energy metabolism and evading immune destruction. In addition to cancer cells, tumors exhibit another dimension of complexity: they contain a repertoire of recruited, ostensibly normal cells that contribute to the acquisition of hallmark traits by creating the ""tumor microenvironment."" Recognition of the widespread applicability of these concepts will increasingly affect the development of new means to treat human cancer."	0
Title: Negative regulatory sequences in the lin-14 3'-untranslated region are necessary to generate a temporal switch during Caenorhabditis elegans development. Abstract: The heterchronic gene lin-14 controls the temporal sequence of developmental events in the Caenorhabditis elegans postembryonic cell lineage. It encodes a nuclear protein that normally is present in most somatic cells of late embryos and L1 larvae but is absent at later stages. Two lin-14 gain-of-function mutations delete 3'-untranslated sequences causing an inappropriately high level of the lin-14 nuclear protein late in development. These mutations identify a negative regulatory element that controls the formation of the lin-14 protein temporal gradient. The 21-kb lin-14 gene is differentially spliced to generate three lin-14 transcripts that encode protein products with variable amino-terminal regions and a constant carboxy-terminal region. The sequence of the gene revealed no protein sequence similarity to any proteins in various data bases.	0
"Title: Cationic polyurethanes-short branch PEI-mediated delivery of Mir145 inhibited epithelial-mesenchymal transdifferentiation and cancer stem-like properties and in lung adenocarcinoma. Abstract: The high invasiveness and frequent recurrence of lung adenocarcinoma (LAC) are major reasons for treatment failures and poor prognoses. Alterations in microRNAs (miRNAs) expression have been shown in lung cancers. Recent reports have demonstrated that tumors contain a small subpopulation of cancer stem cells (CSCs) that possesses self-renewing capacity and is responsible for tumor malignancy including metastasis, relapse, and chemoradioresistance. However, a miRNAs-based therapeutic approach in LAC-associated CSCs (LAC-CSCs) is still blurred. Using miRNA/mRNA-microarray and Quantitative RT-PCR, we found that the expression of miR145 is negatively correlated with the levels of Oct4/Sox2/Fascin1 in LAC patient specimens, and an Oct4(high)Sox2(high)Fascin1(high)miR145(low) phenotype predicted poor prognosis. We enriched LAC-CSCs by side population sorting or identification of CD133 markers and found that LAC-CSCs exhibited low miR145 and high Oct4/Sox2/Fascin1 expression, CSC-like properties, and chemoradioresistance. To clarify the role of miR145, we used a polyurethane-short branch-polyethylenimine (PU-PEI) as the vehicle to deliver miR145 into LAC-CSCs. PU-PEI-mediated miR145 delivery reduced CSC-like properties, and improved chemoradioresistance in LAC-CSCs by directly targeting Oct4/Sox2/Fascin1. Importantly, the repressive effect of miR145 on tumor metastasis was mediated by inhibiting the epithelial-mesenchymal transdifferentiation (EMT) and metastastic ability, partially by regulating Oct4/Sox2/Fascin1, Tcf4, and Wnt5a. Finally, in vivo study showed that PU-PEI-mediated miR145 delivery to xenograft tumors reduced tumor growth and metastasis, sensitized tumors to chemoradiotherapies, and prolonged the survival times of tumor-bearing mice. Our results demonstrated that miR145 acts as a switch regulating lung CSC-like and EMT properties, and provide insights into the clinical prospect of miR145-based therapies for malignant lung cancers."	0
"Title: Comparable expression of miR-let-7b, miR-21, miR-182, miR-145, and p53 in serum and cervical cells: Diagnostic implications for early detection of cervical lesions. Abstract: The high mortality associated with cervical cancer is due to low uptake of Pap smear test, lack of early diagnostic biomarkers and less-invasive approach, and late presentation of the disease. This study evaluated the expression of hsa-miR-let-7b, hsa-miR-21, hsa-miR-125b, hsa-miR-143, hsa-miR-145, hsa-miR-146a, hsa-miR-155, hsa-miR-182, hsa-miR-200c, and p53 in serum and cervix in relation to classes of Pap smear, in a bid to identify a serum panel for early diagnosis of cervical lesions. Methodology: This study included 329 women; 159 healthy women (HW), 46 cervicitis, 46 atypical squamous cells of undetermined significance (ASCUS), 40 low-grade squamous cell intraepithelial lesion (LSIL), 28 high-grade squamous cell intraepithelial lesion (HSIL), and 10 squamous cell carcinoma (SCC). Expression of microRNAs (miRNAs) and p53 was assessed using reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. Results: Except for miR-143 and miR-146a, significant correlations were observed between serum and cervix expression of miRNAs and p53 in relation to levels and classes of Pap smear ( P < 0.05). Relatively, higher expression of miR-21, miR-146a, miR-155, miR-182, and miR-200c and lower expression of let-7b and miR-145 were observed in sera associated with cervical abnormalities than in sera associated with normal cervix ( P < 0.0001, P = 0.001, P < 0.0001, P = 0.003, P = 0.007, P = 0.036, and P = 0.046, respectively). Higher and lower expression of p53 was observed in women diagnosed of LSIL and SCC, respectively, than in HW ( P < 0.0001). Conclusion: This study suggests that serum expression of miR-21, miR-182, let-7b, miR-145, and p53 is comparable to cervical cell expression and could be useful in differentiating abnormal cervix from the healthy cervix."	0
"Title: Hormones and AID: balancing immunity and autoimmunity. Abstract: The human immune system is a complex dynamic network of soluble factors and specialized cells that can and need to act in an instance or keep a lifelong protection, with the consequence that health has to be maintained through genetic and environmental stimuli. Autoimmunity is a multifactorial disease, where this combination of genetic predisposition and environmental factors lead to disease etiology. As some autoimmune diseases, such as systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE), rheumatoid arthritis (RA) or other B cell autoimmunities have a very strong female gender bias, hormones, especially estrogen, have been implicated as environmental factors in driving the disease. One of the key regulators of B cell development is activation-induced deaminase (AID), as its molecular mechanism of cytosine deamination induces immunoglobulin affinity maturation and antibody class switching. In this review we will highlight some of the recent findings of how estrogen directly and indirectly activates AID expression, which in turn can lead to immune hyper-stimulation. Those regulatory pathways can be direct when the estrogen receptor (ER) binds the AID promoter, or indirect via activation of transcription factors that enhance AID expression (e.g., HoxC4). Estrogen's influence on AID will also be discussed in terms of microRNA processing for miRNA-155 and miRNA-181b. Important other external stimuli, such as EBV virus, in conjunction with estrogen can add another layer of regulation during autoimmune disease progression. Understanding these pathways will become more important as AID has now been implicated to play an important role in immune tolerance and actual elimination of autoantibodies."	0
"Title: Alternative mRNA transcription, processing, and translation: insights from RNA sequencing. Abstract: The human transcriptome comprises >80,000 protein-coding transcripts and the estimated number of proteins synthesized from these transcripts is in the range of 250,000 to 1 million. These transcripts and proteins are encoded by less than 20,000 genes, suggesting extensive regulation at the transcriptional, post-transcriptional, and translational level. Here we review how RNA sequencing (RNA-seq) technologies have increased our understanding of the mechanisms that give rise to alternative transcripts and their alternative translation. We highlight four different regulatory processes: alternative transcription initiation, alternative splicing, alternative polyadenylation, and alternative translation initiation. We discuss their transcriptome-wide distribution, their impact on protein expression, their biological relevance, and the possible molecular mechanisms leading to their alternative regulation. We conclude with a discussion of the coordination and the interdependence of these four regulatory layers."	0
"Title: A serum microRNA panel as potential biomarkers for hepatocellular carcinoma related with hepatitis B virus. Abstract: The identification of new high-sensitivity and high-specificity markers for HCC are essential. We aimed to identify serum microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers to be used in diagnosing hepatitis B virus (HBV) -related hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Methods: We investigated serum miRNA expression in (261 HCC patients, 233 cirrhosis patients, and 173 healthy controls), recruited between August 2010 and June 2013. An initial screening of miRNA expression by Illumina sequencing was performed using serum samples pooled from HCC patients and controls. Quantitative reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) was used to evaluate the expression of selected miRNAs. A logistic regression model was constructed using a training cohort (n = 357) and then validated using an independent cohort (n = 241). The area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) was used to evaluate the accuracy of the use of the biomarkers for disease diagnosis. Results: We identified 8 miRNAs (hsa-miR-206, hsa-miR-141-3p, hsa-miR-433-3p, hsa-miR-1228-5p, hsa-miR-199a-5p, hsa-miR-122-5p, hsa-miR-192-5p, and hsa-miR-26a-5p) and constructed an miRNA set that provided high diagnostic accuracy for HCC (AUC = 0.887 and 0.879 for training and validation sets, respectively). The miRNAs could also be used to differentiate HCC patients from healthy (AUC = 0.893) and cirrhosis (AUC = 0.892) patients. Conclusions: We identified a serum of miRNA panel that has considerable clinical value in HCC diagnosis."	0
"Title: A cooperative microRNA-tumor suppressor gene network in acute T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL). Abstract: The importance of individual microRNAs (miRNAs) has been established in specific cancers. However, a comprehensive analysis of the contribution of miRNAs to the pathogenesis of any specific cancer is lacking. Here we show that in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia (T-ALL), a small set of miRNAs is responsible for the cooperative suppression of several tumor suppressor genes. Cross-comparison of miRNA expression profiles in human T-ALL with the results of an unbiased miRNA library screen allowed us to identify five miRNAs (miR-19b, miR-20a, miR-26a, miR-92 and miR-223) that are capable of promoting T-ALL development in a mouse model and which account for the majority of miRNA expression in human T-ALL. Moreover, these miRNAs produce overlapping and cooperative effects on tumor suppressor genes implicated in the pathogenesis of T-ALL, including IKAROS (also known as IKZF1), PTEN, BIM, PHF6, NF1 and FBXW7. Thus, a comprehensive and unbiased analysis of miRNA action in T-ALL reveals a striking pattern of miRNA-tumor suppressor gene interactions in this cancer."	0
"Title: RNA in unexpected places: long non-coding RNA functions in diverse cellular contexts. Abstract: The increased application of transcriptome-wide profiling approaches has led to an explosion in the number of documented long non-coding RNAs (lncRNAs). While these new and enigmatic players in the complex transcriptional milieu are encoded by a significant proportion of the genome, their functions are mostly unknown. Early discoveries support a paradigm in which lncRNAs regulate transcription via chromatin modulation, but new functions are steadily emerging. Given the biochemical versatility of RNA, lncRNAs may be used for various tasks, including post-transcriptional regulation, organization of protein complexes, cell-cell signalling and allosteric regulation of proteins."	0
"Title: Retinoic acid receptor antagonists inhibit miR-10a expression and block metastatic behavior of pancreatic cancer. Abstract: The infiltrating ductal adenocarcinoma of the pancreas is among the most lethal of all solid malignancies, largely owing to a high frequency of early metastasis. We identified microRNA-10a (miR-10a) as an important mediator of metastasis formation in pancreatic tumor cells and investigated the upstream and downstream regulatory mechanisms of miR-10a. Methods: Northern blot analysis revealed increased expression levels of miR-10a in metastatic pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The role of miR-10a was analyzed by Morpholino and short interfering RNA transfection of pancreatic carcinoma cell lines and resected specimens of human pancreatic carcinoma. Metastatic behavior of primary pancreatic tumors and cancer cell lines was tested in xenotransplantation experiments in zebrafish embryos. Results: We show that miR-10a expression promotes metastatic behavior of pancreatic tumor cells and that repression of miR-10a is sufficient to inhibit invasion and metastasis formation. We further show that miR-10a is a retinoid acid target and that retinoic acid receptor antagonists effectively repress miR-10a expression and completely block metastasis. This antimetastatic activity can be prevented by specific knockdown of HOX genes, HOXB1 and HOXB3. Interestingly, suppression of HOXB1 and HOXB3 in pancreatic cancer cells is sufficient to promote metastasis formation. Conclusions: These findings suggest that miR-10a is a key mediator of metastatic behavior in pancreatic cancer, which regulates metastasis via suppression of HOXB1 and HOXB3. Inhibition of miR-10a expression (with retinoic acid receptor antagonists) or function (with specific inhibitors) is a promising starting point for antimetastatic therapies."	0
"Title: The influence of surface modification on the cytotoxicity of PAMAM dendrimers. Abstract: The influence of surface modification on the cytotoxicity of PAMAM dendrimers was examined using Caco-2 cells. Dendrimers were modified by conjugating either lauroyl chains or polyethylene glycol (PEG) 2000 onto the surface of cationic PAMAM dendrimers (G2, G3, G4). The cytotoxicity of unmodified dendrimers towards Caco-2 cells was appreciably higher for cationic (whole generation) compared with anionic (half generation) dendrimers and for both types increased with increasing size (generation) and concentration. A marked decrease in the cytotoxicity of cationic PAMAM dendrimers was noted when the surface was modified, with the addition of six lauroyl or four PEG chains being particularly effective in decreasing cytotoxicity. This decrease in cytotoxicity is thought to be due to a reduction/shielding of the positive charge on the dendrimer surface by the attached chains. The cytotoxicity of dendrimer-based delivery systems is likely to be very different from the parent dendrimer."	0
"Title: Epigenetic therapy of cancer: past, present and future. Abstract: The initiation and progression of cancer is controlled by both genetic and epigenetic events. Unlike genetic alterations, which are almost impossible to reverse, epigenetic aberrations are potentially reversible, allowing the malignant cell population to revert to a more normal state. With the advent of numerous drugs that target specific enzymes involved in the epigenetic regulation of gene expression, the utilization of epigenetic targets is emerging as an effective and valuable approach to chemotherapy as well as chemoprevention of cancer."	0
"Title: Double-stranded RNA-mediated silencing of genomic tandem repeats and transposable elements in the D. melanogaster germline. Abstract: The injection of double-stranded RNA (dsRNA) has been shown to induce a potent sequence-specific inhibition of gene function in diverse invertebrate and vertebrate species. The homology-dependent posttranscriptional gene silencing (PTGS) caused by the introduction of transgenes in plants may be mediated by dsRNA. The analysis of Caenorhabditis elegans mutants impaired with dsRNA-mediated silencing and studies in plants implicate a biological role of dsRNA-mediated silencing as a transposon-repression and antiviral mechanism. Results: We investigated the silencing of testis-expressed Stellate genes by paralogous Su(Ste) tandem repeats, which are known to be involved in the maintenance of male fertility in Drosophila melanogaster. We found that both strands of repressor Su(Ste) repeats are transcribed, producing sense and antisense RNA. The Stellate silencing is associated with the presence of short Su(Ste) RNAs. Cotransfection experiments revealed that Su(Ste) dsRNA can target and eliminate Stellate transcripts in Drosophila cell culture. The short fragment of Stellate gene that is homologous to Su(Ste) was shown to be sufficient to confer Su(Ste)-dependent silencing of a reporter construct in testes. We demonstrated that Su(Ste) dsRNA-mediated silencing affects not only Stellate expression but also the level of sense Su(Ste) RNA providing a negative autogenous regulation of Su(Ste) expression. Mutation in the spindle-E gene relieving Stellate silencing also leads to a derepression of the other genomic tandem repeats and retrotransposons in the germline. Conclusions: Homology-dependent gene silencing was shown to be used to inhibit Stellate gene expression in the D. melanogaster germline, ensuring male fertility. dsRNA-mediated silencing may provide a basis for negative autogenous control of gene expression. The related surveillance system is implicated to control expression of retrotransposons in the germline."	0
"Title: Micro RNA 145 targets the insulin receptor substrate-1 and inhibits the growth of colon cancer cells. Abstract: The insulin receptor substrate-1 (IRS-1), a docking protein for both the type 1 insulin-like growth factor receptor (IGF-IR) and the insulin receptor, is known to send a mitogenic, anti-apoptotic, and anti-differentiation signal. Several micro RNAs (miRs) are suggested by the data base as possible candidates for targeting IRS-1. We show here that one of the miRs predicted by the data base, miR145, whether transfected as a synthetic oligonucleotide or expressed from a plasmid, causes down-regulation of IRS-1 in human colon cancer cells. IRS-1 mRNA is not decreased by miR145, while it is down-regulated by an siRNA targeting IRS-1. Targeting of the IRS-1 3'-untranslated region (UTR) by miR145 was confirmed using a reporter gene (luciferase) expressing the miR145 binding sites of the IRS-1 3'-UTR. In agreement with the role of IRS-1 in cell proliferation, we show that treatment of human colon cancer cells with miR145 causes growth arrest comparable to the use of an siRNA against IRS-1. Taken together, these results identify miR145 as a micro RNA that down-regulates the IRS-1 protein, and inhibits the growth of human cancer cells."	0
"Title: Estimates of incidence and mortality of cervical cancer in 2018: a worldwide analysis. Abstract: The knowledge that persistent human papillomavirus (HPV) infection is the main cause of cervical cancer has resulted in the development of prophylactic vaccines to prevent HPV infection and HPV assays that detect nucleic acids of the virus. WHO has launched a Global Initiative to scale up preventive, screening, and treatment interventions to eliminate cervical cancer as a public health problem during the 21st century. Therefore, our study aimed to assess the existing burden of cervical cancer as a baseline from which to assess the effect of this initiative. Methods: For this worldwide analysis, we used data of cancer estimates from 185 countries from the Global Cancer Observatory 2018 database. We used a hierarchy of methods dependent on the availability and quality of the source information from population-based cancer registries to estimate incidence of cervical cancer. For estimation of cervical cancer mortality, we used the WHO mortality database. Countries were grouped in 21 subcontinents and were also categorised as high-resource or lower-resource countries, on the basis of their Human Development Index. We calculated the number of cervical cancer cases and deaths in a given country, directly age-standardised incidence and mortality rate of cervical cancer, indirectly standardised incidence ratio and mortality ratio, cumulative incidence and mortality rate, and average age at diagnosis. Findings: Approximately 570 000 cases of cervical cancer and 311 000 deaths from the disease occurred in 2018. Cervical cancer was the fourth most common cancer in women, ranking after breast cancer (2·1 million cases), colorectal cancer (0·8 million) and lung cancer (0·7 million). The estimated age-standardised incidence of cervical cancer was 13·1 per 100 000 women globally and varied widely among countries, with rates ranging from less than 2 to 75 per 100 000 women. Cervical cancer was the leading cause of cancer-related death in women in eastern, western, middle, and southern Africa. The highest incidence was estimated in Eswatini, with approximately 6·5% of women developing cervical cancer before age 75 years. China and India together contributed more than a third of the global cervical burden, with 106 000 cases in China and 97 000 cases in India, and 48 000 deaths in China and 60 000 deaths in India. Globally, the average age at diagnosis of cervical cancer was 53 years, ranging from 44 years (Vanuatu) to 68 years (Singapore). The global average age at death from cervical cancer was 59 years, ranging from 45 years (Vanuatu) to 76 years (Martinique). Cervical cancer ranked in the top three cancers affecting women younger than 45 years in 146 (79%) of 185 countries assessed. Interpretation: Cervical cancer continues to be a major public health problem affecting middle-aged women, particularly in less-resourced countries. The global scale-up of HPV vaccination and HPV-based screening-including self-sampling-has potential to make cervical cancer a rare disease in the decades to come. Our study could help shape and monitor the initiative to eliminate cervical cancer as a major public health problem. Funding: Belgian Foundation Against Cancer, DG Research and Innovation of the European Commission, and The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation."	0
"Title: Long non-coding RNA HOTAIR modulates HLA-G expression by absorbing miR-148a in human cervical cancer. Abstract: The long non-coding RNA HOX transcript antisense RNA (HOTAIR) has been found overexpressed in many human malignancies and involved in tumor progression and metastasis. However, little is known about the potential biological roles of HOTAIR in tumor escape. In the present study, the expression of HOTAIR was detected in 59 paired cervical cancer tissue samples by real-time PCR and then subjected to correlation analysis with clinical features. The effects of HOTAIR on cervical cancer cells as well as the expression of human leukocyte antigen (HLA)-G were studied by overexpression and RNA interference approaches. Insight into the mechanism of HOTAIR acting as competitive endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs) was gained from bioinformatic analysis and luciferase assays. HOTAIR expression was obviously increased in cervical cancer tissue. HOTAIR upregulation was associated with advanced pathological stage, histology, lymph node invasion and lymphatic metastasis, and also correlated with shorter overall survival of cervical cancer patients. Furthermore, HOTAIR overexpression promoted the proliferation, migration and invasion of cervical cancer cells, while HOTAIR knockdown inhibited cell invasion and cell viability, induced apoptosis and inhibited growth in vitro and in vivo. Moreover, HOTAIR modulated human leucocyte antigen-G (HLA-G) expression by competitively binding miR-148a. Our data suggest that HOTAIR plays an important oncogenic role in cervical cancer and might serve as a marker for cervical cancer prognosis and a potential target for therapeutic intervention."	0
"Title: Involvement of microRNA-93, a new regulator of PTEN/Akt signaling pathway, in regulation of chemotherapeutic drug cisplatin chemosensitivity in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: The mechanisms underlying ovarian cancer cell resistance to cisplatin (CDDP) are not fully understood. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play important roles in tumorigenesis and drug resistance. In this paper, we utilized microRNA array and real-time PCR to show that miR-93 is significantly up-regulated in cisplatin-resistant ovarian cancer cells. In vitro assays show that over-expression and knock-down of miR-93 regulate apoptotic activity, and thereby cisplatin chemosensitivity, in ovarian cells. Furthermore, we found that miR-93 can directly target PTEN, and participates in the regulation of the AKT signaling pathway. MiR-93 inversely correlates with PTEN expression in CDDP-resistant and sensitive human ovarian cancer tissues. These results may have implications for therapeutic strategies aiming to overcome ovarian cancer cell resistance to cisplatin."	0
"Title: Post-transcriptional control of DGCR8 expression by the Microprocessor. Abstract: The Microprocessor, comprising the RNase III Drosha and the double-stranded RNA binding protein DGCR8, is essential for microRNA (miRNA) biogenesis. In the miRNA processing pathway certain hairpin structures within primary miRNA (pri-miRNA) transcripts are specifically cleaved by the Microprocessor to release approximately 60-70-nucleotide precursor miRNA (pre-miRNA) intermediates. Although both Drosha and DGCR8 are required for Microprocessor activity, the mechanisms regulating the expression of these proteins are unknown. Here we report that the Microprocessor negatively regulates DGCR8 expression. Using in vitro reconstitution and in vivo studies, we demonstrate that a hairpin, localized in the 5' untranslated region (5'UTR) of DGCR8 mRNA, is cleaved by the Microprocessor. Accordingly, knockdown of Drosha leads to an increase in DGCR8 mRNA and protein levels in cells. Furthermore, we found that the DGCR8 5'UTR confers Microprocessor-dependent repression of a luciferase reporter gene in vivo. Our results uncover a novel feedback loop that regulates DGCR8 levels."	0
"Title: MicroRNA sponges: progress and possibilities. Abstract: The microRNA (miRNA) ""sponge"" method was introduced three years ago as a means to create continuous miRNA loss of function in cell lines and transgenic organisms. Sponge RNAs contain complementary binding sites to a miRNA of interest, and are produced from transgenes within cells. As with most miRNA target genes, a sponge's binding sites are specific to the miRNA seed region, which allows them to block a whole family of related miRNAs. This transgenic approach has proven to be a useful tool to probe miRNA functions in a variety of experimental systems. Here we will discuss the ways sponge and related constructs can be optimized and review recent applications of this method with particular emphasis on stable expression in cancer studies and in transgenic animals."	0
"Title: miR-125b targets erythropoietin and its receptor and their expression correlates with metastatic potential and ERBB2/HER2 expression. Abstract: The microRNA 125b is a double-faced gene expression regulator described both as a tumor suppressor gene (in solid tumors) and an oncogene (in hematologic malignancies). In human breast cancer, it is one of the most down-regulated miRNAs and is able to modulate ERBB2/3 expression. Here, we investigated its targets in breast cancer cell lines after miRNA-mimic transfection. We examined the interactions of the validated targets with ERBB2 oncogene and the correlation of miR-125b expression with clinical variables. Methods: MiR-125b possible targets were identified after transfecting a miRNA-mimic in MCF7 cell line and analyzing gene expression modifications with Agilent microarrays and Sylamer bioinformatic tool. Erythropoietin (EPO) and its receptor (EPOR) were validated as targets of miR-125b by luciferase assay and their expression was assessed by RT-qPCR in 42 breast cancers and 13 normal samples. The molecular talk between EPOR and ERBB2 transcripts, through miR-125b, was explored transfecting MDA-MD-453 and MDA-MB-157 with ERBB2 RNA and using RT-qPCR. Results: We identified a panel of genes down-regulated after miR-125b transfection and putative targets of miR-125b. Among them, we validated erythropoietin (EPO) and its receptor (EPOR) - frequently overexpressed in breast cancer--as true targets of miR-125b. Moreover, we explored possible correlations with clinical variables and we found a down-regulation of miR-125b in metastatic breast cancers and a significant positive correlation between EPOR and ERBB2/HER2 levels, that are both targets of miR-125b and function as competing endogenous RNAs (ceRNAs). Conclusions: Taken together our results show a mechanism for EPO/EPOR and ERBB2 co-regulation in breast cancer and confirm the importance of miR-125b in controlling clinically-relevant cancer features."	0
"Title: miR-200 Inhibits lung adenocarcinoma cell invasion and metastasis by targeting Flt1/VEGFR1. Abstract: The microRNA-200 (miR-200) family is part of a gene expression signature that predicts poor prognosis in lung cancer patients. In a mouse model of K-ras/p53-mutant lung adenocarcinoma, miR-200 levels are suppressed in metastasis-prone tumor cells, and forced miR-200 expression inhibits tumor growth and metastasis, but the miR-200 target genes that drive lung tumorigenesis have not been fully elucidated. Here, we scanned the genome for putative miR-200 binding sites and found them in the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of 35 genes that are amplified in human cancer. Mining of a database of resected human lung adenocarcinomas revealed that the levels of one of these genes, Flt1/VEGFR1, correlate inversely with duration of survival. Forced miR-200 expression suppressed Flt1 levels in metastasis-prone lung adenocarcinoma cells derived from K-ras/p53-mutant mice, and negatively regulated the Flt1 3'-UTR in reporter assays. Cancer-associated fibroblasts (CAFs) isolated from murine lung adenocarcinomas secreted abundant VEGF and enhanced tumor cell invasion in coculture studies. CAF-induced tumor cell invasion was abrogated by VEGF neutralization or Flt1 knockdown in tumor cells. Flt1 knockdown decreased the growth and metastasis of tumor cells in syngeneic mice. We conclude that miR-200 suppresses lung tumorigenesis by targeting Flt1."	0
"Title: A four-miRNA signature as a novel biomarker for predicting survival in endometrial cancer. Abstract: The microRNAs (miRNAs) have been validated as prognostic markers in many cancers. The aim of this study was to identify new miRNA prognostic biomarkers in endometrial cancer (EC) and to develop an expression-based miRNA signature to provide survival risk prediction for EC patients. Methods: From TCGA database, the miRNA datasets of EC and clinical information were downloaded in April 2018. Using univariate and multivariate Cox regression analyses identify prognostic factors. Using area under the curve (AUC) of receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve assess the sensitivity and specificity of prognostic model. Results: 530 patients were randomly divided into training set and testing set. Among 561 differentially expressed miRNAs, 4 miRNAs (miR-4758, miR-876, miR-142, miR-190b) were demonstrated to be predictive biomarkers of overall survival (OS) for EC patients in training set. Based on the risk score of 4-miRNA model, patients in the training set were divided into high-risk and low-risk groups with significantly different OS. This 4-miRNA model was validated in testing and entire set. The AUC for the ROC curves in the entire set was 0.704. Meanwhile, multivariate Cox regression combined with other traditional clinical parameters indicated that the 4-miRNA model can be used as an independent OS prognostic factor. Functional enrichment analysis revealed that these miRNAs are involved in biological processes and pathways that are closely related to cancer. Conclusion: A robust 4-miRNA signature as an independent prognostic factor for OS in EC patients was established."	0
"Title: Genome-wide identification of miR-200 targets reveals a regulatory network controlling cell invasion. Abstract: The microRNAs of the miR-200 family maintain the central characteristics of epithelia and inhibit tumor cell motility and invasiveness. Using the Ago-HITS-CLIP technology for transcriptome-wide identification of direct microRNA targets in living cells, along with extensive validation to verify the reliability of the approach, we have identified hundreds of miR-200a and miR-200b targets, providing insights into general features of miRNA target site selection. Gene ontology analysis revealed a predominant effect of miR-200 targets in widespread coordinate control of actin cytoskeleton dynamics. Functional characterization of the miR-200 targets indicates that they constitute subnetworks that underlie the ability of cancer cells to migrate and invade, including coordinate effects on Rho-ROCK signaling, invadopodia formation, MMP activity, and focal adhesions. Thus, the miR-200 family maintains the central characteristics of the epithelial phenotype by acting on numerous targets at multiple levels, encompassing both cytoskeletal effectors that control actin filament organization and dynamics, and upstream signals that locally regulate the cytoskeleton to maintain cell morphology and prevent cell migration."	0
"Title: MYPT1 is targeted by miR-145 inhibiting viability, migration and invasion in 2D and 3D HeLa cultures. Abstract: The miR-143/145 cluster is down-regulated in cervical tumor cells suggesting a role in tumorigenesis including cytoskeleton remodeling, a key event for tumor progression. The aim of the present work was to determine the role of miR-143/145 in the modulation of the myosin regulator phospho-myosin light chain (pMLC). HeLa monolayer and tridimensional cultures were transfected with miR-143 or miR-145 mimics inhibiting cell viability, proliferation, migration and invasion, mainly through miR-145. MiR-145 transfection increased pMLC levels by targeting the MYPT1 subunit of the regulatory myosin phosphatase. MYPT1 knockdown by siRNAs reproduced miR-145 effects suggesting miR-145 as a tumor suppressor through MYPT1 targeting, leading to a subsequent increase of pMLC levels with implications for cervical cell viability, migration and invasion."	0
"Title: The miR-17-92 microRNA cluster regulates multiple components of the TGF-? pathway in neuroblastoma. Abstract: The miR-17-92 microRNA cluster is often activated in cancer cells, but the identity of its targets remains elusive. Using SILAC and quantitative mass spectrometry, we examined the effects of activation of the miR-17-92 cluster on global protein expression in neuroblastoma (NB) cells. Our results reveal cooperation between individual miR-17-92 miRNAs and implicate miR-17-92 in multiple hallmarks of cancer, including proliferation and cell adhesion. Most importantly, we show that miR-17-92 is a potent inhibitor of TGF-? signaling. By functioning both upstream and downstream of pSMAD2, miR-17-92 activation triggers downregulation of multiple key effectors along the TGF-? signaling cascade as well as direct inhibition of TGF-?-responsive genes."	0
"Title: miRBase: microRNA sequences, targets and gene nomenclature. Abstract: The miRBase database aims to provide integrated interfaces to comprehensive microRNA sequence data, annotation and predicted gene targets. miRBase takes over functionality from the microRNA Registry and fulfils three main roles: the miRBase Registry acts as an independent arbiter of microRNA gene nomenclature, assigning names prior to publication of novel miRNA sequences. miRBase Sequences is the primary online repository for miRNA sequence data and annotation. miRBase Targets is a comprehensive new database of predicted miRNA target genes. miRBase is available at http://microrna.sanger.ac.uk/."	0
"Title: Dicer1 imparts essential survival cues in Notch-driven T-ALL via miR-21-mediated tumor suppressor Pdcd4 repression. Abstract: The modulatory function of individual microRNAs (miRNAs) in Notch-driven T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemias (T-ALLs) has recently been established. Although protumorigenic and tumor-suppressive miRNAs are implicated in disease onset in murine models of Notch-driven T-cell leukemia, whether Dicer1-processed miRNAs are essential for Notch-driven T-ALL is currently unknown. Here we used conditional and inducible genetic loss-of-function approaches to test whether the development and maintenance of Notch-driven T-ALL was dependent on Dicer1 function. Mice with specific inactivation of both Dicer1 alleles in the T-cell lineage did not develop Notch-driven T-ALL. In contrast, loss of 1 functional Dicer1 allele did not significantly perturb T-ALL onset and tumor progression. Inducible inactivation of Dicer1 in early stage polyclonal T-ALL cells was sufficient to abrogate T-ALL progression in leukemic mice, whereas late-stage monoclonal T-ALL cells were counterselected against loss of Dicer1. Lineage-tracing experiments revealed that Dicer1 deficiency led to the induction of apoptosis in T-ALL cells, whereas cell cycle progression remained unaltered. Through microarray-based miRNA profiling, we identified miR-21 as a previously unrecognized miRNA deregulated in both mouse and human T-ALL. Herein, we demonstrate that miR-21 regulates T-ALL cell survival via repression of the tumor suppressor Pdcd4."	0
"Title: Molecular regulation of ovarian cancer cell invasion. Abstract: The molecular mechanism underlying ovarian cancer invasiveness and metastasis remains unclear. Since significant downregulation in microRNA 200 (miRNA200) family (miR200a, miR200b, and miR200c) has been reported in the invasive ovarian cancer cells, here, we used two human ovarian cancer cell lines, OVCAR3 and SKOV3, to study the molecular basis of miR200, matrix metalloproteinase 3 (MMP3) activation, and cancer invasiveness. We found that overexpression of either miR200 family member in OVCAR3 or SKOV3 cells significantly inhibited production and secretion of MMP3 and cancer invasiveness. Moreover, forced MMP3 expression abolished miR200-induced inhibition of ovarian cancer cell invasiveness, suggesting that miR200 family inhibited ovarian cell invasiveness via downregulating MMP3. Furthermore, ZEB1, a major target of miR200, was inhibited by miR200 overexpression. Forced ZEB1 expression abolished miR200-induced inhibition of ovarian cancer cell invasiveness, suggesting that ZEB1 is a direct target of miR200 for inhibiting ovarian cell invasiveness. Finally, phosphorylated SMAD3 (pSMAD3), a major partner of ZEB1, was efficiently inhibited by miR200, which could be restored by forced expression of ZEB1, but not by forced expression of MMP3, suggesting that ZEB1/pSMAD3 is signaling cascade upstream of MMP3 in this model. Taken together, our data suggest that miR200 family inhibited ovarian cancer cell invasiveness and metastasis by downregulating MMP3, possibly through ZEB1/pSMAD3."	0
"Title: HIF-inducible miR-191 promotes migration in breast cancer through complex regulation of TGF?-signaling in hypoxic microenvironment. Abstract: The molecular mechanisms of hypoxia induced breast cell migration remain incompletely understood. Our results show that hypoxia through hypoxia-inducible factor (HIF) brings about a time-dependent increase in the level of an oncogenic microRNA, miR-191 in various breast cancer cell lines. miR-191 enhances breast cancer aggressiveness by promoting cell proliferation, migration and survival under hypoxia. We further established that miR-191 is a critical regulator of transforming growth factor beta (TGF?)-signaling and promotes cell migration by inducing TGF?2 expression under hypoxia through direct binding and indirectly by regulating levels of a RNA binding protein, human antigen R (HuR). The levels of several TGF? pathway genes (like VEGFA, SMAD3, CTGF and BMP4) were found to be higher in miR-191 overexpressing cells. Lastly, anti-miR-191 treatment given to breast tumor spheroids led to drastic reduction in spheroid tumor volume. This stands as a first report of identification of a microRNA mediator that links hypoxia and the TGF? signaling pathways, both of which are involved in regulation of breast cancer metastasis. Together, our results show a critical role of miR-191 in hypoxia-induced cancer progression and suggest that miR-191 inhibition may offer a novel therapy for hypoxic breast tumors."	0
"Title: Annexin-1 interacts with NEMO and RIP1 to constitutively activate IKK complex and NF-?B: implication in breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: The molecular mechanisms underlying constitutive nuclear factor-?B (NF-?B) activation in solid tumors has not been elucidated. We show that Annexin-1 (ANXA1) is involved in this process, and suppression of ANXA1 in highly metastatic breast cancer cells impedes migration and metastasis capabilities in vitro and in vivo. ANXA1 expression correlates with NF-?B activity, suggesting that ANXA1 may be required for the constitutive activity of I?B kinase (IKK) and NF-?B in highly metatstatic breast cancer. Gel-filtration analysis demonstrated that ANXA1 co-elutes with the members of the IKK complex and NF-?B signaling pathway, and immunoprecipitation confirmed that ANXA1 can bind to and interact with IKK? or NEMO, but not IKK? or IKK?. Importantly, silencing of ANXA1 prevents the interaction of NEMO and RIP1, which indicates that ANXA1 is required for the recruitment of RIP1 to the IKK complex, which may be important for the activation of NF-?B. Downstream targets of NF-?B include uPA and CXCR4, which can be modulated by ANXA1 silencing. CXCR4-mediated migration of breast cancer cell lines in response to CXCL12 was significantly modulated by ANXA1, indicating its importance in the tissue-specific migration of breast cancer cells. Chromatin immunoprecipitation experiments confirmed that in ANXA1 overexpressed cells, NF-?B was recruited to CXCR4 promoter without external stimulation, indicating that ANXA1 is critical for the constitutive activation of NF-?B in breast cancer to promote metastasis. Finally, we show that ANXA1 overexpression enhances metastasis and reduces survival in an intracardiac metastasis model, while ANXA1-deficient mice crossed with MMTV-PyMT mice display significantly less metastasis than their heterozygous littermates, indicating that ANXA1 is an important gene in breast cancer metastasis. Our data reveal that ANXA1 can constitutively activate NF-?B in breast cancer cells through the interaction with the IKK complex, and suggests that modulating ANXA1 levels has therapeutic potential to suppress breast cancer metastasis."	0
"Title: An essential E box in the promoter of the gene encoding the mRNA cap-binding protein (eukaryotic initiation factor 4E) is a target for activation by c-myc. Abstract: The mRNA cap-binding protein (eukaryotic initiation factor 4E [eIF4E]) binds the m7 GpppN cap on mRNA, thereby initiating translation. eIF4E is essential and rate limiting for protein synthesis. Overexpression of eIF4E transforms cells, and mutations in eIF4E arrest cells in G, in cdc33 mutants. In this work, we identified the promoter region of the gene encoding eIF4E, because we previously identified eIF4E as a potential myc-regulated gene. In support of our previous data, a minimal, functional, 403-nucleotide promoter region of eIF4E was found to contain CACGTG E box repeats, and this core eIF4E promoter was myc responsive in cotransfections with c-myc. A direct role for myc in activating the eIF4E promoter was demonstrated by cotransfections with two dominant negative mutants of c-myc (MycdeltaTAD and MycdeltaBR) which equally suppressed promoter function. Furthermore, electrophoretic mobility shift assays demonstrated quantitative binding to the E box motifs that correlated with myc levels in the electrophoretic mobility shift assay extracts; supershift assays demonstrated max and USF binding to the same motif. cis mutations in the core or flank of the eIF4E E box simultaneously altered myc-max and USF binding and inactivated the promoter. Indeed, mutations of this E box inactivated the promoter in all cells tested, suggesting it is essential for expression of eIF4E. Furthermore, the GGCCACGTG(A/T)C(C/G) sequence is shared with other in vivo targets for c-myc, but unlike other targets, it is located in the immediate promoter region. Its critical function in the eIF4E promoter coupled with the known functional significance of eIF4E in growth regulation makes it a particularly interesting target for c-myc regulation."	0
"Title: Evolution of the human MUC1 oncoprotein. Abstract: The mucin (MUC) family consists of secreted and membrane-bound forms. The transmembrane mucin 1 (MUC1) is a heterodimer that is aberrantly overexpressed by diverse human carcinomas and certain hematologic malignancies. The MUC1 N-terminal (MUC1-N) and C-terminal (MUC1-C) subunits are generated by autocleavage within a SEA domain. The MUC1 cytoplasmic domain (MUC1-CD) located downstream of the SEA domain is sufficient for the induction of anchorage-independent growth and tumorigenicity; however, no information is available regarding the origin of these transforming sequences. Previous work demonstrated that, except for the SEA domain, MUC1 has no sequence homology with other membrane-bound mucins. The present results demonstrate that MUC1-CD evolved from repeat regions in the MUC5B secreted mucin. We also show that MUC1 sequences upstream to the SEA domain emerged from MUC5B. These findings indicate that both the MUC1-N and MUC1-C subunits evolved from secreted gel-forming mucins and that the MUC1-CD oncogenic function emerged by diversification after evolution from MUC5B."	0
"Title: MUC1-induced transcriptional programs associated with tumorigenesis predict outcome in breast and lung cancer. Abstract: The Mucin 1 (MUC1) oncoprotein is aberrantly overexpressed in diverse human malignancies including breast and lung cancer. Although MUC1 modulates the activity of several transcription factors, there is no information regarding the effects of MUC1 on global gene expression patterns and the potential role of MUC1-induced genes in predicting outcome for cancer patients. We have developed an experimental model of MUC1-induced transformation that has identified the activation of gene families involved in oncogenesis, angiogenesis, and extracellular matrix remodeling. A set of experimentally derived MUC1-induced genes associated with tumorigenesis was applied to the analysis of breast and lung adenocarcinoma cancer databases. A 35-gene MUC1-induced tumorigenesis signature predicts significant decreases in both disease-free and overall survival in patients with breast (n=295) and lung (n=442) cancers. The data show that the MUC1 oncoprotein contributes to the regulation of genes that are highly predictive of clinical outcome in breast and lung cancer patients."	0
"Title: Direct targeting of SUZ12/ROCK2 by miR-200b/c inhibits cholangiocarcinoma tumourigenesis and metastasis. Abstract: The multidrug resistance and distant metastasis of cholangiocarcinoma result in high postoperative recurrence and low long-term survival rates. It has been demonstrated that the ectopic expression of miR-200 suppresses the multidrug resistance and metastasis of cancer. However, the expression and function of miR-200 in cholangiocarcinoma has not yet been described. Methods: In this study, we identified dysregulated microRNAs (miRNAs, miR) in cholangiocarcinoma tissue by microarray analysis, and subsequent real-time PCR and northern blot analyses validated the expression of candidate miR. We performed functional analyses and investigated the relationship between miR-200b/c expression and the properties of cholangiocarcinoma cells. A dual luciferase assay was applied to examine the effect of miRNAs on the 3'-UTR of target genes, and we demonstrated the function of the target gene by siRNA transfection identifying the downstream pathway via western blotting. Results: We found significantly downregulated expression of four miR-200 family members (miR-200a/b/c/429) and then confirmed that ectopic miR-200b/200c inhibits the migration and invasion of cholangiocarcinoma cells both in vitro and in vivo. We found that miR-200b/c influenced the tumourigenesis of cholangiocarcinoma cells including their tumour-initiating capacity, sphere formation, and drug resistance. We further found that miR-200b/c regulated migration and invasion capacities by directly targeting rho-kinase 2 and regulated tumorigenic properties by directly targeting SUZ12 (a subunit of a polycomb repressor complex). Conclusion: Our study shows that miR-200b/c has a critical role in the regulation of the tumorigenic and metastatic capacity of cholangiocarcinoma and reveals the probable underlying mechanisms."	0
"Title: No-nonsense functions for long noncoding RNAs. Abstract: The mysterious secrets of long noncoding RNAs, often referred to as the Dark Matter of the genome, are gradually coming to light. Several recent papers dig deep to reveal surprisingly complex and diverse functions of these enigmatic molecules."	0
"Title: A short hairpin DNA analogous to miR-125b inhibits C-Raf expression, proliferation, and survival of breast cancer cells. Abstract: The noncoding RNA miR-125b has been described to reduce ErbB2 protein expression as well as proliferation and migration of cancer cell lines. As additional target of miR-125b, we identified the c-raf-1 mRNA by sequence analysis. We designed a short hairpin-looped oligodeoxynucleotide (ODN) targeted to the same 3' untranslated region of c-raf-1 mRNA as miR-125b. The fully complementary ODN antisense strand is linked to a second strand constituting a partially double-stranded structure of the ODN. Transfection of the c-raf-1-specific ODN (ODN-Raf) in a breast cancer cell line reduced the protein levels of C-Raf, ErbB2, and their downstream effector cyclin D1 similar to miR-125b. MiR-125b as well as ODN-Raf showed no effect on the c-raf-1 mRNA level in contrast to small interfering RNA. Unlike miR-125b, ODN-Raf induced a cytopathic effect. This may be explained by the structural properties of ODN-Raf, which can form G-tetrads. Thus, the short hairpin-looped ODN-Raf, targeting the same region of c-raf-1 as miR-125b, is a multifunctional molecule reducing the expression of oncoproteins and stimulating cell death. Both features may be useful to interfere with tumor growth."	0
"Title: Nanocarriers for microRNA delivery in cancer medicine. Abstract: The number of deaths caused by cancer is expected to increase partly due to the lack of selectivity and undesirable systemic effects of current treatments. Advances in the understanding of microRNA (miRNA) functions and the ideal properties of nanosystems have brought increasing attention to the application of nanomedicine to cancer therapy. This review covers the different miRNA therapeutic strategies and delivery challenges for its application in cancer medicine. Current trends in inorganic, polymeric and lipid nanocarrier development for miRNA replacement or inhibition are summarized. To achieve clinical success, in-depth knowledge of the effects of the promotion or inhibition of specific miRNAs is required. To establish the dose and the length of treatment, it will be necessary to study the duration of gene silencing. Additionally, efforts should be made to develop specifically targeted delivery systems to cancer cells to reduce doses and unwanted effects. In the near future, the combination of miRNAs with other therapeutic approaches is likely to play an important role in addressing the heterogeneity of cancer."	0
"Title: Identification of novel molecular targets for endometrial cancer using a drill-down LC-MS/MS approach with iTRAQ. Abstract: The number of patients with endometrial carcinoma (EmCa) with advanced stage or high histological grade is increasing and prognosis has not improved for over the last decade. There is an urgent need for the discovery of novel molecular targets for diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of EmCa, which will have the potential to improve the clinical strategy and outcome of this disease. Methodology and results: We used a ""drill-down"" proteomics approach to facilitate the identification of novel molecular targets for diagnosis, prognosis and/or therapeutic intervention for EmCa. Based on peptide ions identified and their retention times in the first LC-MS/MS analysis, an exclusion list was generated for subsequent iterations. A total of 1529 proteins have been identified below the Proteinpilot® 5% error threshold from the seven sets of iTRAQ experiments performed. On average, the second iteration added 78% new peptides to those identified after the first run, while the third iteration added 36% additional peptides. Of the 1529 proteins identified, only 40 satisfied our criteria for significant differential expression in EmCa in comparison to normal proliferative tissues. These proteins included metabolic enzymes (pyruvate kinase M2 and lactate dehydrogenase A); calcium binding proteins (S100A6, calcyphosine and calumenin), and proteins involved in regulating inflammation, proliferation and invasion (annexin A1, interleukin enhancer-binding factor 3, alpha-1-antitrypsin, macrophage capping protein and cathepsin B). Network analyses revealed regulation of these molecular targets by c-myc, Her2/neu and TNF alpha, suggesting intervention with these pathways may be a promising strategy for the development of novel molecular targeted therapies for EmCa. Conclusions: Our analyses revealed the significance of drill-down proteomics approach in combination with iTRAQ to overcome some of the limitations of current proteomics strategies. This study led to the identification of a number of novel molecular targets having therapeutic potential for targeted molecular therapies for endometrial carcinoma."	0
"Title: Increased circulating microRNA-155 as a potential biomarker for breast cancer screening: a meta-analysis. Abstract: The objective of this meta-analysis was to determine the diagnostic accuracy of circulating microRNA-155 (miR-155) for breast cancer (BC). PubMed, Embase, EBSCO (ASP/BSP), Cochrane Library and China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) were searched up to 30 January 2014 for eligible studies. Quality Assessment of Diagnostic Accuracy Studies (QUADAS) was employed to assess the quality of the included studies. Meta-analysis were performed in Meta-Disc 1.4 and Stata 12.0. Three studies with total 184 BC patients and 75 control individuals were included in this meta-analysis. All of the included studies are of high quality (QUADAS scores 12 or 13). The summary estimates revealed that the pooled sensitivity is 79% (95% confidence interval (CI): 72%-84%) and the specificity is 85% (95% CI: 75%-92%), for the diagnosis of breast cancer. In addition, the area under the summary ROC curve (AUC) is 0.9217. The current evidence suggests that circulating miR-155 has the potential diagnostic value with a high sensitivity and specificity for BC. More prospective studies on the diagnostic value of circulating miR-155 for BC are needed in the future."	0
"Title: Serum miR-21 as a diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in colorectal cancer. Abstract: The oncogenic microRNAs (miRNAs) miR-21 and miR-31 negatively regulate tumor-suppressor genes. Their potential as serum biomarkers has not been determined in human colorectal cancer (CRC). Methods: To determine whether miR-21 and miR-31 are secretory miRNAs, we screened expression in medium from 2 CRC cell lines, which was followed by serum analysis from 12 CRC patients and 12 control subjects. We validated expression of candidate miRNAs in serum samples from an independent cohort of 186 CRC patients, 60 postoperative patients, 43 advanced adenoma patients, and 53 control subjects. We analyzed miR-21 expression in 166 matched primary CRC tissues to determine whether serum miRNAs reflect expression in CRC. Patient survival analyses were performed by Kaplan-Meier analyses and Cox regression models. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results: Although miR-21 was secreted from CRC cell lines and upregulated in serum of CRC patients, no statistically significant differences were observed in serum miR-31 expression between CRC patients and control subjects. In the validation cohort, miR-21 levels were statistically significantly elevated in preoperative serum from patients with adenomas (P < .001) and CRCs (P < .001). Importantly, miR-21 expression dropped in postoperative serum from patients who underwent curative surgery (P < .001). Serum miR-21 levels robustly distinguished adenoma (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.813; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.691 to 0.910) and CRC (AUC = 0.919; 95% CI = 0.867 to 0.958) patients from control subjects. High miR-21 expression in serum and tissue was statistically significantly associated with tumor size, distant metastasis, and poor survival. Moreover, serum miR-21 was an independent prognostic marker for CRC (hazard ratio = 4.12; 95% CI = 1.10 to 15.4; P = .03). Conclusions: Serum miR-21 is a promising biomarker for the early detection and prognosis of CRC."	0
"Title: Let-7: a regulator of the ER? signaling pathway in human breast tumors and breast cancer stem cells. Abstract: The oncogenic role of estrogen receptor (ER)? and its correlation with let-7 microRNAs (miRNAs) have been studied and confirmed in breast tumors; however, this correlation has not been investigated in breast cancer stem cells (BCSCs). In the present study, we detected the expression of let-7 and ER? in ER-positive breast tumor tissues. Furthermore, we used a FACSAria cell sorter to separate side population (SP) cells from the MCF-7 and T47-D cell lines by Hoechst 33342 staining. The expression of let-7 miRNAs, ER? and its downstream genes in SP and non-SP (NSP) cells were analyzed. In additional experiments, we transfected a plasmid expressing let-7a into SP cells isolated from the MCF-7 and T47-D cell lines in order to observe changes in the expression of downstream genes (cyclin D1 and pS2). The correlation among let-7, ER? and ER? downstream genes suggested that let-7 acts as a tumor suppressor by inhibiting ER?-mediated cellular malignant growth in ER-positive breast cancer stem cells. The suppression of ER? by the upregulation of let-7 expression may be a promising strategy for the inhibition of the ER signaling pathway and for the elimination of cancer stem cells, thus aiding in the treatment of breast cancer."	0
"Title: The Prognostic and Predictive Value of Melanoma-related MicroRNAs Using Tissue and Serum: A MicroRNA Expression Analysis. Abstract: The overall 5-year survival for melanoma is 91%. However, if distant metastasis occurs (stage IV), cure rates are < 15%. Hence, melanoma detection in earlier stages (stages I-III) maximises the chances of patient survival. We measured the expression of a panel of 17 microRNAs (miRNAs) (MELmiR-17) in melanoma tissues (stage III; n = 76 and IV; n = 10) and serum samples (collected from controls with no melanoma, n = 130; and patients with melanoma (stages I/II, n = 86; III, n = 50; and IV, n = 119)) obtained from biobanks in Australia and Germany. In melanoma tissues, members of the 'MELmiR-17' panel were found to be predictors of stage, recurrence, and survival. Additionally, in a minimally-invasive blood test, a seven-miRNA panel (MELmiR-7) detected the presence of melanoma (relative to controls) with high sensitivity (93%) and specificity (? 82%) when ? 4 miRNAs were expressed. Moreover, the 'MELmiR-7' panel characterised overall survival of melanoma patients better than both serum LDH and S100B (delta log likelihood = 11, p < 0.001). This panel was found to be superior to currently used serological markers for melanoma progression, recurrence, and survival; and would be ideally suited to monitor tumour progression in patients diagnosed with early metastatic disease (stages IIIa-c/IV M1a-b) to detect relapse following surgical or adjuvant treatment."	0
"Title: A decade of exploring the cancer epigenome - biological and translational implications. Abstract: The past decade has highlighted the central role of epigenetic processes in cancer causation, progression and treatment. Next-generation sequencing is providing a window for visualizing the human epigenome and how it is altered in cancer. This view provides many surprises, including linking epigenetic abnormalities to mutations in genes that control DNA methylation, the packaging and the function of DNA in chromatin, and metabolism. Epigenetic alterations are leading candidates for the development of specific markers for cancer detection, diagnosis and prognosis. The enzymatic processes that control the epigenome present new opportunities for deriving therapeutic strategies designed to reverse transcriptional abnormalities that are inherent to the cancer epigenome."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-494 promotes cervical cancer proliferation through the regulation of PTEN. Abstract: The phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K)/Akt signaling pathway appears to be a key regulator in cervical carcinogenesis. The phosphatase and tensin homolog deleted on chromosome 10 (PTEN) protein is principally involved in the homeostatic maintenance of PI3K/Akt signaling and PTEN has been identified to play an important role in the occurrence and development of cervical cancer. MicroRNA (miRNA)-494 has been proven to be involved in the carcinogenesis and development of various types of cancer by directly targeting PTEN. However the role, mechanism and clinical significance of miR-494 in cervical cancer have not been further reported. In the present study, we analyzed the expression of miR-494 in -with PTEN expression and clinicopathological data of cervical cancer patients. The results showed that miR-494 expression was significantly upregulated in human cervical cancer cell lines and tissues. miR-494 upregulation was significantly associated with PTEN downregulation, adverse clinicopathological characteristics, poor overall and progression-free survival and poor prognosis. In vitro experiments showed that inhibition of miR-494 suppressed cell proliferation and growth by directly targeting the 3'-untranslated region (3'-UTR) of PTEN mRNA. These findings identified a novel molecular mechanism involved in the regulation of PTEN expression and cervical cancer progression. Results of the present study indicated that miR-494 may have an essential role in the carcinogenesis and progression of cervical cancer and targeting miR-494 may be a promising therapeutic strategy for the treatment of cervical cancer."	0
"Title: miwi, a murine homolog of piwi, encodes a cytoplasmic protein essential for spermatogenesis. Abstract: The piwi family genes are crucial for stem cell self-renewal, RNA silencing, and translational regulation in diverse organisms. However, their function in mammals remains unexplored. Here we report the cloning of a murine piwi gene (miwi) essential for spermatogenesis. miwi encodes a cytoplasmic protein specifically expressed in spermatocytes and spermatids. miwi(null) mice display spermatogenic arrest at the beginning of the round spermatid stage, resembling the phenotype of CREM, a master regulator of spermiogenesis. Furthermore, mRNAs of ACT (activator of CREM in testis) and CREM target genes are downregulated in miwi(null) testes. Whereas MIWI and CREM do not regulate each other's expression, MIWI complexes with mRNAs of ACT and CREM target genes. Hence, MIWI may control spermiogenesis by regulating the stability of these mRNAs."	0
"Title: Mili, a mammalian member of piwi family gene, is essential for spermatogenesis. Abstract: The piwi family genes, which are defined by conserved PAZ and Piwi domains, play important roles in stem cell self-renewal, RNA silencing, and translational regulation in various organisms. To reveal the function of the mammalian homolog of piwi, we produced and analyzed mice with targeted mutations in the Mili gene, which is one of three mouse homologs of piwi. Spermatogenesis in the MILI-null mice was blocked completely at the early prophase of the first meiosis, from the zygotene to early pachytene, and the mice were sterile. However, primordial germ cell development and female germ cell production were not disturbed. Furthermore, MILI bound to MVH, which is an essential factor during the early spermatocyte stage. The similarities in the phenotypes of the MILI- and MVH-deficient mice and in the physical binding properties of MILI and MVH indicate a functional association of these proteins in post-transcriptional regulation. These data indicate that MILI is essential for the differentiation of spermatocytes."	0
"Title: Piwi and piRNAs act upstream of an endogenous siRNA pathway to suppress Tc3 transposon mobility in the Caenorhabditis elegans germline. Abstract: The Piwi proteins of the Argonaute superfamily are required for normal germline development in Drosophila, zebrafish, and mice and associate with 24-30 nucleotide RNAs termed piRNAs. We identify a class of 21 nucleotide RNAs, previously named 21U-RNAs, as the piRNAs of C. elegans. Piwi and piRNA expression is restricted to the male and female germline and independent of many proteins in other small-RNA pathways, including DCR-1. We show that Piwi is specifically required to silence Tc3, but not other Tc/mariner DNA transposons. Tc3 excision rates in the germline are increased at least 100-fold in piwi mutants as compared to wild-type. We find no evidence for a Ping-Pong model for piRNA amplification in C. elegans. Instead, we demonstrate that Piwi acts upstream of an endogenous siRNA pathway in Tc3 silencing. These data might suggest a link between piRNA and siRNA function."	0
"Title: piRNA-triggered MIWI ubiquitination and removal by APC/C in late spermatogenesis. Abstract: The PIWI/PIWI-interacting RNA (piRNA) machinery has been well documented to maintain genome integrity by silencing transposons in animal germ cells. Recent studies have advanced our understanding of the biogenesis and function of this machinery; however, its metabolism has remained largely unexplored. Here, we show that murine PIWI (MIWI) is degraded through the APC/C-26S proteasome pathway and that piRNAs play an indispensable role in this process by enhancing MIWI interaction with an APC/C substrate-binding subunit. Interestingly, piRNA-triggered MIWI destruction occurs in late spermatids, which in turn leads to piRNA elimination, suggesting a feedforward mechanism for coordinated removal of the MIWI/piRNA machinery at a specific developmental stage. Importantly, the proper removal of MIWI/piRNA is essential for sperm maturation. Together, our results reveal a role for piRNAs in regulating the clearance of the MIWI/piRNA machinery via the ubiquitin-proteosome pathway and demonstrate the critical importance of proper temporal regulation of MIWI/piRNA in male germ cell development."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-221 mediates the effects of PDGF-BB on migration, proliferation, and the epithelial-mesenchymal transition in pancreatic cancer cells. Abstract: The platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) signaling pathway has been found to play important roles in the development and progression of human cancers by regulating the processes of cell proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion, metastasis, and the acquisition of the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) phenotype. Moreover, PDGF signaling has also been found to alter the expression profile of miRNAs, leading to the reversal of EMT phenotype. Although the role of miRNAs in cancer has been documented, there are very few studies documenting the cellular consequences of targeted re-expression of specific miRNAs. Therefore, we investigated whether the treatment of human pancreatic cancer cells with PDGF could alter the expression profile of miRNAs, and we also assessed the cellular consequences. Our study demonstrates that miR-221 is essential for the PDGF-mediated EMT phenotype, migration, and growth of pancreatic cancer cells. Down-regulation of TRPS1 by miR-221 is critical for PDGF-mediated acquisition of the EMT phenotype. Additionally, the PDGF-dependent increase in cell proliferation appears to be mediated by inhibition of a specific target of miR-221 and down-regulation of p27Kip1."	0
"Title: Metastasis signatures: genes regulating tumor-microenvironment interactions predict metastatic behavior. Abstract: The possibility of predicting clinical outcome of cancer patients through the analysis of gene expression profiles in the primary tumor is a kind of ideological revolution as the multistep carcinogenesis model postulates that the proportion of cells within the primary tumor that actually acquire metastasis driving mutation(s) is small; too small to leave its imprint on the gene expression profile. The data collected to date have brought a new paradigm to reality in the metastasis field: metastasis must at least in part rely on mutations and/or gene regulation events present in the majority of cells which constitute the primary tumor mass. By analyses of differential expression of primary tumors versus metastases or by functional analyses of putative metastasis genes in experimental metastasis, many metastasis-associated gene expression events have been identified that correlate with the development of metastases. Among genes ""favoring"" metastasis, we find many molecules that are expressed not by the tumor cell itself but by the cells of the microenvironment, as well as genes over-expressed in the primary tumor that have a principle role in mediating tumor-host interactions. Here we review these concepts and advance hypotheses on how gene expression of the primary tumor and the microenvironment can favor the spread of the metastasis seeds and how this knowledge can provide tools to secondary prevention."	0
"Title: Regulatory roles of miRNA-758 and matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein in cervical cancer. Abstract: The present study aimed to examine the role and underlying mechanism of miRNA-758 (miR-758) expression in cancer tissues, blood and cervical exfoliated cells from patients with cervical cancer. A total of 49 patients with cervical cancer and 26 healthy people for cervical cancer screening were included in the present study. The patients with cervical cancer were treated with resection, and the tumor and adjacent tissues, blood and cervical exfoliated cells were collected. The expression levels of miR-758 and matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein (MEPE) mRNA in each sample were detected by reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. In addition, western blot analysis was used to detect the MEPE protein in tumor tissues, while ELISA was applied to detect the MEPE protein expression in the blood and cervical exfoliated cells. Compared with the normal control, MEPE mRNA expression was upregulated in cervical cancer tissues, blood and cervical exfoliated cells. At the protein level, MEPE was also upregulated significantly in patients with cervical cancer. miR-758 expression was decreased significantly in cervical cancer tissues, blood and cervical exfoliated cells (P<0.05), which was opposite to the trend observed for MEPE mRNA expression. Furthermore, MEPE expression was increased in the tumor tissue, blood and cervical exfoliated cells of cervical cancer patients, which was associated to the downregulated miR-758. Therefore, miR-758 may regulate the infiltration and invasion of cervical cancer by targeting MEPE."	0
"Title: Correlation analysis on the expression levels of microRNA-23a and microRNA-23b and the incidence and prognosis of ovarian cancer. Abstract: The present study aimed to investigate the expression levels of microRNA (miR)-23a and miR-23b in the tumor tissues of patients with ovarian cancer. The study also explored the correlation of miR-23a and miR-23b expression levels in the tumor tissues with the clinic-pathological parameters and prognosis of the patients. Specimens of frozen tumor tissues and normal tissues adjacent to the tumor were collected from 50 patients with ovarian cancer. Reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction was adopted to detect the expression levels of miR-23a and miR-23b in tumor tissues. Furthermore, normal tissues adjacent to the tumor were utilized as the control for the experiments and Pearson method was used to analyze the correlation between miR-23a and miR-23b expression levels in tumor tissues. The correlation of miR-23a and miR-23 expression in tumor tissues and the prognosis of the patients with ovarian cancer was analyzed in combination with clinical data. The expression of miR-23a in the tissues of ovarian cancer was significantly higher in comparison with normal adjacent tissues. However, the expression of miR-23b in the tissues of ovarian cancer was significantly lower when compared with adjacent normal tissues. Notably, the expression of miR-23a was negatively correlated with that of miR-23b in tumor tissues of ovarian cancer. The high expression of miR-23a and the low expression of miR-23b in tumor tissues of the patients was correlated with the degree of tumor differentiation, metastasis of lymph nodes and clinical staging. The five-year overall survival rate of the patients was 36% (18/50). Univariate survival analysis indicated that miR-23a and miR-23b were the factors influencing the overall survival rate of ovarian cancer. The present findings suggest that high expression of miR-23a and the low expression of miR-23b are closely correlated with the occurrence and development of ovarian cancer. The abnormal expression of the miR-23a and miR-23b could be utilized as potential prognostic molecular markers of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: A PEGylated dendritic nanoparticulate carrier of fluorouracil. Abstract: The present study was aimed at developing and exploring the use of uncoated and PEGylated newer PAMAM dendrimers for delivery of anti-cancer drug 5-fluorouracil. For this study, successive Michael addition and exhaustive amidation reactions were used to synthesize 4.0 G PAMAM dendrimers, using ethylenediamine as core and methylmethacrylate as propagating agent. The dendrimer was PEGylated using N-hydroxysuccinimide-activated carboxymethyl MPEG-5000. IR and NMR data proved the synthesis. Various physicochemical parameters, SEM, TEM, lambda(max) values, hemolytic toxicity, drug entrapment, drug release and blood-level studies of both PEGylated and non-PEGylated systems were determined and compared. The PEGylation of the systems was found to have increased their drug-loading capacity, reduced their drug release rate and hemolytic toxicity. TEM study revealed surface properties of the systems. Stability studies had shown its stability at room temperature in dark. The systems were found suitable for prolonged delivery of an anti-cancer drug by in vitro and blood-level studies in albino rats, without producing any significant hematological disturbances. PEGylation has been found to be suitable for modification of PAMAM dendrimers for reduction of drug leakage and hemolytic toxicity. This, in turn, could improve drug-loading capacity and stabilize such systems in body. The study suggests use of such PEGylated dendrimeric systems as nanoparticulate depot type of system for drug administration."	0
"Title: miR-197-3p reduces epithelial-mesenchymal transition by targeting ABCA7 in ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: The present study was designed to explore the role of microRNA-197-3p in regulating the epithelial-mesenchymal cellular transition in ovarian cancer. The results showed that miR-197 to be significantly (P< 0.05) downregulated in human ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. Overexpression of miR-197 significantly (P< 0.05) reduced the proliferation of OVACAR-3 cancer cells. Additionally, the colony formation of the OVACAR-3 cells was inhibited by 59% relative to control. The migration and invasion of the OVACAR-3 cells was inhibited by 64% and 72%, respectively, upon miR-197 overexpression. Western blot analysis showed miR-197 was found to upregulate the expression of E-cadherin, while the expression of N-cadherin, vimentin, and snail proteins was found to decrease significantly (P< 0.05). TargetScan analysis together with dual luciferase assay revealed that miR-197 exerts its effects by targeting ABCA7 in ovarian cancer. ABCA7 was significantly (P< 0.05) overexpressed in ovarian cancer tissues and cell lines. However, silencing of ABCA7 resulted in significant inhibition of cell proliferation, migration, and invasion. Nonetheless, overexpression of ABCA7 could abolish the tumor-suppressive effects of miR-197 on the OVACAR-3 cells. Taken together, miR-197 acts a tumor-suppressive in ovarian cancer and points towards its therapeutic implications in the treatment of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Wild-type p53 suppresses the epithelial-mesenchymal transition and stemness in PC-3 prostate cancer cells by modulating miR?145. Abstract: The principal problem arising from prostate cancer (PCa) is its propensity to metastasize to bone and the mechanism(s) need to be further elucidated. The tumor suppressor p53 plays an important role in regulating the epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and cancer cell stemness, which have been proposed to play critical roles in cancer metastasis. MiR-145, a direct target of p53, represses bone metastasis of PCa and is involved in regulating EMT and cancer cell stemness. However, it is unknown whether wild?type p53 (WT-p53) plays a role in regulating invasion, EMT and cancer cell stemness of PCa cells and whether miR-145 mediates the function of WT-p53. In the present study, we found that ectopic expression of WT-p53 inhibited the migration and invasion, and enhanced the adhesion of p53-null PC-3 cells derived from PCa bone metastasis. Furthermore, WT-p53 suppressed the expression of the mesenchymal markers fibronectin, vimentin, N-cadherin, ZEB2 and upregulated the expression of the epithelial marker E-cadherin in PC-3 cells. Moreover, WT-p53 also suppressed colony formation, tumor sphere formation and expression of CSC markers and stemness factors including CD44, Oct4, c-Myc and Klf4 in PC-3 cells. Importantly, WT-p53 upregulated the expression of miR-145, and the inhibitory effects of WT-p53 on migration, invasion, EMT and stemness of PC-3 cells were reversed by anti-miR-145. Together, our findings demonstrate that WT-p53 suppresses migration, invasion, EMT and stemness in PC-3 cells at least partially through modulating miR-145. These results suggest that loss of WT-p53 may promote the bone metastasis of PCa at least partially through repressing miR-145 to elevate EMT and stemness of cancer cells."	0
"Title: Identification of miRs-143 and -145 that is associated with bone metastasis of prostate cancer and involved in the regulation of EMT. Abstract: The principal problem arising from prostate cancer (PCa) is its propensity to metastasize to bone. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) play a crucial role in many tumor metastases. The importance of miRNAs in bone metastasis of PCa has not been elucidated to date. We investigated whether the expression of certain miRNAs was associated with bone metastasis of PCa. We examined the miRNA expression profiles of 6 primary and 7 bone metastatic PCa samples by miRNA microarray analysis. The expression of 5 miRNAs significantly decreased in bone metastasis compared with primary PCa, including miRs-508-5p, -145, -143, -33a and -100. We further examined other samples of 16 primary PCa and 13 bone metastases using real-time PCR analysis. The expressions of miRs-143 and -145 were verified to down-regulate significantly in metastasis samples. By investigating relationship of the levels of miRs-143 and -145 with clinicopathological features of PCa patients, we found down-regulations of miRs-143 and -145 were negatively correlated to bone metastasis, the Gleason score and level of free PSA in primary PCa. Over-expression miR-143 and -145 by retrovirus transfection reduced the ability of migration and invasion in vitro, and tumor development and bone invasion in vivo of PC-3 cells, a human PCa cell line originated from a bone metastatic PCa specimen. Their upregulation also increased E-cadherin expression and reduced fibronectin expression of PC-3 cells which revealed a less invasive morphologic phenotype. These findings indicate that miRs-143 and -145 are associated with bone metastasis of PCa and suggest that they may play important roles in the bone metastasis and be involved in the regulation of EMT Both of them may also be clinically used as novel biomarkers in discriminating different stages of human PCa and predicting bone metastasis."	0
"Title: HEF1 promotes epithelial mesenchymal transition and bone invasion in prostate cancer under the regulation of microRNA-145. Abstract: The principal problem arising from prostate cancer (PCa) is its propensity to metastasize to bones, and it's crucial to understand the mechanism of tumor progression to metastasis in order to develop therapies that may reduce the morbidity and mortality of PCa patients. Although we had identified that microRNA(miR)-145 could repress bone metastasis of PCa via regulating epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) in previous study, it is still unknown how miR-145 regulated EMT. In the present study, we constructed a luciferase reporter system and identified HEF1 as a direct target of miR-145. More importantly, HEF1 was shown to promote migration, invasion and EMT of PC-3 cells, a human PCa cell line originated from a bone metastatic PCa specimen. And HEF1 was also shown to partially mediate miR-145 suppression of EMT and invasion. Furthermore, inhibition of HEF1 repressed bone invasion of PC-3 cells in vivo. Expression of HEF1 was negatively correlated with miR-145 in primary PCa and bone metastatic specimens, but HEF1 was higher in samples which were more likely to commit to bone metastasis or those with higher free prostate-specific antigen (fPSA) levels and Gleason scores. Taken together, these findings indicate that HEF1 promotes EMT and bone invasion in prostate cancer by directly targeted by miR-145, and miR-145 suppresses EMT and invasion, at least in part, through repressing HEF1."	0
"Title: A network of miRNAs expressed in the ovary are regulated by FSH. Abstract: The process of folliculogenesis requires a tightly regulated series of gene expression that are a pre-requisite to the development of ovarian follicle. Among these genes, follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) is notable for its dual role in development of follicles as well as proliferation and differentiation of granulosa cells. The post-transcriptional expression of these genes is under the control of microRNAs (miRNAs), a class of small, endogenous RNAs that negatively impact gene expression. This study was carried out to determine the role of several miRNAs including mir-143, let-7a, mir-125b, let-7b, let-7c, mir-21 in follicular development in the mouse. The expression of these RNAs was very low in primordial follicles but these became readily detectable in the granulosa cells of primary, secondary and antral follicles. We show that this expression of some miRNAs (mir-143, let-7a, mir-15b) is under negative control of FSH. Together, these findings suggest that FSH regulates folliculogenesis by a novel pathway of miRNAs."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-200a promotes anoikis resistance and metastasis by targeting YAP1 in human breast cancer. Abstract: The process of metastases involves the dissociation of cells from the primary tumor, penetration into the basement membrane, invasion, and exiting from the vasculature to seed and colonize distant tissues. miR-200a is involved in this multistep metastatic cascade. This study aimed to test the hypothesis that miR-200a promotes metastasis through increased anoikis resistance in breast cancer. Experimental design: Breast cancer cells transfected with mimic or inhibitor for miR-200a were assayed for anoikis in vitro. miR-200a expression was assessed by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). Luciferase assays, colony formation assays, and animal studies were conducted to identify the targets of miR-200a and the mechanism by which it promotes anoikis resistance. Results: We found that overexpression of miR-200a promotes whereas inhibition of miR-200a suppresses anoikis resistance in breast cancer cells. We identified Yes-associated protein 1 (YAP1) as a novel target of miR-200a. Our data showed that targeting of YAP1 by miR-200a resulted in decreased expression of proapoptotic proteins, which leads to anoikis resistance. Overexpression of miR-200a protected tumor cells from anoikis and promoted metastases in vivo. Furthermore, knockdown of YAP1 phenocopied the effects of miR-200a overexpression, whereas restoration of YAP1 in miR-200a overexpressed breast cancer cells reversed the effects of miR-200a on anoikis and metastasis. Remarkably, we found that YAP1 expression was inversely correlated with miR-200a expression in breast cancer clinical specimens, and miR-200a expression was associated with distant metastasis in patients with breast cancer. Conclusions: Our data suggest that miR-200a functions as anoikis suppressor and contributes to metastasis in breast cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 plays an oncogenic role by targeting FOXO1 and activating the PI3K/AKT pathway in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Abstract: The prognostic implications of miR-21, miR-17-92 and miR-155 were evaluated in diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) patients, and novel mechanism by which miR-21 contributes to the oncogenesis of DLBCL by regulating FOXO1 and PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway was investigated. The expressions of miR-21, miR-17-92 and miR-155 measured by quantitative reverse-transcription-PCR were significantly up-regulated in DLBCL tissues (n=200) compared to control tonsils (P=0.012, P=0.001 and P<0.0001). Overexpression of miR-21 and miR-17-92 was significantly associated with shorter progression-free survival (P=0.003 and P=0.014) and overall survival (P=0.004 and P=0.012). High miR-21 was an independent prognostic factor in DLBCL patients treated with rituximab-combined chemotherapy. MiR-21 level was inversely correlated with the levels of FOXO1 and PTEN in DLBCL cell lines. Reporter-gene assay showed that miR-21 directly targeted and suppressed the FOXO1 expression, and subsequently inhibited Bim transcription in DLBCL cells. MiR-21 also down-regulated PTEN expression and consequently activated the PI3K/AKT/mTOR pathway, which further decreased FOXO1 expression. Moreover, miR-21 inhibitor suppressed the expression and activity of MDR1, thereby sensitizing DLBCL cells to doxorubicin. These data demonstrated that miR-21 plays an important oncogenic role in DLBCL by modulating the PI3K/AKT/mTOR/FOXO1 pathway at multiple levels resulting in strong prognostic implication. Therefore, targeting miR-21 may have therapeutic relevance in DLBCL."	0
"Title: Driving transcriptional regulators in melanoma metastasis. Abstract: The progression of melanoma toward the metastatic phenotype occurs in a defined stepwise manner. While many molecular changes take place early in melanoma development, progression toward the malignant phenotype, most notably during the transition from the radial growth phase (RGP) to the vertical growth phase (VGP) involves deregulated expression of several transcription factors. For example, the switch from RGP to VGP is associated with the loss of the transcription factor AP2? and gain of transcriptional activity of cAMP-responsive element binding protein. Together with the upregulation of microphthalmia-associated transcription factor, activating transcription factor 2, nuclear factor kappa B, and other transcription factors, these changes lead to dysregulated expression or function of important cellular adhesion molecules, matrix degrading enzymes, survival factors, as well as other factors leading to metastatic melanoma. Additionally, recent evidence suggests that microRNAs and RNA editing machinery influence the expression of transcription factors or are regulated themselves by transcription factors. Many of the downstream signaling molecules regulated by transcription factors, such as protease activated receptor-1, interleukin-8, and MCAM/MUC18 represent new treatment prospects."	0
"Title: The c-ets-1 proto-oncogene has oncogenic activity and is positively autoregulated. Abstract: The proto-oncogene ets-1 is a member of the ets family of genes that share homology with the viral oncogene, v-ets, of the avian leukemia virus E26. By using expression vectors, we demonstrate that the ets-1 gene transforms NIH3T3 cells and the ets-1 transfected cells form colonies in soft agar and induce tumors in nude mice. We have also determined that the ets-1 protein contains homology with the helix-loop-helix motif of the HLH family proteins, but lacks the basic domain upstream of helix I. Transfection of the NIH3T3 cells with ets-1 vectors results in the activation of the endogenous ets-1 gene. Using hybridization probes that can distinguish between transcripts from endogenous and exogenous templates, we show that the endogenous ets-1 gene is activated by the expression of the transfected exogenous ets-1. In contrast, the expression of transfected ets-2 has no effect on the endogenous ets-1 gene expression. The results indicate that the ets-1 proto-oncogene is positively autoregulated by its product."	0
"Title: Identification of CDK4 as a target of c-MYC. Abstract: The prototypic oncogene c-MYC encodes a transcription factor that can drive proliferation by promoting cell-cycle reentry. However, the mechanisms through which c-MYC achieves these effects have been unclear. Using serial analysis of gene expression, we have identified the cyclin-dependent kinase 4 (CDK4) gene as a transcriptional target of c-MYC. c-MYC induced a rapid increase in CDK4 mRNA levels through four highly conserved c-MYC binding sites within the CDK4 promoter. Cell-cycle progression is delayed in c-MYC-deficient RAT1 cells, and this delay was associated with a defect in CDK4 induction. Ectopic expression of CDK4 in these cells partially alleviated the growth defect. Thus, CDK4 provides a direct link between the oncogenic effects of c-MYC and cell-cycle regulation."	0
"Title: Expression of PSCA, PIWIL1 and TBX2 and its correlation with HPV16 infection in formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded cervical squamous cell carcinoma specimens. Abstract: The purpose of our study was to investigate the expression of prostate stem cell antigen (PSCA), piwi-like 1 (PIWIL1) and T-box 2 (TBX2) and its correlation with HPV16 infection in cervical squamous cell carcinoma (CSCC). HPV16 was detected by amplifying the HPV16 E7 gene by the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method, and the expression of PSCA, PIWIL1, TBX2 and HPV16 E7 in 59 CSCCs and matched adjacent normal cervix (MANC) was examined by the streptavidin-peroxidase (SP) method. Fifty-two CSCCs and MANC specimens that were positive for the E7 gene and the E7 protein were identified as infected with HPV16 and included in present study. The rate of infection with HPV16 in CSCC was 52% (27/52), but that in matched adjacent normal cervix (MANC) samples was 4% (2/52). Infection with HPV16 was found to be statistically more frequent in CSCC (P = 0.000). The expression rates of PSCA, PIWIL1 and TBX2 in MANC were 6% (3/52), 8% (4/52) and 2% (1/52), respectively, but those in CSCC were 62% (32/52), 75% (39/52) and 52% (27/52), respectively. Higher expression rates of PSCA, PIWIL1 and TBX2 were observed in CSCC than in MANC (P = 0.000). HPV16 had a statistical positive correlation with PSCA, PIWIL1 and TBX2 in CSCC (P < 0.05). The increased expression of PSCA, PIWIL1 and TBX2 had no correlation with the patient's age or histological grade P > 0.05). The elevated expression of PSCA and PIWIL1 was associated with invasion of CSCC (P < 0.05). Up-regulated expression of TBX2 had a positive association with lymph node metastasis (P = 0.014). These findings demonstrate for the first time the expression of PSCA, PIWIL1 and TBX2 in CSCC. Their correlation with HPV16 might provide new basic information for investigating the molecular mechanism of HPV and help us to deepen our understanding of the interaction between HPV16 and host cells the carcinogenesis of CSCC."	0
"Title: Systematic analysis of metastasis-associated genes identifies miR-17-5p as a metastatic suppressor of basal-like breast cancer. Abstract: The purpose of this study is to identify metastasis-associated genes/signaling pathways in basal-like breast tumors. Kaplan-Meier analysis of two public meta-datasets and functional classification was used to identify genes/signaling pathways significantly associated with distant metastasis free survival. Integrated analysis of expression correlation and interaction between mRNAs and miRNAs was used to identify miRNAs that potentially regulate the expression of metastasis-associated genes. The novel metastatic suppressive role of miR-17-5p was examined by in vitro and in vivo experiments. Over 4,000 genes previously linked to breast tumor progression were examined, leading to identification of 61 and 69 genes significantly associated with shorter and longer DMFS intervals of patients with basal-like tumors, respectively. Functional annotation linked most of the pro-metastatic genes to epithelial mesenchymal transition (EMT) process and three intertwining EMT-driving pathways (hypoxia, TGFB and Wnt), whereas most of the anti-metastatic genes to interferon signaling pathway. Members of three miRNA families (i.e., miR-17, miR-200 and miR-96) were identified as potential regulators of the pro-metastatic genes. The novel anti-metastatic function of miR-17-5p was confirmed by in vitro and in vivo experiments. We demonstrated that miR-17-5p inhibition in breast cancer cells enhanced expression of multiple pro-metastatic genes, rendered cells metastatic properties, and accelerated lung metastasis from orthotopic xenografts. In contrast, intratumoral administration of miR-17-5p mimic significantly reduced lung metastasis. These results provide evidence supporting that EMT activation and IFN pathway inactivation are markers of metastatic progression of basal-like tumors, and members of miR-17, miR-200, and miR-96 families play a role in suppressing EMT and metastasis. The metastasis-associated genes identified in this study have potential prognostic values and functional implications, thus, can be exploited as therapeutic targets to prevent metastasis of basal-like breast tumors."	0
"Title: Differentially expressed microRNAs in the serum of cervical squamous cell carcinoma patients before and after surgery. Abstract: The purpose of this study was to detect the serum microRNAs (miRNAs) that are differentially expressed in cervical squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) patients and negative controls, with a focus on the miRNA profiles of the patients before and after surgery. The aim of the study is to evaluate the potential of these miRNAs as novel markers for the post-therapeutic monitoring of cervical SCC patients. Results: A total of 765 serum miRNAs from 10 cervical SCC patients before surgery, 10 cervical SCC patients after surgery, and 10 negative controls were profiled using a TaqMan MicroRNA Array. A set of selected differentially expressed miRNAs were further analyzed in the patients at different perioperative periods, including preoperative, 1 week postoperative, and one month postoperative. The results showed that several serum miRNAs were differentially expressed in the cervical SCC patients compared with the negative controls, including miR-646, miR-141* and miR-542-3p. More importantly, we found that levels of specific serum miRNAs were deregulated in the pre- and postoperative stages, and these miRNAs could be useful for post-therapeutic monitoring of disease progression. Finally, we depicted a regulatory network of differentially expressed serum miRNAs, and many possible target genes were predicted in the estrogen-mediated signal pathways, supporting the hypothesis that cervical SCC is a hormone-associated gynecological disease. Conclusions: Our study demonstrated that the circulating miRNAs miR-646, miR-141* and miR-542-3p could potentially serve as non-invasive biomarkers for cervical SCC. The levels of these specific miRNAs might be useful for the post-therapeutic monitoring of disease progression. This is the first report showing that circulating miRNAs could serve as biomarkers for the therapeutic intervention of cervical SCC."	0
"Title: A miRNA-tRNA mix-up: tRNA origin of proposed miRNA. Abstract: The rapid release of new data from DNA genome sequencing projects has led to a variety of misannotations in public databases. Our results suggest that next generation sequencing approaches are particularly prone to such misannotations. Two related miRNA candidates did recently enter the miRBase database, miR-1274b and miR-1274a, but they share identical 18-nucleotide stretches with tRNA (Lys3) and tRNA (Lys5) , respectively. The possibility that the small RNA fragments that led to the description of these two miRNAs originated from the two tRNAs was examined. The ratio of the miR-1274b:miR-1274a fragments does closely resemble the known tRNA lys3:lys5 ratio in the cell. Furthermore, the proposed miRNA hairpins have a very low prediction score and the proposed miRNA genes are in fact endogenous retroviral elements. We searched for other miRNA-mimics in the human genome and found more examples of tRNA-miRNA mimicry. We propose that the corresponding miRNAs should be validated in more detail, as the small RNA fragments that led to their description are likely derived from tRNA processing."	0
"Title: MicroRNA biogenesis: coordinated cropping and dicing. Abstract: The recent discovery of microRNAs (miRNAs) took many by surprise because of their unorthodox features and widespread functions. These tiny, approximately 22-nucleotide, RNAs control several pathways including developmental timing, haematopoiesis, organogenesis, apoptosis, cell proliferation and possibly even tumorigenesis. Among the most pressing questions regarding this unusual class of regulatory miRNA-encoding genes is how miRNAs are produced in cells and how the genes themselves are controlled by various regulatory networks."	0
"Title: Exploring polyethylenimine-mediated DNA transfection and the proton sponge hypothesis. Abstract: The relatively high transfection efficiency of polyethylenimine (PEI) vectors has been hypothesized to be due to their ability to avoid trafficking to degradative lysosomes. According to the proton sponge hypothesis, the buffering capacity of PEI leads to osmotic swelling and rupture of endosomes, resulting in the release of the vector into the cytoplasm. Methods: The mechanism of PEI-mediated DNA transfer was investigated using quantitative methods to study individual steps in the overall transfection process. In addition to transfection efficiency, the cellular uptake, local pH environment, and stability of vectors were analyzed. N-Quaternized (and therefore non-proton sponge) versions of PEI and specific cell function inhibitors were used to further probe the proton sponge hypothesis. Results: Both N-quaternization and the use of bafilomycin A1 (a vacuolar proton pump inhibitor) reduced the transfection efficiency of PEI by approximately two orders of magnitude. Chloroquine, which buffers lysosomes, enhanced the transfection efficiency of N-quaternized PEIs and polylysine by 2-3-fold. In contrast, chloroquine did not improve the transfection efficiency of PEI. The measured average pH environment of PEI vectors was 6.1, indicating that they successfully avoid trafficking to acidic lysosomes. Significantly lower average pH environments were observed for permethyl-PEI (pH 5.4), perethyl-PEI (pH 5.1), and polylysine (pH 4.6) vectors. Cellular uptake levels of permethyl-PEI and perethyl-PEI vectors were found to be 20 and 90% higher, respectively, than that of parent PEI vectors, indicating that the reduction in transfection activity of the N-quaternized PEIs is due to a barrier downstream of cellular uptake. A polycation/DNA-binding affinity assessment showed that the more charge dense N-quaternized PEIs bind DNA less tightly than PEI, demonstrating that poor vector unpackaging was not responsible for the reduced transfection activity of the N-quaternized PEIs. Conclusions: The results obtained are consistent with the proton sponge hypothesis and strongly suggest that the transfection activity of PEI vectors is due to their unique ability to avoid acidic lysosomes."	0
"Title: Non-coding RNAs in human disease. Abstract: The relevance of the non-coding genome to human disease has mainly been studied in the context of the widespread disruption of microRNA (miRNA) expression and function that is seen in human cancer. However, we are only beginning to understand the nature and extent of the involvement of non-coding RNAs (ncRNAs) in disease. Other ncRNAs, such as PIWI-interacting RNAs (piRNAs), small nucleolar RNAs (snoRNAs), transcribed ultraconserved regions (T-UCRs) and large intergenic non-coding RNAs (lincRNAs) are emerging as key elements of cellular homeostasis. Along with microRNAs, dysregulation of these ncRNAs is being found to have relevance not only to tumorigenesis, but also to neurological, cardiovascular, developmental and other diseases. There is great interest in therapeutic strategies to counteract these perturbations of ncRNAs."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs: Processing, Maturation, Target Recognition and Regulatory Functions. Abstract: The remarkable discovery of small noncoding microRNAs (miRNAs) and their role in posttranscriptional gene regulation have revealed another fine-tuning step in the expression of genetic information. A large number of cellular pathways, which act in organismal development and are important in health and disease, appear to be modulated by miRNAs. At the molecular level, miRNAs restrain the production of proteins by affecting the stability of their target mRNA and/or by down-regulating their translation. This review attempts to offer a snapshot of aspects of miRNA coding, processing, target recognition and function in animals. Our goal here is to provide the readers with a thought-provoking and mechanistic introduction to the miRNA world rather than with a detailed encyclopedia."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-18a inhibits ovarian cancer growth via directly targeting TRIAP1 and IPMK. Abstract: The role of microRNA-18a (miRNA/miR-18a) as a tumor suppressor or promoter in a number of different types of cancer has been reported. However, to date, the expression and the effects of miR-18a in epithelial ovarian cancer (EOC) remain elusive. In the present study, the expression of miR-18a in patient EOC tissues and ovarian cancer cell lines was investigated using the reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Luciferase assays and western blotting were performed to detect the potential direct targets of miR-18a. An A2780cp intraperitoneal mouse model, and Cell Counting Kit 8, flow cytometry and terminal deoxynucleotidyl-transferase-mediated dUTP nick end labeling assays, were used to investigate the effect of miR-18a on tumor growthin vivoandin vitro. The results indicated that the expression of miR-18a was reduced in EOC tissue and in the investigated ovarian cancer cell lines compared with non-malignant (normal) ovarian tissues and the human ovarian epithelium cell line, respectively. Overexpression of miR-18a in the A2780s and A2780cp cell lines significantly induced cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. It was demonstrated that miR-18a directly targets tumor protein p53-regulating inhibitor of apoptosis gene 1 and inositol phosphate multikinase, hence regulating the expression of downstream targets. The A2780cp intraperitoneal mouse model was employed and the results indicated that miR-18a may inhibit A2780cp intraperitoneal tumor growthin vivoby inhibiting proliferation and inducing apoptosis. Together, the results of the present study demonstrated that miR-18a has a role as a tumor suppressor by inhibiting proliferation and inducing apoptosis. Assessment of miR-18a expression may provide a novel method for diagnosis and be a therapeutic target for EOC."	0
"Title: miR-26a suppresses tumor growth and metastasis by targeting FGF9 in gastric cancer. Abstract: The role of miR-26a in cancer cells seemed controversial in previous studies. Until now, the role of miR-26a in gastric cancer remains undefined. In this study, we found that miR-26a was strongly downregulated in gastric cancer (GC) tissues and cell lines, and its expression levels were associated with lymph node metastasis and clinical stage, as well as overall survival and replase-free survival of GC. We also found that ectopic expression of miR-26a inhibited GC cell proliferation and GC metastasis in vitro and in vivo. We further identified a novel mechanism of miR-26a to suppress GC growth and metastasis. FGF9 was proved to be a direct target of miR-26a, using luciferase assay and western blot. FGF9 overexpression in miR-26a-expressing cells could rescue invasion and growth defects of miR-26a. In addition, miR-26a expression inversely correlated with FGF9 protein levels in GC. Taken together, our data suggest that miR-26a functions as a tumor suppressor in GC development and progression, and holds promise as a prognostic biomarker and potential therapeutic target for GC."	0
"Title: Annexin-1 signals mitogen-stimulated breast tumor cell proliferation by activation of the formyl peptide receptors (FPRs) 1 and 2. Abstract: The role of the calcium- and phospholipid-binding protein annexin I (ANXA1) in cell cycle regulation has been investigated in estrogen receptor (ER)-positive MCF-7 and ER-negative MDA-MB-231 breast tumor cell lines. In MCF-7 cells, ANXA1-targeting small interfering RNA (siRNA) reduced ANXA1 mRNA and protein levels and attenuated cell proliferation induced by FCS, estradiol, or epidermal growth factor. Well-characterized agonists for the known ANXA1 receptor, FPR2, including the ANXA1 N-terminal proteolytic product ANXA1(2-26), lipoxin A(4) (LXA(4)), and the synthetic peptide, Trp-Lys-Tyr-Met-Val-D-Met (WKYMVm), stimulated proliferation of MCF-7 and MDA-MB-231 cells that was attenuated by incubation with FPR2 antagonists WRW(4) (1 ?M) or Boc2 (100 nM) or by siRNA against FPR2. FCS-induced mitogenic responses were attenuated by each of the FPR antagonists and by siRNA against FPR2 and, to a lesser extent, FPR1. LXA(4) increased phosphorylation of Akt, p70(S6K) but not ERK1/2. Increases in cyclin D1 protein induced by FCS or LXA(4) were blocked by the PI3 kinase inhibitor, LY294002, and attenuated by FPR2 antagonism using Boc2. In invasive breast cancer, immunohistochemistry revealed the presence of ANXA1 and its receptor, FPR2, in both tumor epithelium and stromal cells. These observations suggest a novel signaling role for ANXA1 in mitogen-activated proliferation of breast tumor epithelial cells that is mediated via activation of FPR1 and FPR2."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 targets the SKI gene in human melanoma cell lines. Abstract: The SKI protein is a transcriptional coregulator over-expressed in melanoma. Experimentally induced down-regulation of SKI inhibits melanoma cell growth in vitro and in vivo. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) negatively modulate gene expression and have been implicated in oncogenesis. We previously showed that microRNA-155 (miR-155) is down-regulated in melanoma cells as compared with normal melanocytes and that its ectopic expression impairs proliferation and induces apoptosis. Here, we investigated whether miR-155 could mediate melanoma growth inhibition via SKI gene silencing. Luciferase reporter assays demonstrated that miR-155 interacted with SKI 3'UTR and impaired gene expression. Transfection of melanoma cells with miR-155 reduced SKI levels, while inhibition of endogenous miR-155 up-regulated SKI expression. Specifically designed small interfering RNAs reduced SKI expression and inhibited proliferation. However, melanoma cells over-expressing a 3'UTR-deleted SKI were still susceptible to the antiproliferative effect of miR-155. Our data demonstrate for the first time that SKI is a target of miR-155 in melanoma. However, impairment of SKI expression is not the leading mechanism involved in the growth-suppressive effect of miR-155 found in this malignancy."	0
"Title: miR-940 potentially promotes proliferation and metastasis of endometrial carcinoma through regulation of MRVI1. Abstract: The specific functions and clinical significance of miR-940 in endometrial carcinoma (EC) have not been studied. First, we assessed the expression of miR-940 and MRVI1 in EC tissues collected from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database and EC cell lines. miR-940 was significantly overexpressed in EC tissues and cell lines, particularly in RL95-2 cells. Correlation analysis showed that miR-940 expression level was remarkably associated with age, grade, and death. Moreover, the overall survival (OS) rate in the miR-940 low expression group was higher, compared with miR-940 high expression group. Univariate and multivariate models demonstrated that miR-940 expression, stage, and age were predictive indicators of OS. Moreover, there was no significance of the proliferation ability among the three EC cell lines (RL95-2, ISK, and KLE). To reveal the biological roles of miR-940, we respectively transfected RL95-2 cells with miR-940 mimics, miR-940 inhibitors, and control to further investigate the cell proliferation ability, and migration as well as invasion potential of RL95-2 cells. The transfection of miR-940 mimics significantly increased the proliferation and migration/invasion ability of RL95-2 cells. MRVI1 was predicted to be a potential target of miR-940 by means ofin silicoanalysis followed by validation using luciferase reporter assays. MRVI1 was correlated with good prognosis. Moreover, forced expression of MRVI1 in miR-940 mimic transfected cells abolished the facilitation of miR-940 on cell proliferation, migration, and invasion of RL95-2 and KLE cells. In conclusion, our study demonstrates that miR-940 might function as a reliable diagnostic and prognostic signature in EC."	0
"Title: Further characterization of the glucocorticoid-induced antiphospholipase protein ""renocortin"". Abstract: The steroid-induced anti-phospholipase protein ""Renocortin"" has been further characterized by column chromatography and a monoclonal antibody. In medium devoid of foetal calf serum, renomedullary insterstitial cells in culture exposed to the anti-inflammatory steroid dexamethasone released 3 peptides of apparent MW: 15k, 30k, and 45k possessing similar biological properties to ""renocortin"", ""lipomodulin"" and ""macrocortin"". A monoclonal antibody directed against macrocortin also bound the 45k peptide released from the renomedullary cells. The 15k species was, like macrocortin, inactive in an ""in vitro"" enzymatic assay but recovered its full inhibitory activity after dephosphorylation by alkaline phosphatase treatment. We conclude that ""macrocortin"", ""lipomodulin"" and ""renocortin"" are similar if not identical proteins. We propose a scheme to account for ""in vivo"" secretion and regulation of these proteins."	0
"Title: Structure and methylation-associated silencing of a gene within a homozygously deleted region of human chromosome band 8p22. Abstract: The structure and expression pattern of a human gene located within a homozygously deleted region of a metastatic prostate cancer have been characterized. Multiple cDNA fragments of this gene were isolated by hybrid capture with yeast artificial chromosome clones covering the deletion region. Eleven coding exons spanned 205-220 kb of the 730- to 970-kb deletion. The predicted amino acid sequence was 43% identical to that of an anonymous Caenorhabditis elegans gene and 20% identical to an accessory or regulatory subunit of the oligosaccharyltransferase enzyme complex in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Hydrophobicity profiles of all three gene products were similar and showed four putative membrane-spanning domains in the molecules' C-terminal halves, suggesting a general conservation of function. The gene was expressed as an approximately 1.5-kb mRNA in most nonlymphoid human cells/tissues including prostate, lung, liver, and colon. Expression was detected in many epithelial tumor cell lines, but was undetectable by Northern blot or RT-PCR in 14 of 15 colorectal, 1 of 8 lung, and 1 of 4 liver cancer cell lines. Lack of expression in tumor cell lines was highly correlated with hypermethylation of a CpG island located at the gene's 5' end. These findings form a basis for further work on this candidate tumor suppressor gene."	0
"Title: Circ_0058063 regulates CDK6 to promote bladder cancer progression by sponging miR-145-5p. Abstract: The study was aimed to investigate the influence of circ_0058063 on tumorigenesis as well as the regulatory mechanism of circ_0058063/miR-145-5p/ CDK6 pathway in bladder cancer (BC). Methods: Bioinformatics analysis was used to screen highly expressed circle RNA (circRNA) and search its downstream microRNA (miRNA) and protein. The expression level of circRNA, miRNA, and CDK6 in BC cell lines T24 and J82 were determined by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR) and western blot. Small interfering RNA was used to downregulate circ_0058063 expression. Cell proliferation, cell cycle, cell apoptosis, and cell migration of T24 cells and J82 cells were detected through MTT assay, flow cytometry, and wound-healing assay, respectively. The relationships among miR-145-5p, circ_0058063, and CDK6 were confirmed through dual luciferase reporter assay. In vivo experiment was also performed to explore the impact of circ_0058063/miR-145-5p/ CDK6 pathway on tumorigenesis in BALB/c nude mice. Results: Circ_0058063 was significantly overexpressed in BC tissues. The downregulation of circ_0058063 impaired BC cell proliferation and migration ability but improved cell apoptosis ability. Circ_0058063 repressed miR-145-5p, which inhibited the expression of CDK6. Downregulation of circ_0058063 or miR-145-5p transfection contributed to more cells arresting in G0/G1 stage. MiR-145-5p suppressed cell growth and migration ability in BC, whereas CDK6 exerted the opposite influence on these cellular events. In vivo experiment also indicated that tumor development in BALB/c nude mice was repressed remarkably when circ_0058063 was downregulated. Conclusion: Circ_0058063 acted as a sponge of miR-145-5p to promote BC progression by regulating CDK6 expression, which provided some potential targets for BC treatment."	0
"Title: Poly(ethylene glycol)-modified nanocarriers for tumor-targeted and intracellular delivery. Abstract: The success of anti-cancer therapies largely depends on the ability of the therapeutics to reach their designated cellular and intracellular target sites, while minimizing accumulation and action at non-specific sites. Surface modification of nanoparticulate carriers with poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG)/poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) has emerged as a strategy to enhance solubility of hydrophobic drugs, prolong circulation time, minimize non-specific uptake, and allow for specific tumor-targeting through the enhanced permeability and retention effect. Furthermore, PEG/PEO modification has emerged as a platform for incorporation of active targeting ligands, thereby providing the drug and gene carriers with specific tumor-targeting properties through a flexible tether. This review focuses on the recent developments surrounding such PEG/PEO-surface modification of polymeric nanocarriers to promote tumor-targeting capabilities, thereby enhancing efficacy of anti-cancer therapeutic strategies."	0
"Title: Changes in ovarian cancer survival during the 20 years before the era of targeted therapy. Abstract: The survival of patients with ovarian cancer has improved because of surgery and chemotherapy. This study aimed to estimate the changes in survival rates among Korean women with ovarian cancer prior to the introduction of targeted therapy for ovarian cancer. Methods: Data were obtained from the Korea Central Cancer Registry regarding patients who were diagnosed with epithelial ovarian cancer between 1995 and 2014. The relative survival rates were calculated for 5-year periods using the Ederer II method. Cox proportional hazard models were created to assess the associations of demographic and clinicopathological factors with ovarian cancer survival. Results: During the study period, 22,880 women were diagnosed with epithelial ovarian cancer. The 5-year relative survival rate improved from 57.2% during 1995-1999 to 63.8% during 2010-2014 (P < 0.001). Survival outcomes improved between 1995 and 1999 and 2010-2014 for the serous and endometrioid carcinoma subtypes (P < 0.001). However, no improvements were observed for the mucinous and clear cell carcinoma subtypes (P = 0.189 and P = 0.293, respectively). Multivariate analysis revealed that younger age, early stage, recent diagnosis, primary surgical treatment, and non-serous histological subtype were favorable prognostic factors. Conclusion: Survival outcomes have improved for serous and endometrioid epithelial ovarian cancer in the last 20 years. However, no improvement was observed for patients with mucinous and clear cell carcinoma subtypes."	0
"Title: The prevalence of multiple sclerosis in the world: an update. Abstract: The systematic study of multiple sclerosis (MS) in populations, started in 1929 by Sydney Allison, now consists of over 400 publications dealing with the prevalence of MS throughout the world. However, any attempt to redefine the pattern of geographical differences in MS frequency remains as difficult as ever. The comparison of prevalence studies carried out in different areas and times is made difficult by the variability in surveyed population sizes, age structures, ethnic origins and composition, and the difficult quantification of numerators, especially regarding the recognition of benign and very early cases. Additionally, complete case ascertainment depends on access to medical care, local medical expertise, number of neurologists, accessibility and availability of new diagnostic procedures, the degree of public awareness about MS, and the investigators' zeal and resources. Critical examination of the more recent data on MS prevalence leads to some revisions of previously held concepts, the most interesting of which is the appreciation of the greater influence of genetic factors on disease acquisition. The rarity of MS among Samis, Turkmen, Uzbeks, Kazakhs, Kyrgyzis, native Siberians, North and South Amerindians, Chinese, Japanese, African blacks and New Zealand Maoris, as well as the high risk among Sardinians, Parsis and Palestinians, clearly indicate that the different susceptibilities of distinct racial and ethnic groups are an important determinant of the uneven geographic distribution of the disease. The updated distribution of MS in Europe, showing many exceptions to the previously described north-south gradient, requires more explanation than simply a prevalence-latitude relationship. Prevalence data imply that racial and ethnic differences are important in influencing the worldwide distribution of MS and that its geography must be interpreted in terms of the probable discontinuous distribution of genetic susceptibility alleles, which can however be modified by environment. Because the environmental and genetic determinants of geographic gradients are by no means mutually exclusive, the race versus place controversy is, to some extent, a useless and sterile debate."	0
"Title: Cellular microRNAs up-regulate transcription via interaction with promoter TATA-box motifs. Abstract: The TATA box represents one of the most prevalent core promoters where the pre-initiation complexes (PICs) for gene transcription are assembled. This assembly is crucial for transcription initiation and well regulated. Here we show that some cellular microRNAs (miRNAs) are associated with RNA polymerase II (Pol II) and TATA box-binding protein (TBP) in human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMCs). Among them, let-7i sequence specifically binds to the TATA-box motif of interleukin-2 (IL-2) gene and elevates IL-2 mRNA and protein production in CD4(+) T-lymphocytes in vitro and in vivo. Through direct interaction with the TATA-box motif, let-7i facilitates the PIC assembly and transcription initiation of IL-2 promoter. Several other cellular miRNAs, such as mir-138, mir-92a or mir-181d, also enhance the promoter activities via binding to the TATA-box motifs of insulin, calcitonin or c-myc, respectively. In agreement with the finding that an HIV-1-encoded miRNA could enhance viral replication through targeting the viral promoter TATA-box motif, our data demonstrate that the interaction with core transcription machinery is a novel mechanism for miRNAs to regulate gene expression."	0
"Title: The regulation of Toll-like receptor 2 by miR-143 suppresses the invasion and migration of a subset of human colorectal carcinoma cells. Abstract: The Toll-like receptor 2 (TLR2)-driven tissue response may promote neoangiogenesis and tumour growth by mechanisms that are poorly understood. Methods: We investigated the expression levels of TLR2 and associated-miRNAs in colorectal carcinoma (CRC) tissues and cell lines using real-time PCR, northern blotting and western blotting. Survival curver was generated by Log-Rank test and the role of TLR2 signalling in tumour invasion and migration was determined by transwell analysis kits. Results: We observed that the tissues from CRC patients express relatively high levels of TLR2. Targeting TLR2 markedly reduces the invasion and migration of CRC cells. We also found that miR-143, a putative tumour suppressor that is down-regulated in CRC tissues, reduces the invasion and migration of CRC cells primarily via TLR2. Utilising a xenograft mouse model, we demonstrated that re-expression of miR-143 inhibits CRC cell colonisation in vivo. Conclusion: miR-143 blocks the TLR2 signalling pathway in human CRC cells. This knowledge may pave the way for new clinical applications utilising miR-143 mimics in the treatment of patients with CRC."	0
"Title: Uniting germline and stem cells: the function of Piwi proteins and the piRNA pathway in diverse organisms. Abstract: The topipotency of the germline is the full manifestation of the pluri- and multipotency of embryonic and adult stem cells, thus the germline and stem cells must share common mechanisms that guarantee their multipotentials in development. One of the few such known shared mechanisms is represented by Piwi proteins, which constitute one of the two subfamilies of the Argonaute protein family. Piwi proteins bind to Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) that are generally 26 to 31 nucleotides in length. Both Piwi proteins and piRNAs are most abundantly expressed in the germline. Moreover, Piwi proteins are expressed broadly in certain types of somatic stem/progenitor cells and other somatic cells across animal phylogeny. Recent studies indicate that the Piwi-piRNA pathway mediates epigenetic programming and posttranscriptional regulation, which may be responsible for its function in germline specification, gametogenesis, stem cell maintenance, transposon silencing, and genome integrity in diverse organisms."	0
"Title: Breast cancer signatures for invasiveness and prognosis defined by deep sequencing of microRNA. Abstract: The transition from ductal carcinoma in situ to invasive ductal carcinoma is a key event in breast cancer progression that is still not well understood. To discover the microRNAs regulating this critical transition, we used 80 biopsies from invasive ductal carcinoma, 8 from ductal carcinoma in situ, and 6 from normal breast. We selected them from a recently published deep-sequencing dataset [Farazi TA, et al. (2011) Cancer Res 71:4443-4453]. The microRNA profile established for the normal breast to ductal carcinoma in situ transition was largely maintained in the in situ to invasive ductal carcinoma transition. Nevertheless, a nine-microRNA signature was identified that differentiated invasive from in situ carcinoma. Specifically, let-7d, miR-210, and -221 were down-regulated in the in situ and up-regulated in the invasive transition, thus featuring an expression reversal along the cancer progression path. Additionally, we identified microRNAs for overall survival and time to metastasis. Five noncoding genes were associated with both prognostic signatures--miR-210, -21, -106b*, -197, and let-7i, with miR-210 the only one also involved in the invasive transition. To pinpoint critical cellular functions affected in the invasive transition, we identified the protein coding genes with inversely related profiles to miR-210: BRCA1, FANCD, FANCF, PARP1, E-cadherin, and Rb1 were all activated in the in situ and down-regulated in the invasive carcinoma. Additionally, we detected differential splicing isoforms with special features, including a truncated EGFR lacking the kinase domain and overexpressed only in ductal carcinoma in situ."	0
"Title: Mutant p53 gain-of-function induces epithelial-mesenchymal transition through modulation of the miR-130b-ZEB1 axis. Abstract: The tumor suppressor gene p53 has been implicated in the regulation of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and tumor metastasis by regulating microRNA (miRNA) expression. Here, we report that mutant p53 exerts oncogenic functions and promotes EMT in endometrial cancer (EC) by directly binding to the promoter of miR-130b (a negative regulator of ZEB1) and inhibiting its transcription. We transduced p53 mutants into p53-null EC cells, profiled the miRNA expression by miRNA microarray and identified miR-130b as a potential target of mutant p53. Ectopic expression of p53 mutants repressed the expression of miR-130b and triggered ZEB1-dependent EMT and cancer cell invasion. Loss of an endogenous p53 mutation increased the expression of miR-130b, which resulted in reduced ZEB1 expression and attenuation of the EMT phenotype. Furthermore, re-expression of miR-130b suppressed mutant p53-induced EMT and ZEB1 expression. Importantly, the expression of miR-130 was significantly reduced in EC tissues, and patients with higher expression levels of miR-130b survived longer. These data provide a novel understanding of the roles of p53 gain-of-function mutations in accelerating tumor progression and metastasis through modulation of the miR-130b-ZEB1 axis."	0
"Title: The p53/miR-34 axis in development and disease. Abstract: The tumor suppressor p53 is one of the most frequently mutated genes in human cancers. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are small non-protein coding RNAs that regulate gene expression on the post-transcriptional level. Recently, it was shown that p53 regulates the expression of several miRNAs, thereby representing an important mechanism of p53 signaling. Several independent studies identified the members of the miR-34 family as the most prevalent p53-induced miRNAs. miR-34s are frequently silenced in variety of tumor entities, suggesting that they are important tumor suppressors. Indeed, ectopic expression of miR-34s inhibits proliferation, epithelial to mesenchymal transition, migration, invasion, and metastasis of various cancer cell entities. Moreover, delivery or re-expression of miR-34 leads to notable repression of tumor growth and metastasis in cancer mouse models, and may therefore represent an efficient strategy for future cancer therapeutics. Besides their crucial functions in cancer, members of the miR-34 family also play important roles in spermatogenesis, stem cell differentiation, neuronal development, aging, and cardiovascular functions. Consequently, miR-34 has also been implicated in various non-cancerous diseases, such as brain disorders, osteoporosis, and cardiovascular complications."	0
"Title: p53 represses c-Myc through induction of the tumor suppressor miR-145. Abstract: The tumor suppressor p53 negatively regulates a number of genes, including the proto-oncogene c-Myc, in addition to activating many other genes. One mechanism of the p53-mediated c-Myc repression may involve transcriptional regulation. However, it is not clear whether microRNAs (miRNAs) play a role in the p53-mediated posttranscriptional regulation of c-Myc. In this study, we show that a putative tumor suppressor, miR-145, is expressed through the phosphoinositide-3 kinase (PI-3K)/Akt and p53 pathways. Importantly, p53 transcriptionally induces the expression of miR-145 by interacting with a potential p53 response element (p53RE) in the miR-145 promoter. We further show that c-Myc is a direct target for miR-145. Although miR-145 silences the expression of c-Myc, anti-miR-145 enhances its expression. This specific silencing of c-Myc by miR-145 accounts at least in part for the miR-145-mediated inhibition of tumor cell growth both in vitro and in vivo. Finally, the blockade of miR-145 by anti-miR-145 is able to reverse the p53-mediated c-Myc repression. Together, these results define the role of miR-145 in the posttranscriptional regulation of c-Myc by p53 and suggest that, as a new member of the p53 regulatory network, miR-145 provides a direct link between p53 and c-Myc in this gene regulatory network."	0
"Title: The tumor suppressors p53, p63, and p73 are regulators of microRNA processing complex. Abstract: The tumor suppressors p53, p73, and p63 are known to function as transcription factors. They promote either growth arrest or apoptosis, depending upon the DNA damage. A number of microRNAs (miRNAs) have been shown to function as transcriptional targets of p53 and they appear to aid p53 in promoting growth arrest and apoptosis. However, the question of p53/p63/p73 regulating the miRNA processing complex has not been addressed in depth so far. Comparative/computational genomic analysis was performed using Target scan, Mami, and Diana software to identify miRNAs that regulate the miRNA processing complex. Here, I present evidence for the first time that the tumor suppressors p53, p63, and p73 function as both positive and negative regulators of the miRNA processing components. Curated p53-dependent miRNA expression data was used to identify p53-miRs that target the components of the miRNA-processing complex. This analysis suggests that most of the components (mRNAs' 3'UTR) of the miRNA processing complex are targeted by p53-miRs. Remarkably, this data revealed the conserved nature of p53-miRs in targeting a number of components of the miRNA processing complex. p53/p73/p63 appears to regulate the major components of the miRNA processing, such as Drosha-DGCR8, Dicer-TRBP2, and Argonaute proteins. In particular, p53/p73/p63 appears to regulate the processing of miRNAs, such as let-7, miR-200c, miR-143, miR-107, miR-16, miR-145, miR-134, miR-449a, miR-503, and miR-21. Interestingly, there seems to be a phenotypic similarity between p63(-/-) and dicer(-/-) mice, suggesting that p63 and dicer could regulate each other. In addition, p63, p73, and the DGCR8 proteins contain a conserved interaction domain. Further, promoters of a number of components of the miRNA processing machinery, including dicer and P2P-R, contain p53-REs, suggesting that they could be direct transcriptional targets of p63/p73/p53. Together, this study provides mechanistic insights into how p53, p63, and p73 regulate the components of the miRNA processing; and how p53, TA-p63, and TA-p73 regulated miRNAs inhibit tumorigenesis, EMT, metastasis, and cancer stem cell proliferation."	0
"Title: miR-126 and miR-126* repress recruitment of mesenchymal stem cells and inflammatory monocytes to inhibit breast cancer metastasis. Abstract: The tumour stroma is an active participant during cancer progression. Stromal cells promote tumour progression and metastasis through multiple mechanisms including enhancing tumour invasiveness and angiogenesis, and suppressing immune surveillance. We report here that miR-126/miR-126(*), a microRNA pair derived from a single precursor, independently suppress the sequential recruitment of mesenchymal stem cells and inflammatory monocytes into the tumour stroma to inhibit lung metastasis by breast tumour cells in a mouse xenograft model. miR-126/miR-126(*) directly inhibit stromal cell-derived factor-1 alpha (SDF-1?) expression, and indirectly suppress the expression of chemokine (C-C motif) ligand 2 (Ccl2) by cancer cells in an SDF-1?-dependent manner. miR-126/miR-126(*) expression is downregulated in cancer cells by promoter methylation of their host gene Egfl7. These findings determine how this microRNA pair alters the composition of the primary tumour microenvironment to favour breast cancer metastasis, and demonstrate a correlation between miR-126/126(*) downregulation and poor metastasis-free survival of breast cancer patients."	0
"Title: Circulating miRNAs as surrogate markers for circulating tumor cells and prognostic markers in metastatic breast cancer. Abstract: The use of circulating tumor cells (CTC) as a prognostic marker in metastatic breast cancer (MBC) has been well established. However, their efficacy and accuracy are still under scrutiny mainly because of methods of their enrichment and identification. We hypothesized that circulating miRNAs can predict the CTC status of patients with MBC, and tested for the same. Furthermore, we aimed at establishing a panel of circulating miRNAs capable of differentiating MBC cases from healthy controls. Experimental design: Circulating miRNAs from plasma of CTC-positive and CTC-negative patients with MBC, and healthy controls, were profiled by TaqMan Human MicroRNA arrays. Candidates from the initial screen were validated in an extended cohort of 269 individuals (61 CTC-positive, 72 CTC-negative, 60 CTC-low MBC cases, and 76 controls). Results: CTC-positive had significantly higher levels of miR-141, miR-200a, miR-200b, miR-200c, miR-203, miR-210, miR-375, and miR-801 than CTC-negative MBC and controls (P < 0.00001), whereas miR-768-3p was present in lower amounts in MBC cases (P < 0.05). miR-200b was singled out as the best marker for distinguishing CTC-positive from CTC-negative patients (AUC 0.88). We identified combinations of miRNAs for differentiating MBC cases from controls (AUC 0.95 for CTC-positive; AUC 0.78 for CTC-negative). Combinations of miRNAs and miR-200b alone were found to be promising prognostic marker for progression-free and overall survival. Conclusion: This is the first study to document the capacity of circulating miRNAs to indicate CTC status and their potential as prognostic markers in patients with MBC."	0
"Title: Liquid Biopsies for Cancer: Coming to a Patient near You. Abstract: The use of circulating tumor DNA (ctDNA) as a novel and non-invasive test for the diagnosis and surveillance of cancer is a rapidly growing area of interest, with sequencing of ctDNA acting as a potential surrogate for tissue biopsy. Circulating tumor DNA has been detected incidentally during noninvasive prenatal testing and additionally in more than 75% of known cancer patients participating in ctDNA studies evaluating its sensitivity. In the setting of mutation-based targeted tumor therapy, it shows a concordance rate >80% when compared with gold-standard tissue biopsies. Through ctDNA detection and sequencing, a simple blood test becomes a liquid biopsy for cancer, surveying a patient's entire circulation with the goal of early detection, prognostic information, personalized therapy options, and tracking for recurrence or resistance, all with fewer or no tissue biopsies. Given the recent first-ever FDA approval of a liquid biopsy, it is important for clinicians to be aware of the rapid advancements likely to bring these tests into our practices soon. Here we review the biology, clinical implications, and recent advances in circulating tumor DNA analysis."	0
"Title: Non-coding RNAs: Therapeutic Strategies and Delivery Systems. Abstract: The vast majority of the human genome is transcribed into RNA molecules that do not code for proteins, which could be small ones approximately 20 nucleotide in length, known as microRNAs, or transcripts longer than 200 bp, defined as long noncoding RNAs. The prevalent deregulation of microRNAs in human cancers prompted immediate interest on the therapeutic value of microRNAs as drugs and drug targets. Many features of microRNAs such as well-defined mechanisms, and straightforward oligonucleotide design further make them attractive candidates for therapeutic development. The intensive efforts of exploring microRNA therapeutics are reflected by the large body of preclinical studies using oligonucleotide-based mimicking and blocking, culminated by the recent entry of microRNA therapeutics in clinical trial for several human diseases including cancer. Meanwhile, microRNA therapeutics faces the challenge of effective and safe delivery of nucleic acid therapeutics into the target site. Various chemical modifications of nucleic acids and delivery systems have been developed to increase targeting specificity and efficacy, and reduce the associated side effects including activation of immune response. Recently, long noncoding RNAs become attractive targets for therapeutic intervention because of their association with complex and delicate phenotypes, and their unconventional pharmaceutical activities such as capacity of increasing output of proteins. Here I discuss the general therapeutic strategies targeting noncoding RNAs, review delivery systems developed to maximize noncoding RNA therapeutic efficacy, and offer perspectives on the future development of noncoding RNA targeting agents for colorectal cancer."	0
"Title: MiR-145 negatively regulates Warburg effect by silencing KLF4 and PTBP1 in bladder cancer cells. Abstract: The Warburg effect is a well-known feature in cancer-specific metabolism. We previously reported on the role of microRNA (miR)-145 as a tumor-suppressor in human bladder cancer (BC) cells. In this study, we reveal that miR-145 decreases the Warburg effect by silencing KLF4 in BC cells. The expression levels of miR-145 were significantly lower in clinical BC samples and BC cell lines compared to those in normal tissues and HUC cells. Luciferase assay results showed that miR-145 directly bound to 3'UTR of KLF4, which was shown to be overexpressed in the clinical BC samples using Western blot analysis and immunohistochemistry. Remarkable growth inhibition and apoptosis were induced by the ectopic expression of miR-145 or by the gene silencing of KLF4 (siR-KLF4). Also, Warburg effect-related genes such as PTBP1/PKMs were regulated by the transfection of BC cells with miR-145 or siR-KLF4. These results thus indicate that the miR-145/KLF4/PTBP1/PKMs axis is one of the critical pathways that maintain the Warburg effect in BC carcinogenesis. MiR-145 perturbed the Warburg effect by suppressing the KLF4/PTBP1/PKMs pathway in BC cells, resulting in significant cell growth inhibition."	0
"Title: miR-603 targeted hexokinase-2 to inhibit the malignancy of ovarian cancer cells. Abstract: The Warburg effect, characterized by energy production through a high rate of aerobic glycolysis, is a metabolic hallmark of cancer cells. We previously found that ginsenoside 20(S)-Rg3 upregulated miR-603 and impaired the malignancy of ovarian cancer cells by inhibiting the Warburg effect. However, the precise functional role of miR-603 in ovarian cancer progression remains poorly defined. Here, we report that the level of miR-603 in ovarian cancer tissues is significantly lower than that in para-tumor tissues. Overexpression of miR-603 in ovarian cancer cells inhibits the Warburg effect as evidenced by a decrease in glucose consumption, lactate production and hexokinase-2 (HK2) expression, reduces cell proliferation in vitro, and weakens their migration and invasion. Further, miR-603 directly targets HK2 as indicated in a luciferase reporter assay. In contrast to agomiR-NC, agomiR-603 treatment significantly inhibits tumor growth in vivo and the Warburg effect, which is illustrated by a decreased uptake of18F-FDG in subcutaneous xenografts and HK2 downregulation. Finally, miR-603 is negatively regulated by DNMT3A-mediated DNA methylation in the promoter region of its precursor gene, suggesting that 20(S)-Rg3 antagonizes DNMT3A-mediated DNA methylation to impair growth, migration and invasion of ovarian cancer cells. In conclusion, miR-603 is a tumor suppressor targeting HK2 in ovarian cancer and its low level may result from DNMT3A-mediated methylation."	0
"Title: WASF3 regulates miR-200 inactivation by ZEB1 through suppression of KISS1 leading to increased invasiveness in breast cancer cells. Abstract: The WASF3 gene promotes invasion and metastasis in breast cancer cells, which have undergone epithelial-to-mesenchyme transition (EMT). Overexpression of WASF3 in cells that do not show EMT increases their invasion potential as a result of increased ZEB1/2 levels, which specifically suppress the anti-invasion chromosome 1 miR-200a/200b/429 cluster. ZEB1/2 upregulation by WASF3 results from downregulation of KISS1, leading to the release of inhibition of nuclear factor (NF)?B by I?B?. We further show that ZEB1 expression is regulated by the NF?B transcription factor. Knockdown of WASF3 in breast cancer cells leads to reduced ZEB1 levels and increased miR-200 and E-cadherin levels, resulting in loss of invasion potential. The central regulation of this interactive pathway by WASF3 accounts for the increased invasion associated with increased WASF3 expression seen in aggressive breast cancer cells. WASF3, therefore, is a potential target to suppress invasion and metastasis in breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: The HE4 (WFDC2) protein is a biomarker for ovarian carcinoma. Abstract: The WFDC2 (HE4) gene is amplified in ovarian carcinomas, whereas its expression in normal tissues, including ovary, is low. Although the function of the HE4 protein is unknown,it is a member of a family of stable 4-disulfide core proteins that are secreted at high levels. We therefore performed experiments to explore whether quantitation of HE4 protein levels in serum can be used as a biomarker for ovarian carcinoma. A fusion gene was constructed encoding the HE4 protein fused to a gene encoding the murine IgG2a Fc domain. Subsequently, protein produced in mammalian cells was purified by affinity chromatography and used to immunize mice to generate hybridomas specific for HE4. Hybridoma supernatants were screened for binding to a similar fusion protein that, instead, had a human immunoglobulin tail. Two hybridomas, 2H5 and 3D8, were selected that produce monoclonal antibodies to different HE4 epitopes, and a double determinant (""Sandwich"") ELISA was constructed and shown to detect a signal at the 160-pg level. Blinded studies on sera from postmenopausal patients with ovarian carcinoma and controls indicate that the specificity and sensitivity of the HE4-based ELISA is equivalent to that of the CA125 assay. However, the HE4 assay may have an advantage over the CA125 assay in that it is less frequently positive in patients with nonmalignant disease."	0
"Title: miRNA-96 suppresses KRAS and functions as a tumor suppressor gene in pancreatic cancer. Abstract: Therapeutic applications of microRNA (miRNA) in KRAS-driven pancreatic cancers might be valuable, but few studies have explored this area. Here, we report that miR-96 directly targets the KRAS oncogene and functions as a tumor-suppressing miRNA in pancreatic cancer cells. Ectopic expression of miR-96 through a synthetic miRNA precursor inhibited KRAS, dampened Akt signaling, and triggered apoptosis in cells. In human clinical specimens, miR-96 was downregulated or deleted where an association with KRAS elevations was observed. In vitro and in vivo assays established that miR-96 decreased cancer cell invasion and migration and slowed tumor growth in a manner associated with KRAS downregulation. Our findings identify miR-96 as a potent regulator of KRAS, which may provide a novel therapeutic strategy for treatment of pancreatic cancer and other KRAS-driven cancers."	0
"Title: MiR-143 acts as a tumor suppressor by targeting N-RAS and enhances temozolomide-induced apoptosis in glioma. Abstract: Therapeutic applications of microRNAs (miRNAs) in RAS-driven glioma were valuable, but their specific roles and functions have yet to be fully elucidated. Here, we firstly report that miR-143 directly targets the neuroblastoma RAS viral oncogene homolog (N-RAS) and functions as a tumor-suppressor in glioma. Overexpression of miR-143 decreased the expression of N-RAS, inhibited PI3K/AKT, MAPK/ERK signaling, and attenuated the accumulation of p65 in nucleus of glioma cells. In human clinical specimens, miR-143 was downregulated where an adverse with N-RAS expression was observed. Furthermore, overexpression of miR-143 decreased glioma cell migration, invasion, tube formation and slowed tumor growth and angiogenesis in a manner associated with N-RAS downregulation in vitro and in vivo. Finally, miR-143 also sensitizes glioma cells to temozolomide (TMZ),the first-line drug for glioma treatment. Taken together, for the first time, our results demonstrate that miR-143 plays a significant role in inactivating the RAS signaling pathway through the inhibition of N-RAS, which may provide a novel therapeutic strategy for treatment of glioma and other RAS-driven cancers."	0
"Title: Therapeutic microRNA delivery suppresses tumorigenesis in a murine liver cancer model. Abstract: Therapeutic strategies based on modulation of microRNA (miRNA) activity hold great promise due to the ability of these small RNAs to potently influence cellular behavior. In this study, we investigated the efficacy of a miRNA replacement therapy for liver cancer. We demonstrate that hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) cells exhibit reduced expression of miR-26a, a miRNA that is normally expressed at high levels in diverse tissues. Expression of this miRNA in liver cancer cells in vitro induces cell-cycle arrest associated with direct targeting of cyclins D2 and E2. Systemic administration of this miRNA in a mouse model of HCC using adeno-associated virus (AAV) results in inhibition of cancer cell proliferation, induction of tumor-specific apoptosis, and dramatic protection from disease progression without toxicity. These findings suggest that delivery of miRNAs that are highly expressed and therefore tolerated in normal tissues but lost in disease cells may provide a general strategy for miRNA replacement therapies."	0
"Title: Cationic microRNA-delivering nanovectors with bifunctional peptides for efficient treatment of PANC-1 xenograft model. Abstract: Therapeutic strategies based on modulation of microRNA activity possess much promise in cancer therapy, but the in vivo delivery of microRNA to target sites and its penetration into tumor tissues remain great challenge. In this work, miR-34a-delivering therapeutic nanocomplexes with a tumor-targeting and -penetrating bifunctional CC9 peptide were proposed for efficient treatment of pancreatic cancers. In vitro study indicated that the nanoparticle-based miR-34a delivery systems could effectively facilitate cellular uptake and greatly up-regulate the mRNA level of miR-34a in PANC-1 cell lines. The up-regulation of miR-34a remarkably induced cell cycle arrest and apoptosis, suppressed the tumor cell migration and inhibited the target gene expressions such as E2F3, Bcl-2, c-myc and cyclin D1. More importantly, the in vivo systemic administration of the developed targeting miR-34a delivery systems in a pancreatic cancer model significantly inhibited tumor growth and induced cancer cell apoptosis. Such bifunctional peptide-conjugated miRNA-delivering nanocomplexes should have great potential applications in cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Novel circulating microRNA signature as a potential non-invasive multi-marker test in ER-positive early-stage breast cancer: a case control study. Abstract: There are currently no highly sensitive and specific minimally invasive biomarkers for detection of early-stage breast cancer. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) are present in the circulation and may be unique biomarkers for early diagnosis of human cancers. The aim of this study was to investigate the differential expression of miRNAs in the serum of breast cancer patients and healthy controls. Methods: Global miRNA analysis was performed on serum from 48 patients with ER-positive early-stage breast cancer obtained at diagnosis (24 lymph node-positive and 24 lymph node-negative) and 24 age-matched healthy controls using LNA-based quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). A signature of miRNAs was subsequently validated in an independent set of 111 serum samples from 60 patients with early-stage breast cancer and 51 healthy controls and further tested for reproducibility in 3 independent data sets from the GEO Database. Results: A multivariable signature consisting of 9 miRNAs (miR-15a, miR-18a, miR-107, miR-133a, miR-139-5p, miR-143, miR-145, miR-365, miR-425) was identified that provided considerable discrimination between breast cancer patients and healthy controls. Further, the ability of the 9 miRNA signature to stratify samples from breast cancer patients and healthy controls was confirmed in the validation set (p = 0.012) with a corresponding AUC = 0.665 in the ROC-curve analysis. No association between miRNA expression and tumor grade, tumor size, menopausal- or lymph node status was observed. The signature was also successfully validated in a previously published independent data set of circulating miRNAs in early-stage breast cancer (p = 0.024). Conclusions: We present herein a 9 miRNA signature capable of discriminating between ER-positive breast cancer and healthy controls. Using a specific algorithm based on the 9 miRNA signature, the risk for future individuals can be predicted. Since microRNAs are highly stable in blood components, this signature might be useful in the development of a blood-based multi-marker test to improve early detection of breast cancer. Such a test could potentially be used as a screening tool to identify individuals who would benefit from further diagnostic assessment."	0
"Title: Simple, quantitative primer-extension PCR assay for direct monitoring of microRNAs and short-interfering RNAs. Abstract: There has been a surge of interest in the biology of microRNAs and the technology of RNA interference. We describe a simple, robust, inexpensive assay for quantitative analysis of microRNAs and short-interfering RNAs. The method relies on primer extension conversion of RNA to cDNA by reverse transcription followed by quantitative, real-time PCR. Technical parameters critical to the success of the assay are presented. Measurements of microRNA levels are sensitive, with most assays allowing measurements in the femtomolar range, which corresponds to tens of copies per cell or less. The assay has a high dynamic range and provides linear readout over differences in microRNA concentrations that span 6-7 orders of magnitude. The assay is capable of discriminating between related microRNA family members that differ by subtle sequence differences. We used the method for quantitative analysis of six microRNAs across 12 tissue samples. The data confirm striking variation in the patterns of expression of these noncoding regulatory RNAs."	0
"Title: Elevated levels of circulating microRNA-200 family members correlate with serous epithelial ovarian cancer. Abstract: There is a critical need for improved diagnostic markers for high grade serous epithelial ovarian cancer (SEOC). MicroRNAs are stable in the circulation and may have utility as biomarkers of malignancy. We investigated whether levels of serum microRNA could discriminate women with high-grade SEOC from age matched healthy volunteers. Methods: To identify microRNA of interest, microRNA expression profiling was performed on 4 SEOC cell lines and normal human ovarian surface epithelial cells. Total RNA was extracted from 500 ?L aliquots of serum collected from patients with SEOC (n = 28) and age-matched healthy donors (n = 28). Serum microRNA levels were assessed by quantitative RT-PCR following preamplification. Results: microRNA (miR)-182, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c were highly overexpressed in the SEOC cell lines relative to normal human ovarian surface epithelial cells and were assessed in RNA extracted from serum as candidate biomarkers. miR-103, miR-92a and miR -638 had relatively invariant expression across all ovarian cell lines, and with small-nucleolar C/D box 48 (RNU48) were assessed in RNA extracted from serum as candidate endogenous normalizers. No correlation between serum levels and age were observed (age range 30-79 years) for any of these microRNA or RNU48. Individually, miR-200a, miR-200b and miR-200c normalized to serum volume and miR-103 were significantly higher in serum of the SEOC cohort (P < 0.05; 0.05; 0.0005 respectively) and in combination, miR-200b + miR-200c normalized to serum volume and miR-103 was the best predictive classifier of SEOC (ROC-AUC = 0.784). This predictive model (miR-200b + miR-200c) was further confirmed by leave one out cross validation (AUC = 0.784). Conclusions: We identified serum microRNAs able to discriminate patients with high grade SEOC from age-matched healthy controls. The addition of these microRNAs to current testing regimes may improve diagnosis for women with SEOC."	0
"Title: LIFR is a breast cancer metastasis suppressor upstream of the Hippo-YAP pathway and a prognostic marker. Abstract: There is a pressing need to identify prognostic markers of metastatic disease and targets for treatment. Combining high-throughput RNA sequencing, functional characterization, mechanistic studies and clinical validation, we identify leukemia inhibitory factor receptor (LIFR) as a breast cancer metastasis suppressor downstream of the microRNA miR-9 and upstream of Hippo signaling. Restoring LIFR expression in highly malignant tumor cells suppresses metastasis by triggering a Hippo kinase cascade that leads to phosphorylation, cytoplasmic retention and functional inactivation of the transcriptional coactivator YES-associated protein (YAP). Conversely, loss of LIFR in nonmetastatic breast cancer cells induces migration, invasion and metastatic colonization through activation of YAP. LIFR is downregulated in human breast carcinomas and inversely correlates with metastasis. Notably, in approximately 1,000 nonmetastatic breast tumors, LIFR expression status correlated with metastasis-free, recurrence-free and overall survival outcomes in the patients. These findings identify LIFR as a metastasis suppressor that functions through the Hippo-YAP pathway and has significant prognostic power."	0
"Title: Identification of circulating microRNA signatures for breast cancer detection. Abstract: There is a quest for novel noninvasive diagnostic markers for the detection of breast cancer. The goal of this study is to identify circulating microRNA (miRNA) signatures using a cohort of Asian Chinese patients with breast cancer, and to compare miRNA profiles between tumor and serum samples. Experimental design: miRNA from paired breast cancer tumors, normal tissue, and serum samples derived from 32 patients were comprehensively profiled using microarrays or locked nucleic acid real-time PCR panels. Serum samples from healthy individuals (n = 22) were also used as normal controls. Significant serum miRNAs, identified by logistic regression, were validated in an independent set of serum samples from patients (n = 132) and healthy controls (n = 101). Results: The 20 most significant miRNAs differentially expressed in breast cancer tumors included miRNA (miR)-21, miR-10b, and miR-145, previously shown to be dysregulated in breast cancer. Only 7 miRNAs were overexpressed in both tumors and serum, suggesting that miRNAs may be released into the serum selectively. Interestingly, 16 of the 20 most significant miRNAs differentially expressed in serum samples were novel. MiR-1, miR-92a, miR-133a, and miR-133b were identified as the most important diagnostic markers, and were successfully validated; receiver operating characteristic curves derived from combinations of these miRNAs exhibited areas under the curves of 0.90 to 0.91. Conclusion: The clinical use of miRNA signatures as a noninvasive diagnostic strategy is promising, but should be further validated for different subtypes of breast cancers."	0
"Title: Genetic analysis of cancer-implicated MicroRNA in ovarian cancer. Abstract: There is accumulating evidence that microRNAs may function like classic tumor suppressor genes but little is known about their mechanism of inactivation in cancer cells. We investigated whether somatic mutations are a common mechanism of inactivation of microRNA genes in ovarian cancer. Experimental design: Ten cancer-implicated microRNA genes were analyzed for somatic mutations in 90 ovarian epithelial cancers and matching normal DNA. High-resolution melt analysis and bidirectional sequencing was used to detect sequence variations. Results: High-resolution melt analysis and direct sequencing did not identify any somatic mutations but did reveal numerous novel and previously reported germ line base substitutions, deletions, and insertions surrounding the mature microRNA sequences. The majority of variants were detected in the same proportion of non-cancer control individuals suggesting that they do not represent ovarian cancer-predisposing alleles. Conclusion: The absence of somatic mutations in any of the 10 cancer-implicated microRNAs in our large cohort of ovarian tumors suggests that this may be an uncommon mechanism of inactivation of microRNAs in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Expression patterns of microRNAs are altered in hypoxic human neuroblastoma cells. Abstract: There was a report that microRNA (miRNA) controls multiple genes. In addition, there are some reports that the presence of neoplastic cells that are hypoxic because of rapid tumor development is related to prognosis. As a step toward identifying the role of miRNA in hypoxic tumor cells, the present study was designed to determine which miRNAs have increased expression and which have decreased expression in hypoxic neuroblastoma cells. Methods: For this study, we used seven neuroblastoma cell lines. In four with MYCN was amplified; in the other three MYCN was non-amplified. Neuroblastoma cells were cultured under hypoxic conditions. The expression levels of 662 kinds of miRNA in the hypoxic cells were quantified by gene array. Results: We found that the expression of 85 kinds of miRNA was increased. Expression of six of these mRNAs was increased in two or more cell lines. Hsa-miR-143, -145, and -210 were each expressed in four of the seven cell lines. In addition, expression of 48 kinds of miRNA was decreased. Expression of five was decreased in two cell lines. There was no relation between the expression of miRNA and the amplification of MYCN. Conclusion: Our results thus suggest a possible causal relation between these three miRNAs and the malignancy of neuroblastoma in hypoxic conditions."	0
"Title: Downregulations of miR-449a and miR-145-5p Act as Prognostic Biomarkers for Endometrial Cancer. Abstract: This investigation aimed to explore the underlying prognosis-associated microRNA (miRNA) biomarkers in endometrial cancer.Homo sapiensmiRNA data set GSE35794 and miRNA data in TGGA database were downloaded and applied to screen the differentially expressed miRNAs (DE-miRNAs) using unpairedt-test in limma package in R. Basing on Venn analysis, the overlapped DE-miRNAs were screened and their potential targets were predicted according to miRWalk followed by target functional enrichment analyses and protein-protein interaction network visualized using Cytoscape. Finally, according to the information provided by the The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) database, correlations between miRNAs or targets and patient prognosis were analyzed by survival package in R. A total of 24 overlapped DE-miRNAs were identified between endometrioid endometrial cancer samples and normal samples. Then, the miRNA-target regulatory network was constructed, including 11 upregulated miRNAs (e.g., miR-200a, miR-200b, and miR-200c) and five downregulated miRNAs (e.g., miR-449a, miR-145-5p, and miR-145-3p). Lymphocyte enhancer factor-1 (LEF1) was predicted to be a target of miR-449a andSOX11was a target of miR-145-5p. Functional enrichment analyses of these targets were significantly related to the biological process of ""negative regulation of transcription from RNA polymerase II promoter"" and ""positive regulation of transcription from RNA polymerase II promoter"" (e.g.,NOTCH1,LEF1, andSOX11). In addition, survival analysis showed that miR-449a, miR-145-5p, andLEF1were approximately correlated with the overall survival prognosis of endometrial cancer patients. Downregulations of miR-449a and miR-145-5p might be involved in the pathogenesis of endometrial cancer and could act as prognostic biomarkers for endometrial cancer patients."	0
"Title: Therapeutic platforms based on gold nanoparticles and their covalent conjugates with drug molecules. Abstract: This review will first look at the various covalent strategies that have been developed to attach drugs to gold nanoparticles as well as the strengths and limitations of such strategies. After examining general strategies for the synthesis of gold nanoparticles and their subsequent covalent functionalization, this review will focus on nanoparticle conjugates for gene therapy, antibacterial, and anticancer applications including the use of gold nanoparticles with intrinsically therapeutic properties. The effects of targeting and cellular uptake of gold nanoparticles will also be discussed."	0
"Title: Changes in microRNA expression levels correlate with clinicopathological features and prognoses in endometrial serous adenocarcinomas. Abstract: This study aimed to determine the expression profiles of microRNAs (miRNAs) in endometrial serous adenocarcinoma and to examine the association between miRNA expression and clinical outcomes. Twenty-one patients diagnosed with endometrial serous adenocarcinoma between January 2001 and December 2006 were enrolled. miRNA expression profiles were examined using miRNA microarray and qRT-PCR. miRNA expression levels were correlated with clinicopathological variables and survival rates. A total of 120 miRNAs were differentially expressed in endometrial serous adenocarcinoma compared to normal endometria. Of these, 54 miRNAs were down-regulated (>2-fold), including miR-101, miR-10b*, miR-152, and miR-29b, and the remainder were up-regulated (>2-fold), including miR-200a, miR-200b, and miR-205. Decreased expression of miR-10b*, miR-29b, and miR-455-5p was correlated with vascular invasion (P = 0.048, P = 0.013, and P = 0.032, respectively). Univariate analysis revealed that lower expression of miR-101, miR-10b*, miR-139-5p, miR-152, miR-29b, and miR-455-5p was significantly correlated with poor overall survival (P < 0.05), and reduced expression of miR-152, miR-29b, and miR-455-5p was significantly correlated with poor disease-free survival (P < 0.05). Multivariate analysis demonstrated that decreased expression of miR-152 (P = 0.021) was a statistically independent risk factor for overall survival, and decreased expression levels of miR-101 (P = 0.016) and miR-152 (P = 0.010) were statistically independent risk factors for disease-free survival. In addition, transfection of miR-101 or miR-152 precursors into an endometrial serous carcinoma cell line inhibited cell growth (P < 0.0001 and P = 0.01, respectively). Moreover, strong positive immunoreactivity of cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) was significantly correlated with down-regulation of miR-101 (P = 0.035). These findings suggest that the dysregulation of miRNAs is associated with the poor prognosis in endometrial serous adenocarcinoma patients."	0
"Title: MiR-15a suppresses hepatocarcinoma cell migration and invasion by directly targeting cMyb . Abstract: This study aimed to determine the function of miR-15a in HCC, and identify cMyb as a target of miR-15a. Methods: RNA expression was evaluated by quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR). The effects of miR-15a or cMyb on HCC cells were evaluated by transwell migration assay and western blot analysis. CMyb , the predicted target, has been frequently verified by luciferase assay. Results: MiR-15a was markedly downregulated in sphere culture HCC cells by qRT-PCR. CMyb was predicted to be a potential target of miR-15a using bioinformatics analysis. This prediction has been frequently verified by luciferase assay and western blot. A positive correlation between cMyb and the migration ability of HCC cells was demonstrated by transwell assays. MiR-15a mimic suppressed cMyb expression to weaken HCC cell migration ability. On the other hand, miR-15a inhibitor upregulated cMyb and induced HCC cell migration. Conclusion: MiR-15a could suppress HCC progression through the repression of cMyb , making miR-15a a potential therapeutic target."	0
"Title: Long non-coding RNA SNHG14 contributes to gastric cancer development through targeting miR-145/SOX9 axis. Abstract: This study aimed to elucidate the roles of long non-coding RNA SNHG14 in gastric cancer development. LncRNA SNHG14 was markedly up-regulated in gastric cancer tissues and cells. Knockdown of SNHG14 significantly inhibited SGC-7901 cell viability, migration, invasion, and promoted cell apoptosis. In addition, miR-145 was negatively regulated by SNHG14 and the effects of SNHG14 knockdown on cell viability, apoptosis, migration, invasion, and the expression of apoptosis-related proteins and EMT-markers were reversed by inhibition of miR-145 at the same time. Furthermore, SOX9 was verified as a functional target of miR-145, and miR-145 regulated tumor malignant behaviors through regulating SOX9. Besides, knockdown of SNHG14 inhibited the expression of p-PI3 K, p-AKT, and p-mTOR and promoted PTEN expression, where miR-145 inhibition had opposite effects. Moreover, the activated PI3 K/AKT/mTOR pathway caused by miR-145 inhibition was counteracted after knockdown of SOX9. Our findings indicate that up-regulation of lncRNA SNHG14 may contribute to gastric cancer development via targeting miR-145/SOX9 axis and involving in PI3 K/AKT/mTOR pathway. SNHG14-miR-145/SOX9 axis may be a promising therapeutic strategy for gastric cancer treatment."	0
"Title: Lidocaine inhibits cervical cancer cell proliferation and induces cell apoptosis by modulating the lncRNA-MEG3/miR-421/BTG1 pathway. Abstract: This study aimed to explore the effect of lidocaine on the growth of cervical cancer cells (HeLa) and the underlying molecular mechanisms. Cell counting kit-8 (CCK-8) and flow cytometry (FCM) were used to detect the cell viability and apoptosis of cervical cancer cells after lidocaine treatment. Lidocaine inhibited cell viability and promoted apoptosis in HeLa cells. Long noncoding RNA maternally expressed gene 3 (lncRNA-MEG3) was significantly downregulated in cervical cancer cells, and lidocaine increased the expression of lncRNA-MEG3 in HeLa cells. Quantitative reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR), CCK-8, and FCM assays were used to test indicators. MEG3-shRNA promoted the cell viability and inhibited apoptosis, while the effect of lidocaine was the opposite. The effects of lidocaine on HeLa cells were reversed by MEG3-shRNA. The level of miR-421 in cervical cancer and normal cervical cells was detected using qRT-PCR. The MEG3-plasmid could inhibit cell viability and induce cell apoptosis, but these effects were reversed by miR-421 upregulation. Hence, lidocaine suppressed tumor growth by regulating cell viability and inducing apoptosis. The results indicated that BTG anti-proliferation factor 1 (BTG1) was a direct target of miR-421. HeLa cells were transfected with inhibitor control, miR-421 inhibitor, control-shRNA, or BTG1-shRNA. The negative effects of the miR-421 inhibitor or knockdown BTG1 on cell viability and apoptosis were identified using CCK-8 assay and FCM. The miR-421 inhibitor improved cervical cancer progression by regulating BTG1 expression. The results suggested that lidocaine inhibited the growth of cervical cancer cells by modulating the lncRNA-MEG3/miR-421/BTG1 signaling pathway, providing opportunities for treating cervical cancer."	0
"Title: Serum miR-1181 and miR-4314 associated with ovarian cancer: MiRNA microarray data analysis for a pilot study. Abstract: This study aims to identify serum microRNAs (miRNAs) related to ovarian cancer. Study design: MiRNA profiling data (GSE79943) were generated from the Gene Expression Omnibus, including 3 serum samples from healthy individuals and 4/3/16/6 serum samples from patients with ovarian cancer stage I/II/III/IV. Differentially expressed miRNAs (DEmiRNAs) were identified between controls and ovarian cancer stage I/II/III/IV by using limma package (p-value <0.05 and |log 2 fold change| ?0.5). miRWALK2.0 database was used to find experiment-validated targets of DEmiRNAs, and CTD database was utilized to screen known genes related to ovarian cancer. clusterProfiler package was used to perform pathway enrichment analysis of DEmiRNAs. Targets of DEmiRNAs were validated by using GSE40595, involving 8 normal ovarian stroma, 31 ovarian cancer stroma, 6 human ovarian surface epthelium, and 32 ovarian tumor epthelial component. Results: Between stage I/II/III/IV and control, 39/143/29/39 DEmiRNAs were identified, which were regarded as key miRNAs. Between 4 DEmiRNA sets, 15 common DEmiRNAs were identified (e.g. up-regulated hsa-miR-1181 and hsa-miR-4314). Hsa-miR-1181 participated in ""Jak-STAT signaling pathway"" and ""miRNAs in cancer""; hsa-miR-4314 took part in cancer-related pathways. STAT3 and KRAS, known marker genes of ovarian cancer, were targeted by hsa-miR-1181 and hsa-miR-4314, respectively. Besides, FOXP1 was targeted by hsa-miR-1181; FOXP1-AS1 and FOXP1-IT1 were down-regulated in ovarian cancer. GRWD1, IP6K1, and NEGR1 were targeted by hsa-miR-4314; GRWD1, IP6K1, and NEGR1 were down-regulated in ovarian tumor. Conclusion: MiR-1181 and miR-4314 might promote ovarian tumorigenesis via down-regulating FOXP1 and GRWD1/IP6K1/NEGR1, respectively. In addition, the 15 common DEmiRNAs might provide directions for ovarian cancer diagnosis."	0
"Title: Over-expression of miR-145 enhances the effectiveness of HSVtk gene therapy for malignant glioma. Abstract: This study attempts to combine two findings toward developing a rational strategy for improved therapy for glioma. One of the findings, made in this pre-clinical study, is that an hTERT-targeting ribozyme-controlled HSVtk gene (hTERT.Rz.HSVtk) exerts anti-tumor effects. The second observation is that the over-expression of a small noncoding RNA, miR-145, causes down-regulation of metastasis-related genes, such as PLAUR, SPOCK3, ADAM22, SLC7A5 and FASCN1. While blocking in vivo tumor growth only slightly, over-expression of miR-145 significantly inhibits both the migration and invasion of U87MG/U373MG glioma cells. We hypothesized that a simultaneous adenoviral-mediated over-expression of miR-145 might enhance the anti-tumor effects of hTERT.Rz.HSVtk and that a combination therapy with miR-145 and the HSVtk gene would be an effective approach for treating glioma. We tested this by developing adenoviral vectors that over-express miR-145 under the CMV promoter and employing them in combination with hTERT.Rz.HSVtk expression, both in vitro and in vivo in animal studies. We found that the adenovirus Ad5CMV.Rz.HSVtk.miR145 harboring an HSVtk expression cassette plus miR-145 produced prolonged survival benefits compared to administration of Ad5CMV.Rz.HSVtk or Ad5CMV.miR-145 alone. This study demonstrates that combination therapy using the hTERT.Rz.HSVtk gene together with miR-145 over-expression produces enhanced anti-tumor effects compared to that resulting from hTERT.Rz.HSVtk gene therapy alone."	0
"Title: Integrated genomic analysis of triple-negative breast cancers reveals novel microRNAs associated with clinical and molecular phenotypes and sheds light on the pathways they control. Abstract: This study focuses on the analysis of miRNAs expression data in a cohort of 181 well characterised breast cancer samples composed primarily of triple-negative (ER/PR/HER2-negative) tumours with associated genome-wide DNA and mRNA data, extensive patient follow-up and pathological information. Results: We identified 7 miRNAs associated with prognosis in the triple-negative tumours and an additional 7 when the analysis was extended to the set of all ER-negative cases. miRNAs linked to an unfavourable prognosis were associated with a broad spectrum of motility mechanisms involved in the invasion of stromal tissues, such as cell-adhesion, growth factor-mediated signalling pathways, interaction with the extracellular matrix and cytoskeleton remodelling. When we compared different intrinsic molecular subtypes we found 46 miRNAs that were specifically expressed in one or more intrinsic subtypes. Integrated genomic analyses indicated these miRNAs to be influenced by DNA genomic aberrations and to have an overall influence on the expression levels of their predicted targets. Among others, our analyses highlighted the role of miR-17-92 and miR-106b-25, two polycistronic miRNA clusters with known oncogenic functions. We showed that their basal-like subtype specific up-regulation is influenced by increased DNA copy number and contributes to the transcriptional phenotype as well as the activation of oncogenic pathways in basal-like tumours. Conclusions: This study analyses previously unreported miRNA, mRNA and DNA data and integrates these with pathological and clinical information, from a well-annotated cohort of breast cancers enriched for triple-negative subtypes. It provides a conceptual framework, as well as integrative methods and system-level results and contributes to elucidate the role of miRNAs as biomarkers and modulators of oncogenic processes in these types of tumours."	0
"Title: miR-148b Functions as a Tumor Suppressor by Targeting Endoplasmic Reticulum Metallo Protease 1 in Human Endometrial Cancer Cells. Abstract: This study investigated the tumor-suppressive role of miR-148b in regulating endoplasmic reticulum metalloprotease 1 (ERMP1) expression and the oxidative stress response in endometrial cancer cells. Human endometrial cancer RL95-2 cells were used and transfected with miR-148b mimic, miR-148b inhibitor, or their scrambled negative control. Thereafter, the transfection efficiency was determined by RT-qPCR, and cell proliferation was assessed by MTT assay. The dual-luciferase reporter assay, Western blot, and RT-qPCR were conducted to determine the target gene of miR-148b. ERMP1 is a putative target of miR-148b, and thereby the overexpression and downregulation of ERMP1 on the proliferation of RL95-2 cells were assessed. Next, the expressions of hypoxia-inducible factor 1 (HIF-1) and nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2 (Nrf2) were analyzed by Western blot. Intracellular reactive oxygen species (ROS) was determined using dichlorofluorescin diacetate (DCFDA). Results showed that differential expression of miR-148b or ERMP1 was observed in normal endometrial tissues and endometrial cancerous tissues. Enhanced expression of miR-148b effectively inhibited proliferation of RL95-2 cells. ERMP1 was the target of miR-148b. ERMP1 silencing obviously suppressed proliferation of RL95-2 cells. Thus, miR-148b repressed cell proliferation, likely through downregulating ERMP1. Furthermore, it was observed that miR-148b significantly decreased expression of HIF-1 and Nrf2 by downregulating ERMP1. The intracellular ROS level was enhanced by miR-148b via downregulating ERMP1. To conclude, our results suggested that miR-148b suppressed cell proliferation and regulated the oxidative stress response in human endometrial cancer RL95-2 cells by inhibiting ERMP1."	0
"Title: US assessment of HPV types in cancers: implications for current and 9-valent HPV vaccines. Abstract: This study sought to determine the prevaccine type-specific prevalence of human papillomavirus (HPV)-associated cancers in the United States to evaluate the potential impact of the HPV types in the current and newly approved 9-valent HPV vaccines. Methods: The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention partnered with seven US population-based cancer registries to obtain archival tissue for cancers diagnosed from 1993 to 2005. HPV testing was performed on 2670 case patients that were fairly representative of all participating cancer registry cases by age and sex. Demographic and clinical data were evaluated by anatomic site and HPV status. Current US cancer registry data and the detection of HPV types were used to estimate the number of cancers potentially preventable through vaccination. Results: HPV DNA was detected in 90.6% of cervical, 91.1% of anal, 75.0% of vaginal, 70.1% of oropharyngeal, 68.8% of vulvar, 63.3% of penile, 32.0% of oral cavity, and 20.9% of laryngeal cancers, as well as in 98.8% of cervical cancer in situ (CCIS). A vaccine targeting HPV 16/18 potentially prevents the majority of invasive cervical (66.2%), anal (79.4%), oropharyngeal (60.2%), and vaginal (55.1%) cancers, as well as many penile (47.9%), vulvar (48.6%) cancers: 24 858 cases annually. The 9-valent vaccine also targeting HPV 31/33/45/52/58 may prevent an additional 4.2% to 18.3% of cancers: 3944 cases annually. For most cancers, younger age at diagnosis was associated with higher HPV 16/18 prevalence. With the exception of oropharyngeal cancers and CCIS, HPV 16/18 prevalence was similar across racial/ethnic groups. Conclusions: In the United States, current vaccines will reduce most HPV-associated cancers; a smaller additional reduction would be contributed by the new 9-valent vaccine."	0
"Title: MicroRNA 25, microRNA 145, and microRNA 210 as biomarkers for predicting the efficacy of maintenance treatment with pemetrexed in lung adenocarcinoma patients who are negative for epidermal growth factor receptor mutations or anaplastic lymphoma kinase translocations. Abstract: This study was conducted to evaluate microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers for use in predicting the efficacy of maintenance therapy with pemetrexed in patients with stage IIIb or IV lung adenocarcinoma and who had already received first-line treatment with pemetrexed plus platinum. Patients who were negative for epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) mutations or anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) translocations were assigned to a pemetrexed group and an observation group. Patients in the pemetrexed group (n = 76) received maintenance treatment with pemetrexed (500 mg/m(2), once every 21 days) plus best supportive care. Patients in the observation group (n = 72) agreed to receive only best supportive care until disease progression. Blood samples were collected from all patients in both groups before treatment and were used to detect expression levels of various miRNAs in serum by the Reverse Transcription-Polymerase Chain Reaction (RT-PCR) method. The expression levels of miR-25, miR-145, and miR-210 were significantly different in the 2 groups of patients. Furthermore, the median progression-free survival (PFS) times for patients in the pemetrexed and observation groups were 4.5 and 2.9 months, respectively. The PFS times among patients in the pemetrexed group varied significantly and were related to patient expression levels of miR-25, miR-145, and miR-210, whereas patients in the observation group showed no differences in PFS time. Our data suggest miR-25, miR-145, and miR-210 as predictors for the efficacy of maintenance treatment with pemetrexed in lung adenocarcinoma patients who were negative for EGFR mutations or ALK translocations."	0
"Title: Pathway-based serum microRNA profiling and survival in patients with advanced stage non-small cell lung cancer. Abstract: This study was designed to identify TGF-? signaling pathway-related serum microRNAs (miRNA) as predictors of survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Serum samples from 391 patients with advanced NSCLC were collected before treatment. Global miRNA microarray expression profiling based on sera from four patients with good survival (>24 months) and four patients with poor survival (<6 months) was used to identify 140 highly expressed serum miRNAs, among which 35 miRNAs had binding sites within the 3'-untranslated regions of a panel of 11 genes in the TGF-? signaling pathway and were assayed by quantitative RT-PCR for their associations with survival in a training (n = 192) and testing set (n = 191). Out of the 35 miRNAs, survival analysis using Cox regression model identified 17 miRNAs significantly associated with 2-year patient survival. MiR-16 exhibited the most statistically significant association: high expression of miR-16 was associated with a significantly better survival [adjusted hazard ratio (HR) = 0.4, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.3-0.5]. A combined 17-miRNA risk score was created that was able to identify patients at the highest risk of death. Those with a high-risk score had a 2.5-fold increased risk of death compared with those with a low risk score (95% CI: 1.8-3.4; P = 1.1 × 10(-7)). This increase in risk of death was corresponding to a 7.8-month decrease in median survival time (P = 9.5 × 10(-14)). Our results suggest that serum miRNAs could serve as predictors of survival for advanced NSCLC."	0
"Title: Combination of plasma microRNAs with serum CA19-9 for early detection of pancreatic cancer. Abstract: This study was performed to identify plasma microRNAs (miRNAs) as diagnostic biomarkers for pancreatic cancer (PCa) and to assess their supplementary role with serum CA19-9 in early identification of tumors. Plasma RNAs were extracted from 140 PCa patients, 111 chronic pancreatitis (CP) patients and 68 normal controls, and the relative abundances of seven miRNAs (miR-16, 21, 155, 181a, 181b, 196a and 210) were measured using real-time PCR. Their diagnostic utility for PCa and correlation with clinical characteristics were analyzed. All seven miRNAs were significantly aberrantly upregulated in the PCa group compared with both the CP and normal groups, between which only four miRNAs (miR-155, 181a, 181b and 196a) were significantly different. Logistic modeling proved that only miR-16 and miR-196a possessed an independent role in discriminating PCa from normal and CP. Furthermore, after including serum CA19-9 in the logistic model, the combination of miR-16, miR-196a and CA19-9 was more effective for discriminating PCa from non-PCa (normal+CP) (AUC-ROC, 0.979; sensitivity, 92.0%; specificity, 95.6%), and for discriminating PCa from CP (AUC-ROC, 0.956; sensitivity, 88.4%; specificity, 96.3%) compared with the miRNA panel (miR-16+miR-196a) or CA19-9 alone. Most significantly, the combination was effective at identification of tumors in Stage 1 (85.2%). In conclusion, plasma miRNAs were effective for distinguishing PCa from non-PCa (normal+CP). The combination of miR-16, miR-196a and CA19-9 was more effective for PCa diagnosis, especially in early tumor screening."	0
"Title: Slicer and the argonautes. Abstract: Though they started out as somewhat mysterious components of the RNAi effector complexes, Argonaute proteins have since taken center stage in RNAi gene silencing. They interact with small RNAs to effect gene silencing in all RNAi-related pathways known so far. We will review the dramatic advances in our understanding of the role of the Argonautes in RNAi through studies of their structure and function."	0
"Title: Calpactins: two distinct Ca++-regulated phospholipid- and actin-binding proteins isolated from lung and placenta. Abstract: Three forms of calpactin, the 36,000 Mr Ca++-binding cytoskeletal protein, were isolated in large amounts from bovine lung and human placenta using cycles of calcium-dependent precipitation followed by solubilization with EGTA-containing buffers. Calpactin-I as a tetramer of heavy (36 kD) and light (11 kD) chains was the predominant form of calpactin isolated, however milligram amounts of the calpactin-I heavy chain monomer and calpactin-II, a related but distinct molecule, were also isolated by this method. Calpactin-II was characterized in some detail and found to bind two Ca++ ions with Kd's of 10 microM in the presence of phosphatidylserine. Both calpactin-I and -II were found to aggregate liposomes at micromolar Ca++ concentrations, suggesting that at least two phospholipid-binding sites are present on these molecules. Both calpactin monomers bind to and bundle actin filament at high (1 mM) but not low (less than 1 microM) Ca++ concentrations. Amino-terminal sequence analysis of a lower molecular mass variant of calpactin-II revealed that this protein was the previously identified human ""lipocortin"" molecule. Antibodies were elicited to calpactin-I and -II and the cell and subcellular distribution of each was compared. Calpactin-II was only present at high levels in tissues (lung, placenta) which contained high levels of calpactin-I. Other tissues (intestine) contained high calpactin-I and undetectable levels of calpactin-II. Double-label immunofluorescence microscopy on human fibroblasts revealed that, like calpactin-I, calpactin-II is present in a submembraneous reticular network, although the distribution of the two calpactins is not identical."	0
"Title: Convergent multi-miRNA targeting of ApoE drives LRP1/LRP8-dependent melanoma metastasis and angiogenesis. Abstract: Through in vivo selection of human cancer cell populations, we uncover a convergent and cooperative miRNA network that drives melanoma metastasis. We identify miR-1908, miR-199a-5p, and miR-199a-3p as endogenous promoters of metastatic invasion, angiogenesis, and colonization in melanoma. These miRNAs convergently target apolipoprotein E (ApoE) and the heat shock factor DNAJA4. Cancer-secreted ApoE suppresses invasion and metastatic endothelial recruitment (MER) by engaging melanoma cell LRP1 and endothelial cell LRP8 receptors, respectively, while DNAJA4 promotes ApoE expression. Expression levels of these miRNAs and ApoE correlate with human metastatic progression outcomes. Treatment of cells with locked nucleic acids (LNAs) targeting these miRNAs inhibits metastasis to multiple organs, and therapeutic delivery of these LNAs strongly suppresses melanoma metastasis. We thus identify miRNAs with dual cell-intrinsic/cell-extrinsic roles in cancer, reveal convergent cooperativity in a metastatic miRNA network, identify ApoE as an anti-angiogenic and metastasis-suppressive factor, and uncover multiple prognostic miRNAs with synergistic combinatorial therapeutic potential in melanoma."	0
"Title: Measurement of gene expression in archival paraffin-embedded tissues: development and performance of a 92-gene reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction assay. Abstract: Throughout the last decade many laboratories have shown that mRNA levels in formalin-fixed and paraffin-embedded (FPE) tissue specimens can be quantified by reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) techniques despite the extensive RNA fragmentation that occurs in tissues so preserved. We have developed RT-PCR methods that are sensitive, precise, and that have multianalyte capability for potential wide use in clinical research and diagnostic assays. Here it is shown that the extent of fragmentation of extracted FPE tissue RNA significantly increases with archive storage time. Probe and primer sets for RT-PCR assays based on amplicons that are both short and homogeneous in length enable effective reference gene-based data normalization for cross comparison of specimens that differ substantially in age. A 48-gene assay used to compare gene expression profiles from the same breast cancer tissue that had been either frozen or FPE showed very similar profiles after reference gene-based normalization. A 92-gene assay, using RNA extracted from three 10- micro m FPE sections of archival breast cancer specimens (dating from 1985 to 2001) yielded analyzable data for these genes in all 62 tested specimens. The results were substantially concordant when estrogen receptor, progesterone receptor, and HER2 receptor status determined by RT-PCR was compared with immunohistochemistry assays for these receptors. Furthermore, the results highlight the advantages of RT-PCR over immunohistochemistry with respect to quantitation and dynamic range. These findings support the development of RT-PCR analysis of FPE tissue RNA as a platform for multianalyte clinical diagnostic tests."	0
"Title: Proteomic analysis of fine-needle aspiration in differential diagnosis of thyroid nodules. Abstract: Thyroid nodules are common in the general population and vary widely in their propensity to harbor thyroid malignancies. The category of follicular lesion of undetermined significance, for instance, carries only a 15% risk of malignancy. The overarching aim of this work was the proteomic study of thyroid cancer because more effort needs to be placed on differentiating malignant thyroid nodules to avoid unnecessary thyroidectomy. We used 2-dimensional electrophoresis coupled to nano-liquid chromatography electrospray ionization tandem mass spectrometry, to examine fine-needle aspiration (FNA), which was easily attainable from the wash of the syringe used for classical FNA biopsy. Overall, we found 25 different proteins able to discriminate benign from malignant samples. The different expression of moesin; annexin A1 (ANXA1); cornulin (CRNN); lactate dehydrogenase; enolase; protein DJ-1; and superoxide dismutase was confirmed in FNA by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay or Western blot. Receiver operating characteristic curves were calculated to investigate the discriminative power of our marker. The best performance in diagnosis was obtained by combining ANXA1, enolase, protein DJ-1, superoxide dismutase, and CRNN. In addition, the most highly ranked proteins, from the perspective of follicular lesion of undetermined significance, were ANXA1 and CRNN. The research of these candidate biomarkers has then been widened to other biological fluids, such as serum and whole saliva. In conclusion, we believe that when a decision by a thyroid nodule biopsy cannot be distinctly made, the combination of our biomarkers may be one of the criteria to be taken into account for the final decision, together with the identification of ANXA1 in serum and saliva."	0
"Title: Role of ADAM17 in the ectodomain shedding of TNF-alpha and its receptors by neutrophils and macrophages. Abstract: TNF-alpha and its receptors TNFRI and TNFRII are cleaved from the surface of leukocytes by a proteolytic process referred to as ectodomain shedding. The role of a disintegrin and metalloproteinase 17 (ADAM17) in this process by the major professional phagocytes neutrophils and macrophages, the primary producers of TNF-alpha during inflammation induction, is based entirely on indirect evidence, and other sheddases have been implicated as well. As Adam17 gene-targeting in mice is lethal, we assessed the protease's relative contribution to TNF-alpha, TNFRI, and TNFRII shedding using radiation chimeric mice with leukocytes lacking functional ADAM17. We report ablated, soluble TNF-alpha, TNFRI, and TNFRII production by neutrophils and macrophages stimulated with various microbial antigens and greatly reduced TNF-alpha levels in vivo following inflammation induction. This is the first simultaneous analysis of TNF-alpha, TNFRI, and TNFRII shedding by neutrophils and macrophages and the first direct evidence that ADAM17 is a primary and nonredundant sheddase."	0
"Title: miR-346 controls release of TNF-? protein and stability of its mRNA in rheumatoid arthritis via tristetraprolin stabilization. Abstract: TNF-? is a major cytokine implicated in rheumatoid arthritis. Its expression is regulated both at the transcriptional and posttranscriptional levels and recent data demonstrated that miRNAs are implicated in TNF-? response in macrophages. LPS-activated FLS isolated from RA patients express TNF-? mRNA but not the mature protein. This prompted us to look for miRNAs which could be implicated in this anti-inflammatory effect. Using a microarray, we found two miRNAs, miR-125b and miR-939 predicted to target the 3'-UTR of TNF-? mRNA, to be up-regulated in RA FLS in response to LPS, but their repression did not restore mature TNF-? expression in FLS. We showed previously that miR-346, which is upregulated in LPS-activated FLS, inhibited Btk expression that stabilized TNF-? mRNA. Blocking miR-346 reestablished TNF-? expression in activated FLS. Interestingly, transfection of miR-346 in LPS-activated THP-1 cells inhibited TNF-? secretion. We also demonstrated that TTP, a RNA binding protein which inhibited TNF-? synthesis, is overexpressed in activated FLS and that inhibition of miR-346 decreases its expression. Conversely, transfection of miR-346 in LPS-activated THP-1 cells increased TTP mRNA expression and inhibited TNF-? release. These results indicate that miR-346 controls TNF-? synthesis by regulating TTP expression."	0
"Title: Dicer is essential for mouse development. Abstract: To address the biological function of RNA interference (RNAi)-related pathways in mammals, we disrupted the gene Dicer1 in mice. Loss of Dicer1 lead to lethality early in development, with Dicer1-null embryos depleted of stem cells. Coupled with our inability to generate viable Dicer1-null embryonic stem (ES) cells, this suggests a role for Dicer, and, by implication, the RNAi machinery, in maintaining the stem cell population during early mouse development."	0
"Title: Decreased annexin I expression in prostatic adenocarcinoma and in high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia. Abstract: To analyse annexin I expression in prostatic carcinoma. Annexin I belongs to a family of structurally related calcium and phospholipid-binding proteins implicated in signal transduction, DNA replication, cell proliferation and apoptosis. The decreased expression of annexin I, II and VII proteins has been reported in different types of cancer. Methods and results: Using immunohistochemistry, we analysed annexin I expression in 77 cases of prostatic adenocarcinoma (Gleason score 6, N = 40; Gleason scores 7-8, N = 27; and Gleason scores 9-10, N = 10) and high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (PIN, N = 50). Immunoreactivity of annexin I in tumour cells was evaluated as negative (< 5% of cells), focally positive (5-25% of cells) or positive (> 25% of cells). In contrast to positive staining in adjacent benign prostatic epithelium, annexin I expression was decreased (focally positive) in 76% of cases of high-grade PIN (P < 0.0001) and was decreased or absent in 81% of prostatic adenocarcinomas (P < 0.0001). Annexin I expression in all higher grade tumours (Gleason scores 7-10) was only focally positive or absent. Conclusions: Expression of annexin I inversely correlates with the increasing histological grade of prostatic adenocarcinoma. By showing a progressive loss of annexin I expression in high-grade PIN, intermediate-grade and high-grade cancer, our findings suggest that the loss of annexin I expression occurs early in prostatic tumorigenesis and becomes more prominent throughout tumour progression. The loss of expression of annexin I may serve as a useful marker of prostate cancer development and progression."	0
"Title: Search for the tumor-related proteins of transition cell carcinoma in Taiwan by proteomic analysis. Abstract: To better understand the carcinogenesis of bladder cancer in Taiwan, we utilized the proteomic approach to search for potential biomarkers of transitional cell carcinoma (TCC). Analysis by 2-DE and MS/MS indicated that seven proteins are down-regulated and three proteins up-regulated in grade III samples as compared with those of grade II. Of these deregulated proteins, fatty acid binding proteins, annexin V, heat-shock protein 27, and lactate dehydrogenase have been shown to be associated with bladder cancer. Our studies also found altered expression of a group of proteins that have not been documented previously in bladder cancer, including annexin I, 15-hydroxyprostaglandin dehydrogenase, galectin-1, lysophospholipase and mitochondrial short-chain enoyl-coenzyme A hydratase 1 precursor. These results illustrate a pattern of differential protein expression between low- and high-grade tumors and it may be utilized as the molecular fingerprinting of a subset of bladder cancers. In addition, the present study provides a valuable resource in the study of pathological mechanisms in cancers of urothelial origin. The immunohistochemical staining of grade II and III TCC samples with antiserum to annexin I protein was utilized to confirm that the annexin I protein is up-regulated in grade III TCC."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-145 promotes esophageal cancer cells proliferation and metastasis by targeting SMAD5. Abstract: To clarify the relative expression and molecular function of microRNA (miR)-145 in esophageal cancer and understand its mechanistic involvement in this disease. Material and methods: The relative expression of miR-145 in clinical samples was analyzed using the public GSE43732 dataset. The prognostic analysis with respect to miR-145 expression was performed with Kaplan-Meier plot. Cell viability was measured by MTT assay and the anchorage-independent growth was evaluated by soft agar assay. The migration and invasion of esophageal cancer cells were measured using transwell chamber. The regulatory effect of miR-145 on SMAD5 was determined by dual-luciferase reporter assay. The endogenous SMAD5 protein was measured by Western blot. Results: We demonstrated high expression of miR-145 associated with late stage and unfavorable prognosis of esophageal cancer. Ectopic expression of miR-145 mimic significantly stimulated cell proliferation and anchorage-independent growth. Furthermore, high level of miR-145 significantly promoted both migration and invasion in vitro. Notably, we identified SMAD5 as direct target of miR-145, the suppressed expression of which consequently led to increased cell proliferation and migration/invasion. Conclusion: Our study uncovered the crucial role of miR-145/SMAD5 in esophageal cancer and highlighted its target potential for diagnostic and therapeutic purpose."	0
"Title: Adenovirus p53 gene therapy. Abstract: To date, dysfunctional tumour suppressor genes are the most common genetic lesions identified in human cancers. Functional copies of tumour suppressor genes can be introduced into cancer cells by gene transfer using adenoviral vectors. This approach has been extensively studied in the clinic with intratumoural injection of a replication-defective adenovirus that expresses p53 (Ad-p53). Overexpression of p53 in cancer cells induces growth arrest and apoptosis. Ad-p53 injections have an excellent safety profile, and have mediated tumour regression and growth arrest as monotherapy, or have overcome resistance or increased the effectiveness of radiation therapy and chemotherapy. Expression of the p53 transgene has occurred at high levels and is associated with the activation of other genes in the p53 pathway. These studies indicate proof-of-principle for tumour suppressor gene therapy and represent a new paradigm in targeted therapy."	0
"Title: A microRNA polycistron as a potential human oncogene. Abstract: To date, more than 200 microRNAs have been described in humans; however, the precise functions of these regulatory, non-coding RNAs remains largely obscure. One cluster of microRNAs, the mir-17-92 polycistron, is located in a region of DNA that is amplified in human B-cell lymphomas. Here we compared B-cell lymphoma samples and cell lines to normal tissues, and found that the levels of the primary or mature microRNAs derived from the mir-17-92 locus are often substantially increased in these cancers. Enforced expression of the mir-17-92 cluster acted with c-myc expression to accelerate tumour development in a mouse B-cell lymphoma model. Tumours derived from haematopoietic stem cells expressing a subset of the mir-17-92 cluster and c-myc could be distinguished by an absence of apoptosis that was otherwise prevalent in c-myc-induced lymphomas. Together, these studies indicate that non-coding RNAs, specifically microRNAs, can modulate tumour formation, and implicate the mir-17-92 cluster as a potential human oncogene."	0
"Title: Cell proliferation and invasion ability of human choriocarcinoma cells lessened due to inhibition of Sox2 expression by microRNA-145. Abstract: To date, the mechanism underlying the development of human choriocarcinomas has not been elucidated. It is hypothesized that the Sox2 protein plays a pivotal role in the proliferation and invasion capacity of tumor cells. A microRNA (miR-145) was cloned and used to study the expression of Sox2 and its regulatory effect on the proliferation and invasion capacity of the human choriocarcinoma cell line JAR. In the present study, Sox2 mRNA and protein expression decreased in JAR and JEG-3 cells following transfection with the miR-145 expression virus. Cell proliferation assays indicated that miR-145 expression affected cell cycle regulation and suppressed the proliferation of choriocarcinoma cells in vitro. In addition, xenograft experiments confirmed the suppression of tumor growth in vivo due to cell cycle arrest. Therefore, endogenous mature miR-145 expression may have an important role in the pathogenesis of human choriocarcinomas via interference with the Sox2 target gene by epigenetic modification. This information is of potential significance for the identification of therapeutic targets in human choriocarcinoma."	0
"Title: Dysregulation of annexin I protein expression in high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia and prostate cancer. Abstract: To determine expression levels of annexin I (lipocortin I) in patient-matched benign prostatic epithelium (BPE), high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (HGPIN), and prostate cancer (CaP). EXPERIMETNAL DESIGN: Annexin I protein expression was examined with a standard immunohistochemical protocol in 69 radical prostatectomy specimens, 45 of which also contained HGPIN. Immunostained sections were scored visually by a genitourinary pathologist and mean optical density was measured with digital image analysis. Real-time fluorescence quantitative PCR was used to measure expression levels of annexin I mRNA in patient-matched CaP and BPE from 14 snap-frozen, radical prostatectomy specimens. Results: Annexin I protein expression was reduced in 91% (41/45) of HGPIN lesions and 94% (65/69) of invasive CaP compared with BPE in the same histological section when assessed visually. Mean absorbance was reduced significantly (P < 0.05) in 97.7% (44/45) of HGPIN lesions and 98.5% (68/69) of CaP glands compared with BPE. In 79% of cases (11/14; P < 0.05), mRNA expression was reduced in CaP as compared with patient-matched BPE. Annexin I mRNA and protein expression levels did not correlate with Gleason grade, pathological stage, or race. Conclusions: Down-regulation of annexin I protein expression is a common finding in HGPIN and CaP, suggesting that annexin I dysregulation may be an important early event in CaP initiation. Because mRNA levels are reduced in a high proportion of cases, one likely mechanism for annexin I dysregulation occurs at the level of gene transcription. Results of these studies support a valuable role for a molecular profiling approach to CaP research."	0
"Title: [Expression of miR-130a in cisplatin resistant cell lines of ovarian cancer]. Abstract: To determine the expression of miR-130a in cisplatin resistant cell lines of ovarian cancer and its impact on cisplatin resistance. Methods: Cisplatin resistant ovarian cancer cell lines were established by stepwise selection with gradual increase of cisplatin. MTT assay was applied to indentify the cisplatin resistant cell lines and determine their resistance index. The expression of miR-130a was measured by SYBR green real-time PCR. Results: The resistance index of A2780/CIS1, A2780/CIS2 and SKOV3/CIS was 30.2, 5.3 and 24.5 respectively. The SYBR green real-time PCR showed that miR-130a was over-expressed in all of the cisplatin resistant cell lines (P < 0.05). The expression of miR-130a was 30.51 times higher in A2780/CIS1, 4.87 times higher in A2780/CIS2 and 24.43 times higher in SKOV3/CIS than in their parental cell lines (P < 0.05), which was almost equally reflected in their resistance index. Conclusion: The over expression of miR-130a is associated with cisplatin resistance of ovarian cancer. Inhibiting miR-130a expression may help reverse the cisplatin resistance of ovarian cancer. miR-130a is expected to be a new potential target of genetic therapy for cisplatin resistant ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-200c suppressed cervical cancer cell metastasis and growth via targeting MAP4K4. Abstract: To dissect the functioning mode of miR-200c on cervical cancer cell metastasis and growth and provide therapeutic targets for cervical cancer. Patients and methods: By quantitative Real-time polymerase chain reaction, the miR-200c expression level in 42 pairs of cervical cancer tissue samples and six cervical cancer-derived cell lines were examined. Using miR-200c mimics, we analyzed the effects of miR-200c over-expression on cell proliferation, invasion, and migration. Dual-luciferase activity assay was recruited to examine the potential target gene MAP4K4 that predicted by several databases. Protein level was studied using Western blot. Results: miR-200c expressed significantly lower in cervical cancer tissue samples and cell lines. And over-expression of miR-200c in cervical cancer cells significantly decreased the cell invasion, migration and proliferation abilities. Dual-luciferase and Western blot confirmed MAP4K4 as a target gene of miR-200c. Furthermore, up-regulation of MAP4K4 counteracted the suppressive effect of miR-200c over-expression on cell growth and metastasis. Conclusions: miR-200c could suppress cervical cancer cell proliferation and progression via regulating MAP4K4, which might provide a new target for cervical cancer diagnosis and therapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-124a is a key regulator of proliferation and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 secretion in fibroblast-like synoviocytes from patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Abstract: To elucidate the role of microRNA (miRNA) in the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis (RA), we analyzed synoviocytes from RA patients for their miRNA expression. Methods: Synoviocytes derived from surgical specimens obtained from RA patients were compared with those obtained from osteoarthritis (OA) patients for their expression of a panel of 156 miRNA with quantitative stem-loop reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction. The miRNA whose expression decreased or increased in RA synoviocytes as compared with OA synoviocytes were identified, and their target genes were predicted by computer analysis. We used an in vitro system of enhancing the expression of specific miRNA by transfection of precursors into synoviocytes, and then we performed proliferation, cell cycle, and apoptosis assays, as well as enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays for cytokine production. The effects of transfection on predicted target protein and messenger RNA (mRNA) were then examined by Western blot analysis and luciferase reporter assay. Results: We found that miR-124a levels significantly decreased in RA synoviocytes as compared with OA synoviocytes. Transfection of precursor miR-124a into RA synoviocytes significantly suppressed their proliferation and arrested the cell cycle at the G1 phase. We identified a putative consensus site for miR-124a binding in the 3'-untranslated region of cyclin-dependent kinase 2 (CDK-2) and monocyte chemoattractant protein 1 (MCP-1) mRNA. Induction of miR-124a in RA synoviocytes significantly suppressed the production of the CDK-2 and MCP-1 proteins. Luciferase reporter assay demonstrated that miR-124a specifically suppressed the reporter activity driven by the 3'-untranslated regions of CDK-2 and MCP-1 mRNA. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that miR-124a is a key miRNA in the posttranscriptional regulatory mechanisms of RA synoviocytes."	0
"Title: Annexin A1: A new immunohistological marker of cholangiocarcinoma. Abstract: To evaluate a new immunohistological marker, annexin A1 (ANXA1), in cholangiocarcinoma (CCA) and hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Methods: Expression of ANXA1 protein was investigated in liver tissues from patients with CCA and HCC by immunohistochemistry. Its expression on differences stages of tumor development was investigated in hamster CCA tissues induced by Opisthorchis viverrini and N-nitrosodimethylamine. Moreover, mRNA expression of ANXA1 was assessed in CCA cell lines by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction and silencing of ANXA1 gene expression using small interfering RNA. Results: In human CCA tissue arrays, immunohistochemical analysis revealed that the positive expression of ANXA1 was 94.1% (64/68 cases) consisting of a high expression (66.2%, 45/68 cases) and a low expression (33.8%, 23/68 cases). However, expression of ANXA1 protein was negative in all histologic patterns for HCC (46/46 cases) and healthy individuals (6/6 cases). In hamster with opisthorchiasis-associated CCA, the expression of ANXA1 was observed in the cytoplasm of inflammatory cells, bile duct epithelia and tumor cells. Grading scores of ANXA1 expression were significantly increased with tumor progression. In addition, mRNA expression of ANXA1 significantly increased in all of the various CCA cell lines tested compared to an immortalized human cholangiocyte cell line (MMNK1). Suppressing the ANXA1 gene significantly reduced the matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) 2 and MMP9, and transforming growth factor-? genes, but increased nuclear factor-?B gene expression. Conclusion: ANXA1 is highly expressed in CCA, but low in HCC, suggesting it may serve as a new immunohistochemical marker of CCA. ANXA1 may play a role in opisthorchiasis-associated cholangiocarcinogenesis."	0
"Title: [Hsa-miR-206 inhibits the migration and invasion of breast cancer by targeting Cx43]. Abstract: To explore the effects of hsa-miR-206 on the proliferation, migration and invasion of breast cancer. Methods: The hsa-miR-206 mimics, inhibitors and their paired negative controls were transfected into human breast cancer cell line MDA-MB-231 by liposome. The proliferation of cell was evaluated by CCK-8 and the migration and invasion was detected by Transwell. Matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2), matrix metalloproteinase 9 (MMP-9), breast cancer metastasis-suppressor 1 (BRMS-1) and connexin 43 (Cx43) were detected by both quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) and Western blot. The expression of miR-206 was detected by qPCR. Dual luciferase assay was detected to confirm the specific binding sites of miR-206 and Cx43. Results: (1) The proliferation activity of 206m-group cell (0.74 ± 0.16) was significantly lower than that of control group (1.12 ± 0.23) (t = -3.066, P = 0.037) while that of 206i-group cell (1.43 ± 0.26) was higher than that of control group (0.98 ± 0.14) (t = 3.635, P = 0.022). (2) Transwell tests showed the migration and invasion of 206m-group cell decreased significantly (migration:0.56 ± 0.01 vs 0.63 ± 0.01, t = -23.00, P = 0.002; invasion:0.79 ± 0.01 vs 0.99 ± 0.01, t = -21.200, P = 0.002), but that of 206i-group cell increased significantly (migration:0.97 ± 0.11 vs 0.61 ± 0.09, t = 32.787, P = 0.001; invasion:1.10 ± 0.01 vs 0.93 ± 0.05, t = 5.167, P = 0.035). (3) The expressions of MMP-2,MMP-9 and Cx43 decreased and the expression of BRMS-1 increased in 206m-group cell and vice versa in 206i group. (4) The expression of miR-206 in lymph node-negative group of clinical breast cancer sample was higher than that of lymph node-positive one. And there was statistical difference (Z = -2.098, P = 0.003). And the expression of Cx43 was opposite. (5) Dual luciferase reporter assay confirmed the specific binding sites of hsa-miR-206 and Cx43. Conclusion: Hsa-miR-206 has negative controls of proliferation, migration and invasion of breast cancer cell by targeting Cx43."	0
"Title: miR-145 targets the SOX11 3'UTR to suppress endometrial cancer growth. Abstract: To explore the functions ofSOX(Sex determining Region Y-related HMG-box) family genes in endometrial cancer (EC) and determine the influence of miR-145/SOX11on EC cell functions. The relationship between miR-145 andSOX11was confirmed using TargetScan, miRNA databases and dual-luciferase reporter gene assays. The expression ofSOX11mRNA in tissue specimens was examined using RT-qPCR, whileSOX11protein expression in tissues and cell lines were detected through immunohistochemistry (IHC) and western blotting. After transfection using Lipofectamine 2000, the proliferation, migration, invasion and apoptosis of ECC-1 and HEC-1-A cells were assessed through colony formation, transwell and flow cytometry assays. The correlation ofSOX11expression with the prognosis outcomes of patients was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier analysis and the log-rank test.SOX11showed high expression in EC, which is negatively correlated with a poor prognostic outcome of EC patients. The expression of miR-145 was lower in EC tissues than in adjacent tissues. MiR-145 significantly reduced the expression ofSOX11. In ECC-1 cells, miR-145 suppressed the propagation, migration, and invasion of cells and promoted cell apoptosis. MiR-145 also inhibited the proliferation, migration, and invasion of HEC-1-A cells and facilitated cell apoptosis by inhibitingSOX11. MiR-145 targeted site 3 (3615) of theSOX113'UTR to affect the expression ofSOX11. MiR-145 and its target geneSOX11could serve as diagnostic markers for EC. MiR-145 targets theSOX113'UTR to inhibit its expression and suppress the propagation and metastasis of EC cells."	0
"Title: Lnc RNA SNHG20 participated in proliferation, invasion, and migration of breast cancer cells via miR-495. Abstract: To explore the mechanism of lnc SNHG20 in the regulation of proliferation, invasion, and migration of breast cancer cells. mRNA levels of SNHG20, miR-495, and HER2 were detected by qRT-PCR. Protein level of HER2 was measured by Western blot. Cell proliferation, invasion, and migration were detected by CCK-8 assay, Boyden chamber assay, and Transwell assay. The combination between SNHG20 and miR-495 was confirmed by RNA pull down assay. The combination between miR-495 and HER2 was confirmed by luciferase report assays. We also established breast cancer-bearing mice model and analyzed tumor volumes. Our data showed SNHG20 expression was significantly upregulated, miR-495 expression was significantly downregulated, and HER2 expression was significantly upregulated in breast cancer tissues and cell lines. Besides, SNHG20 promoted the proliferation, invasion, and migration of breast cancer cells. We also found SNHG20 negatively regulated miR-495, and miR-495 could negatively regulate HER2. Moreover, we discovered that SNHG20 regulated HER2 via miR-495. SNHG20 regulated proliferation, invasion, and migration of breast cancer cells via miR-495/HER2. Finally, we confirmed the mechanism of SNHG20 in the regulation of proliferation, invasion, and migration in breast cancer-bearing mice model. SNHG20 regulates HER2 via miR-495 to promote proliferation, invasion, and migration of breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-126 regulates DNA methylation in CD4+ T cells and contributes to systemic lupus erythematosus by targeting DNA methyltransferase 1. Abstract: To identify microRNA genes with abnormal expression in the CD4+ T cells of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) and to determine the role of microRNA-126 (miR-126) in the etiology of SLE. Methods: MicroRNA expression patterns in CD4+ T cells from patients with SLE and healthy control subjects were analyzed by microRNA microarray and stem loop quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR). Luciferase reporter gene assays were performed to identify miR-126 targets. Dnmt1, CD11a, and CD70 messenger RNA and protein levels were determined by real-time qPCR, Western blotting, and flow cytometry. CD11a, CD70, and EGFL7 promoter methylation levels were detected by bisulfite sequencing. IgG levels in T cell-B cell cocultures were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Results: The expression of 11 microRNA was significantly increased or decreased in CD4+ T cells from patients with SLE relative to that in CD4+ T cells from control subjects. Among these, miR-126 was up-regulated, and its degree of overexpression was inversely correlated with Dnmt1 protein levels. We demonstrated that miR-126 directly inhibits Dnmt1 translation via interaction with its 3'-untranslated region, and that overexpression of miR-126 in CD4+ T cells can significantly reduce Dnmt1 protein levels. The overexpression of miR-126 in CD4+ T cells from healthy donors caused the demethylation and up-regulation of genes encoding CD11a and CD70, thereby causing T cell and B cell hyperactivity. The inhibition of miR-126 in CD4+ T cells from patients with SLE had the opposite effects. Expression of the miR-126 host gene EGFL7 was also up-regulated in CD4+ T cells from patients with SLE, possibly in a hypomethylation-dependent manner. Conclusion: Our data suggest that miR-126 regulates DNA methylation in CD4+ T cells and contributes to T cell autoreactivity in SLE by directly targeting Dnmt1."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-136 inhibits cancer stem cell activity and enhances the anti-tumor effect of paclitaxel against chemoresistant ovarian cancer cells by targeting Notch3. Abstract: To identify microRNAs (miRNAs) regulating Notch3 expression in association with paclitaxel resistance, candidate miRNAs targeting Notch3 were predicted using TargetScan. We found that miR-136 directly targets Notch3, and miR-136 was significantly downregulated in OSC tissues relative to normal control tissues, and low expression of miR-136 correlated with poor overall in ovarian cancer patients. Artificial miR-136 overexpression significantly reduced cell viability, proliferation, Cancer stem cell (CSC) spheroid formation, and angiogenesis, and increased apoptosis in paclitaxel-resistant SKpac cells compared with the effects of paclitaxel alone. miR-136 overexpression downregulated cell survival- (survivin, DNA-PK, pS6, S6) and cell cycle- (Cyclin D1, NF-?B) related proteins, and anti-apoptotic proteins (BCL2, and BCL-XL), and upregulated pro-apoptotic proteins (Bim, Bid, and Bax). Taken together, miR-136 targets the Notch3 oncogene and functions as a tumor suppressor. miR-136 overexpression resensitized paclitaxel-resistant ovarian cancer cells and reduced CSC activities, suggesting a promising new target for the treatment of chemoresistant ovarian cancers."	0
"Title: Identification of microRNAs and target genes involved in serous ovarian carcinoma and their influence on survival. Abstract: To identify the expression of key microRNAs and their predicted target genes involved in serous ovarian carcinoma (SOC) and correlation between miRNAs and prognosis. Materials and methods: The authors used quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) to detect the expression of miR-145, miR-143, miR-146a, miR-93, miR-29a, miR-18a, and miR-200a in tissues of 56 primary SOC patients and 30 benign lesion patients. Four protein (MUC1, FAP, MMP2, MMP9) expressions were identified by western blotting and immunohistochemical stain. The Kaplan-Meier method was used to estimate the relationship of these miRNAs with overall survival rate. Results: In SOC tissue, expression of miR-200a, miR-93, miR-146a, and miR-18a were up-regulated, while miR-145, miR-143, miR-29a were down-regulated. MUC1, FAP, MMP2, and MMP9 were overexpressed in SOC. MiR-143 or miR-145 higher expressed patients had significantly higher overall survival (OS) rates, while miR-93 or miR-200a lower expressed patients also had higher OS rates. Discussion: These results suggested that several miRNAs and their regulated target transcripts may have important roles in the initiation and development of SOC. MiR-145/miR-143, miR-200a, and miR-93 could be used as prognostic biomarkers."	0
"Title: Up-regulation of hnRNP A1, Ezrin, tubulin ?-2C and Annexin A1 in sentinel lymph nodes of colorectal cancer. Abstract: To investigate the early metastasis-associated proteins in sentinel lymph node micrometastasis (SLNMM) of colorectal cancer (CRC) through comparative proteome. Methods: Hydrophobic protein samples were extracted from individual-matched normal lymph nodes (NLN) and SLNMM of CRC. Differentially expressed protein spots were detected by two-dimensional electrophoresis and image analysis, and subsequently identified by matrix assisted laser desorption/ionization-time of flight mass spectrometry-mass spectrometry and Western blotting, respectively. Results: Forty proteins were differentially expressed in NLN and SLNMM, and 4 metastasis-concerned proteins highly expressed in SLNMM were identified to be hnRNP A1, Ezrin, tubulin ?-2C and Annexin A1. Further immunohistochemistry staining of these four proteins showed their clinicopathological characteristics in lymph node metastasis of CRC. Conclusion: Variations of hydrophobic protein expression in NLN and SLNMM of CRC and increased expression of hnRNP A1, Ezrin, tubulin ?-2C and Annexin A1 in SLNMM suggest a significantly elevated early CRC metastasis."	0
"Title: Overexpression of annexin 1 in pancreatic cancer and its clinical significance. Abstract: To investigate the expression of annexin I in pancreatic cancer and its relationship with the clinicopathologic factors, and to evaluate its potential clinical significance. Methods: Annexin I expression was analyzed by Western blot and immunohistochemical staining in pancreatic adenocarcinoma and multi-tissue microarrays (MTAs). Results: Western blot analysis showed that annexin I was overexpressed in 84.6% (11/13) pancreatic ductal adenocarcinomas. Immunohistochemistry analysis of pancreatic cancer in MTAs showed that annexin I protein was 71.4%(30/42) positive which was markedly increased compared with that in the tumor matched normal pancreas tissues 18.4%(7/38) (P<0.01). In the meantime, the high expression of annexin 1 was correlated with the poor differentiation of pancreatic adenocarcinoma. Conclusion: Annexin 1 overexpression is a frequent biological marker and correlates with the differentiation of pancreatic cancer during tumorigenesis."	0
"Title: Clinical significance of astrocyte elevated gene-1 expression in human oligodendrogliomas. Abstract: To investigate the expression of astrocyte elevated gene-1 (AEG-1) in human oligodendrogliomas and the association between AEG-1 expression and progression of oligodendrogliomas. Methods: The expression of AEG-1 in normal human oligodendroglial cells, oligodendroglioma cell line, and four pairs of matched oligodendroglioma tissues and their adjacent normal brain tissues was detected by quantitative RT-PCR and western blotting. In addition, AEG-1 protein expression was examined in 75 cases of histologically characterized oligodendrogliomas by immunohistochemistry. Statistical analyses were applied to test for prognostic and diagnostic associations. Results: Western blotting and RT-PCR showed that AEG-1 mRNA and protein were elevated in the oligodendroglioma cell line and significantly upregulated in primary oligodendrogliomas compared with the adjacent non-cancerous brain tissues. Immunohistochemical analysis showed that 51 of 75 (68.0%) paraffin-embedded archival oligodendroglioma samples exhibited high expression of AEG-1. Statistical analysis suggested that upregulation of AEG-1 was significantly correlated with the histological grade of oligodendroglioma (p=0.000) and that patients with high AEG-1 level exhibited shorter survival time (p=0.000). Multivariate analysis revealed that AEG-1 upregulation might be an independent prognostic indicator for the survival of patients with oligodendroglioma. Conclusions: AEG-1 might represent a novel, useful diagnostic and prognostic marker for oligodendroglioma and play a role during the development and progression of the disease."	0
"Title: [Expression and its clinical significance of hsa-miR-155 in serum of endometrial cancer]. Abstract: to investigate the expression of the hsa-miR-155 in serum of endometrial cancer and its clinical significance. Methods: collected 44 cases blood specimens before surgery operation from Sep. 2008 to Dec. 2009, and collected 12 cases blood specimens from the health of volunteers in comparison. Real time quantity PCR was used to detect the expression of hsa-miR-155 in those specimens and analyzed clinical pathological with the expression of hsa-mir-155 in endometrial cancer. Results: the expression of hsa-miR-155 was (3.9 ± 0.7) in endometrial cancer, which was significantly higher than that in control group (P < 0.01). The expressions of hsa-miR-155 were (3.7 ± 0.6), (3.9 ± 0.6) and (3.7 ± 0.6) times in well, moderately and poorly differentiated endometrial cancer, respectively, while there were not significant difference (P > 0.05). The expressions were (3.8 ± 0.6) and (3.9 ± 0.6) times between endometrioid adenocarcinoma and non-endometrioid adenocarcinoma, and there were significant difference (P > 0.05). The expressions were (2.1 ± 0.4) and (5.6 ± 0.8) times in stage I - II and III - IV endometrial cancer, respectively, in which there were significant difference (P < 0.05). The expressions of hsa-miR-155 were (5.5 ± 0.5) and (1.9 ± 0.2) times between lymph node metastasis and without lymph node metastasis in endometrial cancer, in which there were significant difference (P < 0.01). Conclusion: Hsa-miR-155 may play an important role in the proliferation, and metastasis of endometrial cancer, which may be a indicator in the diagnosis and prognosis of endometrial cancer and may be used as a predictive biomarker."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 suppresses gastric cancer cell growth and induces apoptosis by targeting COX-2. Abstract: To investigate the function of microRNA-143 (miR-143) in gastric cancer and explore the target genes of miR-143. Methods: A quantitative real-time reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) analysis was performed to evaluate miR-143 expression in gastric cancer cell lines. After transfecting gastric cancer cells with miR-143-5p and miR-143-3p precursors, Alamar blue and apoptosis assays were used to measure the respective proliferation and apoptosis rates. Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression was determined by real-time RT-PCR and Western blot assays after miR-143 transfection. Reporter plasmids were constructed, and a luciferase reporter assay was used to identify the miR-143 binding site on COX-2. Results: Both miR-143-5p and miR-143-3p were significantly downregulated in multiple gastric cancer cell lines. Forced miR-143-5p and miR-143-3p expression in gastric cancer cells produced a profound cytotoxic effect. MiR-145-5p transfection into gastric cancer cells resulted in a greater growth inhibitory effect (61.23% ± 3.16% vs. 46.58% ± 4.28%, P < 0.05 in the MKN-1 cell line) and a higher apoptosis rate (28.74% ± 1.93% vs. 22.13% ± 3.31%, P < 0.05 in the MKN-1 cell line) than miR-143-3p transfection. Further analysis indicated that COX-2 expression was potently suppressed by miR-143-5p but not by miR-143-3p. The activity of a luciferase reporter construct that contained the 3'-untranslated region (UTR) of COX-2 was downregulated by miR-143-5p (43.6% ± 4.86%, P < 0.01) but not by miR-143-3p. A mutation in the miR-145-5p binding site completely ablated the regulatory effect on luciferase activity, which suggests that there is a direct miR-145-5p binding site in the 3'-UTR of COX-2. Conclusion: Both miR-143-5p and miR-143-3p function as anti-oncomirs in gastric cancer. However, miR-143-5p alone directly targets COX-2, and it exhibits a stronger tumor suppressive effect than miR-143-3p."	0
"Title: MicroRNA miR-21 overexpression in human breast cancer is associated with advanced clinical stage, lymph node metastasis and patient poor prognosis. Abstract: To investigate the global expression profile of miRNAs in primary breast cancer (BC) and normal adjacent tumor tissues (NATs) and its potential relevance to clinicopathological characteristics and patient survival, the genome-wide expression profiling of miRNAs in BC was investigated using a microarray containing 435 mature human miRNA oligonucleotide probes. Nine miRNAs of hsa-miR-21, hsa-miR-365, hsa-miR-181b, hsa-let-7f, hsa-miR-155, hsa-miR-29b, hsa-miR-181d, hsa-miR-98, and hsa-miR-29c were observed to be up-regulated greater than twofold in BC compared with NAT, whereas seven miRNAs of hsa-miR-497, hsa-miR-31, hsa-miR-355, hsa-miR-320, rno-mir-140, hsa-miR-127 and hsa-miR-30a-3p were observed to be down-regulated greater than twofold. The most significantly up-regulated miRNAs, hsa-mir-21 (miR-21), was quantitatively analyzed by TaqMan real-time PCR in 113 BC tumors. Interestingly, among the 113 BC cases, high level expression of miR-21 was significantly correlated with advanced clinical stage (P = 0.006, Fisher's exact text), lymph node metastasis (P = 0.007, Fisher's exact text), and shortened survival of the patients (hazard ratio [HR]=5.476, P < 0.001). Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed this prognostic impact (HR=4.133, P = 0.001) to be independent of disease stage (HR=2.226, P = 0.013) and histological grade (HR=3.681, P = 0.033). This study could identify the differentiated miRNAs expression profile in BC and reveal that miR-21 overexpression was correlated with specific breast cancer biopathologic features, such as advanced tumor stage, lymph node metastasis, and poor survival of the patients, indicating that miR-21 may serve as a molecular prognostic marker for BC and disease progression."	0
"Title: Quality Indicators and Survival Outcome in Stage IIIB-IVB Epithelial Ovarian Cancer Treated at a Single Institution. Abstract: To investigate the overall survival rate, quality indicators and treatment outcome in FIGO stage IIIB-IVB epithelial ovarian cancer at a University Hospital in Sweden between 2006 and 2015. Materials and methods: A cohort of 110 patients was followed-up for 3-12 years after cancer diagnosis. Three main groups (primary surgery, neoadjuvant chemotherapy, palliative treatment), and six subgroups were defined according to treatment modality. Results: The mean age was 65 years. Patients were observed for a mean of 50 months. The total resection frequency was 83%. Significant differences in overall survival at 5 years were observed between the groups varying from 60% to 12%. Conclusion: Patient age, tumor stage and complete tumor removal at surgery were significant, independent prognostic factors of overall survival. Complication rate was a significant adverse prognostic factor in univariate analysis. Data discrepancy was observed between public quality reports and locally obtained data."	0
"Title: In vivo imaging of miR-221 biogenesis in papillary thyroid carcinoma. Abstract: To investigate the overexpression of miR-221 in papillary thyroid carcinoma (PTC), we developed a Gaussia luciferase (Gluc) system regulated by miR-221. Procedures: Quantities of primary or mature miR-221 in normal thyroid cells (HT-ori3) and in PTC (NPA, TPC-1) were measured by quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Cytomegalovirus (CMV)/Gluc-3xPT_miR221, which included three perfect complementary target sequences repeats of miR221 in the 3'-untranslated region of Gluc, was transfected into cells with pre-miR-221 or anti-miR-221 and Gluc activities were then compared in vitro and in vivo. Results: Primary or mature miR-221 were overexpressed in PTC as compared with HT-ori3. In cells transfected with the Gaussia luciferase reporter system (CMV/Gluc-3xPT_miR221), Gluc activities were regulated according to miR-221 levels in vitro and in vivo. Conclusions: These results suggest that the devised CMV/Gluc-3xPT_miR221 system may be a useful tool for monitoring quantities of endogenous miR-221 in cells or living organisms."	0
"Title: MiR-1182 inhibited metastasis and proliferation of ovarian cancer by targeting hTERT. Abstract: To investigate the potential effect of miR-1182 on the development of ovarian cancer and the relevant mechanism. Patients and methods: The expression levels of miR-1182 were detected in ovarian cancer tissues and cells (SKOV3) comparing with corresponding adjacent normal tissues and normal ovarian cell (IOSE80). Luciferase assay was performed to evaluate the interaction between miR-1182 and hTERT. The effects of the miR-1182/hTERT axis on SKOV3 cells were determined by subsequent experiments including cell proliferation, expression level of hTERT, the invasion and metastasis detection. Results: miR-1182 was found repressed in ovarian cancer tissues and we got the same results at the cellular level. In order to research potential target of miR-1182, we checked it in three publicly available algorithms, TargetScan, miRDB and microRNA. We found that hTERT is a direct target of miR-1182, and luciferase assays confirmed our hypothesis. The subsequent experiments showed that decreased expression of hTERT resulting from the up-regulation of miR-1182 could decelerate cell proliferation, invasion, and metastasis in ovarian cancer cells. Conclusions: Our research discovers the suppressor function of miR-1182 in ovarian cancer by targeting hTERT, revealing that miR-1182/hTERT axis may be a potential therapeutic target for the treatment of ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: [Correlation of miR-155 on formalin-fixed paraffin embedded tissues with invasiveness and prognosis of breast cancer]. Abstract: To investigate the potential use of miR-155 as novel breast cancer biomarker. Methods: There were 88 breast cancer patients underwent modified mastectomy and had detailed clinical follow-up information. Extracting RNA from the formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) samples, miR-155 levels were quantified by real-time-PCR. miR-155 levels among clinico-pathological variables were accessed by Mann Whitney-U test. Overall survival curve was derived from Kaplan-Meier estimates and the curve was compared by Log-rank test. Cox regression analysis was used for multivariate analysis. All statistical tests were two-sided. Results: Significantly higher miR-155 level was found in tumor tissue compared to paired normal tissue (t = 6.75, P = 0.000). A potential relationship between miR-155 levels and existing clinico-pathological parameters of breast cancer, such as menstrual status, tumor size, nodal involvement, stage of disease, hormone receptor status, HER-2 status, histological grade or tumor subtype was investigated. Up-regulated miR-155 level was observed in breast cancer with lymph node metastasis, pT3+4, advanced TNM stage, HER-2 positive and with vascular invasion (Z = -6.320 to -2.041, P = 0.000 to 0.041). When considering 2(-?Ct) = 4.87 (median level) as cut-off value, patients with miR-155 up-regulation showed a positive association towards a shorter overall survival (?(2) = 6.396, P = 0.011). In Cox multivariate analysis, miR-155 expression on FFPE was shown an inverse trend for outcomes of breast cancer (HR = 1.58, 95%CI: 0.87 - 3.16, P = 0.082). Conclusions: miR-155, as an oncomir, promotes lymph node involvement and vascular invasion and accompanies over-expressed HER-2 on breast cancer FFPE tissue. It suggests that miR-155 could predict the invasiveness."	0
"Title: Involvement of microRNA-21 in mediating chemo-resistance to docetaxel in androgen-independent prostate cancer PC3 cells. Abstract: To investigate whether microRNA-21 was involved in mediating the chemoresistance of prostate cancer cells to docetaxel. Methods: A microarray technique was used to determine the miRNA profile in docetaxel-resistant PC3 cells. Real-time PCR was used to confirm the array results. miR-21 mimics and inhibitors were synthesized and introduced to cells using Lipofectamine 2000. Cell proliferation was examined with the CCK-8 assay. Luciferase reporter containing PDCD 3'UTR was constructed and the activity was detected by a dual luciferase assay. PDCD4 protein expression was evaluated using Western blot. Results: A docetaxel-resistant prostate cancer PC3 cell line (PC3R) was established . Using microarrays, miR-21 was found to be up-regulated in PC3R cells. Ectopic expression of miR-21 increased the resistance to docetaxel in PC3 wild type cells. In contrast, silencing of miR-21 in PC3R cells sensitized the cells to docetaxel. The IC(50) values for miR-21-silencing cells and control cells were 28.31 and 35.89 nmol/L, respectively. PDCD4, a direct target gene of miR-21, could mediate chemoresistance to docetaxel in PC3 cells. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that miR-21 contributed to the resistance of PC3 cells to docetaxel, and that targeting miR-21 may offer a promising therapeutic approach in sensitizing prostate cancer to docetaxel treatment."	0
"Title: Ovarian Cancer: An Integrated Review. Abstract: To provide an overview of the risk factors, modifiable and non-modifiable, for ovarian cancer as well as prevention, diagnostic, treatment, and long-term survivorship concerns. This article will also examine current and future clinical trials surrounding ovarian cancer. Data sources: A review of articles dated 2006-2018 from CINAHL, UpToDate, and National Comprehensive Cancer Network guidelines. Conclusion: There is no screening test for ovarian cancer and with diagnosis often in the late stages, recurrence is high in this population. Early identification can range from knowing the vague symptoms associated with the cancer to prophylactic surgical removal of at-risk tissue. Standard treatment for ovarian cancer is surgery followed by combination chemotherapy. Although advances are being made, ovarian cancer remains the most fatal female gynecologic cancer. Implications for nursing practice: Becoming familiar with and educating women about risk factors and the elusive symptoms of ovarian cancer can increase patient autonomy and advocacy, as well as potentially improve patient outcomes for those affected by ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Identification of Annexin A1 protein expression in human gastric adenocarcinoma using proteomics and tissue microarray. Abstract: To study the differential expression of Annexin A1 (ANXA1) protein in human gastric adenocarcinoma. This study was also designed to analyze the relationship between ANXA1 expression and the clinicopathological parameters of gastric carcinoma. Methods: Purified gastric adenocarcinoma cells (GAC) and normal gastric epithelial cells (NGEC) were obtained from 15 patients with gastric cancer by laser capture microdissection. All of the peptide specimens were labeled as ¹?O/¹?O after trypsin digestion. Differential protein expressions were quantitatively identified between GAC and NGEC by nanoliter-reverse-phase liquid chromatography-mass/mass spectrometry (nano-RPLC-MS/MS). The expressions of ANXA1 in GAC and NGEC were verified by western blot analysis. The tissue microarray containing the expressed ANXA1 in 75 pairs of gastric carcinoma and paracarcinoma specimens was detected by immunohistochemistry (IHC). The relationship between ANXA1 expression and clinicopathological parametes of gastric carcinoma was analyzed. Results: A total of 78 differential proteins were identified. Western blotting revealed that ANXA1 expression was significantly upregulated in GAC (2.17/1, P < 0.01). IHC results showed the correlations between ANXA1 protein expression and the clinicopathological parameters, including invasive depth (T stage), lymph node metastasis (N stage), distant metastasis (M stage) and tumour-lymph node metastasis stage (P < 0.01). However, the correlations between ANXA1 protein expression and the remaining clinicopathological parameters, including sex, age, histological differentiation and the size of tumour were not found (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The upregulated ANXA1 expression may be associated with carcinogenesis, progression, invasion and metastasis of GAC. This protein could be considered as a biomarker of clinical prognostic prediction and targeted therapy of GAC."	0
"Title: MiR-200a and miR-200b target PTEN to regulate the endometrial cancer cell growth in vitro. Abstract: To study whether miR-200a and miR-200b target PTEN gene expression to regulate the endometrial cancer cell growth in vitro. Methods: Endometrial cancer cells ECC-1 were cultured and transfected with the miR-200a and miR-200b mimics and inhibitors as well as the negative control mimics and inhibitors, and then the cell proliferation activity as well as the expression of PTEN and downstream genes in cells was determined; after transfection of miR-200a and miR-200b mimics as well as PTEN-3'UTR luciferase report gene plasmids, the fluorescence activity of luciferase reporter gene was determined. Results: 12 h, 24 h and 48 h after transfection, the cell proliferation activity of miR-200a mimics group and miR-200b mimics group were significantly higher than those of NC mimics group while the cell proliferation activity of miR-200a inhibitor group and miR-200b inhibitor group were significantly lower than those of NC inhibitor group; 48 h after transfection, PTEN expression in cells and PTEN-3'UTR luciferase reporter gene fluorescence activity of miR-200a mimics group and miR-200b mimics group were significantly lower than those of NC mimics group while p-PI3K and p-Akt expression were significantly higher than those of NC mimics group; PTEN expression in cells and PTEN-3'UTR luciferase reporter gene fluorescence activity of miR-200a inhibitor group and miR-200b inhibitor group were significantly higher than those of NC inhibitor group while p-PI3K and p-Akt expression were significantly lower than those of NC inhibitor group. Conclusion: miR-200a and miR-200b can promote the endometrial cancer cell growth in vitro by targeted inhibition of PTEN gene expression."	0
"Title: Loss of annexin A1 expression in human breast cancer detected by multiple high-throughput analyses. Abstract: To test the efficacy of combined high-throughput analyses (HTA) in target gene identification, screening criteria were set using >fivefold difference by microarray and statistically significant changes (p<0.01) in SAGE and EST. Microarray analysis of two normal and seven breast cancer samples found 129 genes with >fivefold changes. Further SAGE and EST analyses of these genes identified four qualified genes, ERBB2, GATA3, AGR2, and ANXA1. Their expression pattern was validated by RT-PCR in both breast cell lines and tissue samples. Loss of ANXA1 in breast cancer was further confirmed at mRNA level by Human Breast Cancer Tissue Profiling Array and at protein level by immunohistochemical staining. This study demonstrated that combined HTA effectively narrowed the number of genes for further study, while retaining the sensitivity in identifying biologically important genes such as ERBB2 and ANXA1. A distinctive loss of ANXA1 in breast cancer suggests its involvement in maintaining normal breast biology."	0
"Title: PEGylated PAMAM dendrimers as a potential drug delivery carrier: in vitro and in vivo comparative evaluation of covalently conjugated drug and noncovalent drug inclusion complex. Abstract: To understand more about the influence of the types of interaction between drug and PEGylated PAMAM dendrimers on the in vitro and in vivo behavior of drug, methotrexate (MTX) was coupled to PEGylated or non-PEGylated generation 4 PAMAM (G4) through complexing drug within the dendritic architecture and covalently conjugated onto the surface of the dendrimer, respectively. PAMAM was first modified with PEG(5000) chains at three different degrees of substitution. The ability of PEGylated G4 complexing MTX was higher than that of non-PEGylated one. MTX-G4 and MTX-G4-PEG conjugates were synthesized via amide linkages. MTX was readily released from all complexes in isotonic solution, while the conjugates hardly released MTX in the same medium and keep stable in human plasma and the lysosomal medium. There were no obvious differences between complexes and free MTX in cytotoxicity against KB cell line, whereas the conjugates showed the relatively low activity. In vivo study in rodents found that the MTX-G4-PEG conjugate exhibited significantly prolonged blood residence time and the strongest antitumor effects, as compared with MTX-G4, the complexes and MTX. The results indicated that the covalent attachment of drug to PEGylated PAMAM could be more effective for targeted drug delivery."	0
"Title: Topical delivery of siRNA-based spherical nucleic acid nanoparticle conjugates for gene regulation. Abstract: Topical application of nucleic acids offers many potential therapeutic advantages for suppressing genes in the skin, and potentially for systemic gene delivery. However, the epidermal barrier typically precludes entry of gene-suppressing therapy unless the barrier is disrupted. We now show that spherical nucleic acid nanoparticle conjugates (SNA-NCs), gold cores surrounded by a dense shell of highly oriented, covalently immobilized siRNA, freely penetrate almost 100% of keratinocytes in vitro, mouse skin, and human epidermis within hours after application. Significantly, these structures can be delivered in a commercial moisturizer or phosphate-buffered saline, and do not require barrier disruption or transfection agents, such as liposomes, peptides, or viruses. SNA-NCs targeting epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR), an important gene for epidermal homeostasis, are > 100-fold more potent and suppress longer than siRNA delivered with commercial lipid agents in cultured keratinocytes. Topical delivery of 1.5 uM EGFR siRNA (50 nM SNA-NCs) for 3 wk to hairless mouse skin almost completely abolishes EGFR expression, suppresses downstream ERK phosphorylation, and reduces epidermal thickness by almost 40%. Similarly, EGFR mRNA in human skin equivalents is reduced by 52% after 60 h of treatment with 25 nM EGFR SNA-NCs. Treated skin shows no clinical or histological evidence of toxicity. No cytokine activation in mouse blood or tissue samples is observed, and after 3 wk of topical skin treatment, the SNA structures are virtually undetectable in internal organs. SNA conjugates may be promising agents for personalized, topically delivered gene therapy of cutaneous tumors, skin inflammation, and dominant negative genetic skin disorders."	0
"Title: Exosomes in cancer development, metastasis, and drug resistance: a comprehensive review. Abstract: Trafficking of biological material across membranes is an evolutionary conserved mechanism and is part of any normal cell homeostasis. Such transport is composed of active, passive, export through microparticles, and vesicular transport (exosomes) that collectively maintain proper compartmentalization of important micro- and macromolecules. In pathological states, such as cancer, aberrant activity of the export machinery results in expulsion of a number of key proteins and microRNAs resulting in their misexpression. Exosome-mediated expulsion of intracellular drugs could be another barrier in the proper action of most of the commonly used therapeutics, targeted agents, and their intracellular metabolites. Over the last decade, a number of studies have revealed that exosomes cross-talk and/or influence major tumor-related pathways, such as hypoxia-driven epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition, cancer stemness, angiogenesis, and metastasis involving many cell types within the tumor microenvironment. Emerging evidence suggests that exosome-secreted proteins can also propel fibroblast growth, resulting in desmoplastic reaction, a major barrier in effective cancer drug delivery. This comprehensive review highlights the advancements in the understanding of the biology of exosomes secretions and the consequence on cancer drug resistance. We propose that the successful combination of cancer treatments to tackle exosome-mediated drug resistance requires an interdisciplinary understanding of these cellular exclusion mechanisms, and how secreted biomolecules are involved in cellular cross-talk within the tumor microenvironment."	0
"Title: Evolution, biogenesis and function of promoter-associated RNAs. Abstract: Transcription initiation is a tightly controlled process that involves chromatin modifications and nucleosome remodelling, transcription factor binding, and the assembly and recruitment of the RNA Polymerase II (RNAPII) complex. Recent studies have reported a diversity of long and short RNAs derived from eukaryotic promoters, which may be involved in transcription regulation. Here we review these species with particular attention to the features and biogenesis of transcription initiation RNAs (tiRNAs), a class of 18 nucleotide small RNA conserved from insects to mammals. We also report and discuss the observation that tiRNAs are not present in plants and are not clearly expressed in the nematode C. elegans. We suggest that tiRNAs may be intimately connected RNAPII backtracking, nucleosome marking, and gene regulation."	0
"Title: A novel role for microRNA-129-5p in inhibiting ovarian cancer cell proliferation and survival via direct suppression of transcriptional co-activators YAP and TAZ. Abstract: Transcriptional co-activator Yes-associated protein (YAP) and transcriptional co-activator with PDZ-binding motif (TAZ) are key oncogenes in mammalian cells. Activities of YAP and TAZ are largely restricted by the Hippo tumor suppressor pathway through phosphorylation-ubiquitination mechanisms. The involvement of microRNA in cancer progression has recently been reported, though whether they have a role in activating YAP and TAZ in human cancer cells remains unclear. Here, we report a microRNA, miR-129-5p, directly represses YAP and TAZ expression, leading to the inactivation of TEA domain (TEAD) transcription, and the downregulation of Hippo downstream genes, connective tissue growth factor (CTGF) and Cyclin A. Furthermore, we reveal miR-129-5p inhibits ovarian cancer cell proliferation, survival and tumorigenicity, and that downregulation of miR-129-5p in ovarian cancer cells highly correlates with malignant progression and poor survival. Hence, we demonstrate a novel mechanism for YAP and TAZ activation in cancers, indicating not only a potentially pivotal role for miR-129-5p in the progression of ovarian cancer, but also offering new therapeutic strategies to circumvent the disease."	0
"Title: The two-handed E box binding zinc finger protein SIP1 downregulates E-cadherin and induces invasion. Abstract: Transcriptional downregulation of E-cadherin appears to be an important event in the progression of various epithelial tumors. SIP1 (ZEB-2) is a Smad-interacting, multi-zinc finger protein that shows specific DNA binding activity. Here, we report that expression of wild-type but not of mutated SIP1 downregulates mammalian E-cadherin transcription via binding to both conserved E2 boxes of the minimal E-cadherin promoter. SIP1 and Snail bind to partly overlapping promoter sequences and showed similar silencing effects. SIP1 can be induced by TGF-beta treatment and shows high expression in several E-cadherin-negative human carcinoma cell lines. Conditional expression of SIP1 in E-cadherin-positive MDCK cells abrogates E-cadherin-mediated intercellular adhesion and simultaneously induces invasion. SIP1 therefore appears to be a promoter of invasion in malignant epithelial tumors."	0
"Title: Drosophila tsRNAs preferentially suppress general translation machinery via antisense pairing and participate in cellular starvation response. Abstract: Transfer RNA-derived small RNAs (tsRNAs) are an emerging class of small RNAs, yet their regulatory roles have not been well understood. Here we studied the molecular mechanisms and consequences of tsRNA-mediated regulation in Drosophila. By analyzing 495 public small RNA libraries, we demonstrate that most tsRNAs are conserved, prevalent and abundant in Drosophila. By carrying out mRNA sequencing and ribosome profiling of S2 cells transfected with single-stranded tsRNA mimics and mocks, we show that tsRNAs recognize target mRNAs through conserved complementary sequence matching and suppress target genes by translational inhibition. The target prediction suggests that tsRNAs preferentially suppress translation of the key components of the general translation machinery, which explains how tsRNAs inhibit the global mRNA translation. Serum starvation experiments confirm tsRNAs participate in cellular starvation responses by preferential targeting the ribosomal proteins and translational initiation or elongation factors. Knock-down of AGO2 in S2 cells under normal and starved conditions reveals a dependence of the tsRNA-mediated regulation on AGO2. We also validated the repressive effects of representative tsRNAs on cellular global translation and specific targets with luciferase reporter assays. Our study suggests the tsRNA-mediated regulation might be crucial for the energy homeostasis and the metabolic adaptation in the cellular systems."	0
"Title: Pdcd4 suppresses tumor phenotype in JB6 cells by inhibiting AP-1 transactivation. Abstract: Transformation suppressor Pdcd4 is downregulated in transformed (Tx) mouse epidermal JB6 RT101 cells relative to transformation-resistant (P-) and susceptible (P+) variants. Whether Pdcd4 downregulation is necessary not only to induce transformation but also to maintain tumor phenotypes has not been determined previously. In the present study, overexpression of Pdcd4 cDNA in stably transfected RT101 cells resulted in 40% fewer anchorage-independent colonies that were smaller in size than the vector control colonies, indicating that elevated Pdcd4 expression is sufficient to suppress tumor phenotype. Transient transfection of Pdcd4 expression plasmid and 4 x AP-1 reporter gene showed that activation of AP-1-dependent transcription was inhibited by Pdcd4 expression in a concentration-dependent manner. In contrast, Pdcd4 did not inhibit serum response element-dependent transcription, indicating specificity. In a Gal4 fusion assay, Pdcd4 specifically inhibited activation of c-Jun and c-Fos activation domains, but did not inhibit activation of JunB, JunD, Fra-1, or Fra-2. Gel mobility shift assay demonstrated that c-Jun is the major component detected in the AP-1 complex in RT101 cells. Previous studies suggested that AP-1 activity is required for maintaining the transformed phenotype in RT101 cells. Thus, Pdcd4 suppresses tumor phenotype by inhibiting AP-1-dependent transcription, possibly through inhibiting c-Jun and c-Fos activation."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-155 is regulated by the transforming growth factor beta/Smad pathway and contributes to epithelial cell plasticity by targeting RhoA. Abstract: Transforming growth factor beta (TGF-beta) signaling facilitates metastasis in advanced malignancy. While a number of protein-encoding genes are known to be involved in this process, information on the role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in TGF-beta-induced cell migration and invasion is still limited. By hybridizing a 515-miRNA oligonucleotide-based microarray library, a total of 28 miRNAs were found to be significantly deregulated in TGF-beta-treated normal murine mammary gland (NMuMG) epithelial cells but not Smad4 knockdown NMuMG cells. Among upregulated miRNAs, miR-155 was the most significantly elevated miRNA. TGF-beta induces miR-155 expression and promoter activity through Smad4. The knockdown of miR-155 suppressed TGF-beta-induced epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT) and tight junction dissolution, as well as cell migration and invasion. Further, the ectopic expression of miR-155 reduced RhoA protein and disrupted tight junction formation. Reintroducing RhoA cDNA without the 3' untranslated region largely reversed the phenotype induced by miR-155 and TGF-beta. In addition, elevated levels of miR-155 were frequently detected in invasive breast cancer tissues. These data suggest that miR-155 may play an important role in TGF-beta-induced EMT and cell migration and invasion by targeting RhoA and indicate that it is a potential therapeutic target for breast cancer intervention."	0
"Title: Targeting Stat3 and Smad7 to restore TGF-? cytostatic regulation of tumor cells in vitro and in vivo. Abstract: Transforming Growth Factor-? (TGF-?) and Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF) signaling pathways are both independently implicated as key regulators in tumor formation and progression. Here, we report that the tumor-associated overexpression of epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) desensitizes TGF-? signaling and its cytostatic regulation through specific and persistent Stat3 activation and Smad7 induction in vivo. In human tumor cell lines, reduction of TGF-?-mediated Smad2 phosphorylation, nuclear translocation and Smad3 target gene activation were observed when EGFR was overexpressed, but not in cells that expressed EGFR at normal levels. We identified Stat3, which is activated specifically and persistently by overexpressed EGFR, as a key signaling molecule responsible for the reduced TGF-? sensitivity. Stable knockdown of Stat3 using small hairpin RNA(shRNA) in Head and Neck (HN5) and Epidermoid (A431) tumor cell lines resulted in reduced growth compared with control shRNA-transfected cells when grown as subcutaneous tumor xenografts. Furthermore, xenografts with Stat3 knockdown displayed increased Smad3 transcriptional activity, increased Smad2 phosphorylation and decreased Smad7 expression compared with control xenografts in vivo. Consistently, Smad7 mRNA and protein expression was also significantly reduced when EGFR activity was blocked by a specific tyrosine kinase inhibitor, AG1478, or in Stat3 knockdown tumors. Similarly, Smad7 knockdown also resulted in enhanced Smad3 transcriptional activity in vivo. Importantly, there was no uptake of subcutaneous HN5 xenografts with Smad7 knockdown. Taken together, we demonstrate here that targeting Stat3 or Smad7 for knockdown results in resensitization of TGF-?'s cytostatic regulation in vivo. Overall, these results establish EGFR/Stat3/Smad7/TGF-? signaling axis driving tumor growth, which can be targeted therapeutically."	0
"Title: microRNA-21 modulates cell proliferation and sensitivity to doxorubicin in bladder cancer cells. Abstract: Transitional cell carcinomas (TCCs) of the urinary bladder are common malignancies with a high recurrence rate. Since microRNA-21 (miR-21) may contribute to tumorigenesis and chemoresistance in many cancer types, we aimed to investigate its efficacy in TCCs. The expression of miR-21 and its target PTEN was determined by real-time qRT-PCR and western blotting, respectively in tumor tissues as well as adjacent non-tumor mucosa. The effect of miR-21 on cell proliferation and chemosensitivity to doxorubicin were measured using the MTT method. Cell apoptosis induced by doxorubicin was investigated using flow cytometry in the T24 cell line. BCL-2, AKT and pAKT were detected by western blotting for analysis of potential mechanisms. miR-21 was significantly up-regulated in tumor tissues while PTEN was expressed in lower levels compared to non-tumor tissues. A negative correlation between expression of miR-21 and PTEN was established in vivo. Cell proliferation and chemoresistance to doxorubicin were promoted by overexpression of miR-21 in T24 cells. BCL-2 up-regulation could be achieved by miR-21 overexpression, which prevented T24 cells from apoptosis induced by doxorubicin. Furthermore, the miR-21 induced BCL-2 up-regulation could be cancelled by the PI3K inhibitor LY294002. These data verified the oncogenic role of miR-21 in TCCs and may usher in new therapeutic strategies in treating this disease."	0
"Title: Molecular mechanisms of translational control. Abstract: Translational control is widely used to regulate gene expression. This mode of regulation is especially relevant in situations where transcription is silent or when local control over protein accumulation is required. Although many examples of translational regulation have been described, only a few are beginning to be mechanistically understood. Instead of providing a comprehensive account of the examples that are known at present, we discuss instructive cases that serve as paradigms for different modes of translational control."	0
"Title: Retrotransposons as regulators of gene expression. Abstract: Transposable elements (TEs) are both a boon and a bane to eukaryotic organisms, depending on where they integrate into the genome and how their sequences function once integrated. We focus on two types of TEs: long interspersed elements (LINEs) and short interspersed elements (SINEs). LINEs and SINEs are retrotransposons; that is, they transpose via an RNA intermediate. We discuss how LINEs and SINEs have expanded in eukaryotic genomes and contribute to genome evolution. An emerging body of evidence indicates that LINEs and SINEs function to regulate gene expression by affecting chromatin structure, gene transcription, pre-mRNA processing, or aspects of mRNA metabolism. We also describe how adenosine-to-inosine editing influences SINE function and how ongoing retrotransposition is countered by the body's defense mechanisms."	0
"Title: Changes in serum levels of miR-21, miR-210, and miR-373 in HER2-positive breast cancer patients undergoing neoadjuvant therapy: a translational research project within the Geparquinto trial. Abstract: Trastuzumab and lapatinib are established treatments for patients with HER2 (human epidermal growth factor receptor 2)-positive breast cancer with different mechanisms of action. The focus of this study is to investigate, whether altered expression levels of potentially relevant microRNAs (miRs) in serum are associated with response to trastuzumab or lapatinib. Circulating miR-21, miR-210, and miR-373 were quantified with TaqMan MicroRNA assays in serum of 127 HER2-postive breast cancer patients before and after neoadjuvant therapy and in 19 healthy controls. Patients received chemotherapy combined with either trastuzumab or lapatinib within the prospectively randomized Geparquinto trial. The association between miR levels and pathological response (pCR) to therapy and type of therapy was examined. Serum levels of miR-21 (p = 5.04e-08, p = 1.43e-10), miR-210 (p = 0.00151, p = 1.6e-05), and miR-373 (p = 7.87e-06, p = 1.75e-07) were significantly higher in patients before and after chemotherapy than in healthy women. Concentrations of miR-21 (p = 5.73e-08), miR-210 (p = 0.000724), and miR-373 (p = 0.00209) increased further after chemotherapy. A significant association of higher serum levels of miR-373 with advanced clinical tumor stage could be detected (p < 0.002). An association of miR-21 levels before (p = 0.0091) and after (p = 0.037) chemotherapy with overall survival of the patients could be detected, independent of type of anti-HER2 therapy. No association of circulating miRs with pCR was found. Our findings demonstrate a specific influence of neoadjuvant therapy on the serum levels of miR-21, miR-210, and miR-373 in breast cancer patients together with a prognostic value of miR-21."	0
"Title: Plasma microRNA 210 levels correlate with sensitivity to trastuzumab and tumor presence in breast cancer patients. Abstract: Trastuzumab is part of the standard treatment for patients with human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER-2)-positive breast cancer, but not all patients respond to trastuzumab. Altered microRNA (miR) expression levels in cancer cells have been correlated with prognosis and response to chemotherapy. The authors of this report hypothesized that altered miR expression levels in plasma are associated with sensitivity to trastuzumab in patients with HER-2 positive breast cancer. Methods: Quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction was used to analyze plasma samples, including samples from patients with breast cancer who were enrolled in a clinical trial of neoadjuvant trastuzumab-based chemotherapy. Expression levels of miR-210, miR-21, miR-29a, and miR-126 were analyzed according to the type of response (pathologic complete response [n = 18] vs residual disease [n = 11]). MicroRNA expression levels also were compared in trastuzumab-sensitive and trastuzumab-resistant breast cancer cells derived from BT474 cells and in an independent set of preoperative plasma samples (n = 39) and postoperative plasma samples (n = 30) from 43 breast cancer patients who did not receive any treatment. Results: At baseline before patients received neoadjuvant chemotherapy combined with trastuzumab, circulating miR-210 levels were significantly higher in those who had residual disease than in those who achieved a pathologic complete response (P = .0359). The mean expression ratio for miR-210 was significantly higher in trastuzumab-resistant BT474 cells, and miR-210 expression was significantly higher before surgery than after surgery (P = .0297) and in patients whose cancer metastasized to the lymph nodes (P = .0030). Conclusions: Circulating miR-210 levels were associated with trastuzumab sensitivity, tumor presence, and lymph node metastases. These results suggest that plasma miR-210 may be used to predict and perhaps monitor response to therapies that contain trastuzumab."	0
"Title: Up-regulation of miR-21 mediates resistance to trastuzumab therapy for breast cancer. Abstract: Trastuzumab resistance emerges to be a major issue in anti-human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) therapy for breast cancers. Here, we demonstrated that miR-21 expression was up-regulated and its function was elevated in HER2(+) BT474, SKBR3, and MDA-MB-453 breast cancer cells that are induced to acquire trastuzumab resistance by long-term exposure to the antibody, whereas protein expression of the PTEN gene, a miR-21 target, was reduced. Blocking the action of miR-21 with antisense oligonucleotides re-sensitized the resistant cells to the therapeutic activities of trastuzumab by inducing growth arrest, proliferation inhibition, and G(1)-S cell cycle checking in the presence of the antibody. Ectopic expression of miR-21 in HER2(+) breast cancer cells confers resistance to trastuzumab. Rescuing PTEN expression with a p3XFLAG-PTEN-mut construct with deleted miR-21 targeting sequence at its 3' UTR restored the growth inhibition of trastuzumab in the resistant cells by inducing PTEN activation and AKT inhibition. In vivo, administering miR-21 antisense oligonucleotides restored trastuzumab sensitivity in the resistant breast cancer xenografts by inducing PTEN expression, whereas injection of miR-21 mimics conferred trastuzumab resistant in the sensitive breast tumors via PTEN silence. Up-regulatin of miR-21 in tumor biopsies obtained from patients receiving pre-operative trastuzumab therapy was associated with poor trastuzumab response. Therefore, miR-21 overexpression contributes to trastuzumab resistance in HER2(+) breast cancers and antagonizing miR-21 demonstrates therapeutic potential by sensitizing the malignancy to anti-HER2 treatment."	0
"Title: Therapeutic evaluation of microRNA-15a and microRNA-16 in ovarian cancer. Abstract: Treatment of chemo-resistant ovarian cancer (OvCa) remains clinically challenging and there is a pressing need to identify novel therapeutic strategies. Here we report that multiple mechanisms that promote OvCa progression and chemo-resistance could be inhibited by ectopic expression of miR-15a and miR-16. Significant correlations between low expression of miR-16, high expression of BMI1 and shortened overall survival (OS) were noted in high grade serous (HGS) OvCa patients upon analysis of The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA). Targeting BMI1, in vitro with either microRNA reduced clonal growth of OvCa cells. Additionally, epithelial to mesenchymal transition (EMT) as well as expression of the cisplatin transporter ATP7B were inhibited by miR-15a and miR-16 resulting in decreased degradation of the extra-cellular matrix and enhanced sensitization of OvCa cells to cisplatin. Nanoliposomal delivery of the miR-15a and miR-16 combination, in a pre-clinical chemo-resistant orthotopic mouse model of OvCa, demonstrated striking reduction in tumor burden compared to cisplatin alone. Thus, with the advent of miR replacement therapy some of which are in Phase 2 clinical trials, miR-15a and miR-16 represent novel ammunition in the anti-OvCa arsenal."	0
"Title: Signals from the Metastatic Niche Regulate Early and Advanced Ovarian Cancer Metastasis through miR-4454 Downregulation. Abstract: Treatment of ovarian cancer is limited by extensive metastasis and yet it remains poorly understood. We have studied the critical step of metastatic colonization in the context of the productive interactions with the metastatic microenvironment with a goal of identifying key regulators. By combining miRNA expression analysis using an organotypic 3D culture model of early ovarian cancer metastasis with that of matched primary and metastatic tumors from 42 patients with ovarian cancer, we identified miR-4454 as a key regulator of both early colonization and advanced metastasis in patients with ovarian cancer. miR-4454 was downregulated in the metastasizing ovarian cancer cells through paracrine signals from microenvironmental fibroblasts, which promoted migration, invasion, proliferation, and clonogenic growth in ovarian cancer cells as well as their ability to penetrate through the outer layers of the omentum. Stable overexpression of miR-4454 decreased metastasis in ovarian cancer xenografts. Its mechanism of action was through the upregulation of its targets, secreted protein acidic and cysteine rich (SPARC) and BCL2 associated athanogene 5 (BAG5), which activated focal adhesion kinase (FAK) signaling, promoted mutant p53 gain of function by its stabilization, and inhibited apoptosis. Because microenvironment-induced downregulation of miR-4454 is essential for early and advanced metastasis, targeting it could be a promising therapeutic approach. IMPLICATIONS: This study identifies a miRNA, miR-4454, which is downregulated by signals from the microenvironment and promotes early and advanced ovarian cancer metastasis through its effects on FAK activation, mutant p53 stabilization, and apoptosis inhibition."	0
"Title: Micellar Delivery of miR-34a Modulator Rubone and Paclitaxel in Resistant Prostate Cancer. Abstract: Treatment of prostate cancer with paclitaxel often fails due to the development of chemoresistance caused by downregulation of the tumor suppressor gene miR-34a. In this study, we demonstrate that codelivery of paclitaxel and 2'-hydroxy-2,4,4',5,6'-pentamethoxychalcone (termed rubone) drives upregulation of miR-34a and chemosensitizes paclitaxel-resistant prostate cancer cells, killing both cancer stem-like cells (CSC) and bulk tumor cells. Rubone upregulated miR-34a and reversed its downstream target genes in DU145-TXR and PC3-TXR cells. Paclitaxel and rubone combination therapy inhibited tumor cell growth, migration, and CSC population growth. We synthesized poly(ethylene glycol)-block-poly(2-methyl-2-carboxyl-propylene carbonate-graft-dodecanol; PEG-PCD) to prepare micelles. The drug-loading capacities were 9.70% ± 0.10% and 5.34% ± 0.02% for paclitaxel and rubone, respectively, controlling a drug release of 60.20% ± 2.67% and 60.62% ± 4.35% release of paclitaxel and rubone at 24 hours. Delivery of miR-34a and rubone decreased PC3-TXR cell viability with increasing paclitaxel concentration. Coincubation with a miR-34a inhibitor diminished the effect of rubone. Paclitaxel IC50in PC3 and PC3-TXR cells was 55.6 and 2,580 nmol/L, respectively, but decreased to 49.8 and 93.2 nmol/L when treated in combination with rubone, demonstrating a reversal of paclitaxel resistance by rubone. Systemic administration of micelles carrying paclitaxel and rubone inhibited orthotopic prostate tumor growth in nude mice, compared with monotherapy, by reversing the expression of miR-34a, SIRT1, cyclin D1, and E-cadherin. In summary, our results showed how rubone acts as an efficient small-molecule modulator of miR-34a to reverse chemoresistance and further enhance the therapeutic efficacy of paclitaxel in paclitaxel-resistant prostate cancer.Cancer Res; 77(12); 3244-54. ©2017 AACR."	0
"Title: Nanoparticle-mediated delivery of TGF-?1 miRNA plasmid for preventing flexor tendon adhesion formation. Abstract: Treatment of the disrupted digital flexor tendon is troublesome because of the lack of sufficient healing capacity and the formation of adhesions. Sustained gene delivery may be a promising approach of modulating gene expression in enhancing tendon healing and decreasing adhesions. In this study, a microRNA-based RNAi plasmid was used to specifically silence the expression of TGF-?1 gene associated with scar and adhesion formation in the flexor tendons. The miRNA plasmids were complexed with polylactic-co-glycolic acid (PLGA) nanoparticles to form nanoparticle/TGF-?1 miRNA plasmid (nanoparticle/plasmid) complexes. In vitro and in vivo transfection efficiencies experiments against tenocytes revealed that nanoparticle/plasmid complexes have significantly superior transfection efficiency over the lipofectamine/plasmid complexes. The gene and protein expression associated with adhesion of tendon treated with nanoparticle/plasmid complexes were evaluated by real-time PCR and immunoblotting. The grading of adhesions for tendons treated with nanoparticle/plasmid complexes was less severe than that treated with the nanoparticle/mock plasmid complexes. However, the ultimate strength of repaired tendons treated with nanoparticle/plasmid complexes was significantly lower than that of tendons treated with the nanoparticle/mock plasmid complexes."	0
"Title: microRNA expression profiling identifies a four microRNA signature as a novel diagnostic and prognostic biomarker in triple negative breast cancers. Abstract: Triple Negative Breast Cancers (TNBC) is a heterogeneous disease at the molecular and clinical level with poor outcome. Molecular subclassification of TNBCs is essential for optimal use of current therapies and for development of new drugs. microRNAs (miRNA) are widely recognized as key players in cancer progression and drug resistance; investigation of their involvement in a TNBC cohort may reveal biomarkers for diagnosis and prognosis of TNBC. Here we stratified a large TNBC cohort into Core Basal (CB, EGFR and/or CK5, 6 positive) and five negative (5NP) if all markers are negative. We determined the complete miRNA expression profile and found a subset of miRNAs specifically deregulated in the two subclasses.We identified a 4-miRNA signature given by miR-155, miR-493, miR-30e and miR-27a expression levels, that allowed subdivision of TNBCs not only into CB and 5NP subgroups (sensitivity 0.75 and specificity 0.56; AUC=0.74) but also into high risk and low risk groups. We tested the diagnostic and prognostic performances of both the 5 IHC marker panel and the 4-miRNA expression signatures, which clearly identify worse outcome patients in the treated and untreated subcohorts. Both signatures have diagnostic and prognostic value, predicting outcomes of patient treatment with the two most commonly used chemotherapy regimens in TNBC: anthracycline or anthracycline plus taxanes. Further investigations of the patients overall survival treated with these regimens show that regardless of IHC group subdivision, taxanes addition did not benefit patients, possibly due to miRNA driven taxanes resistance. TNBC subclassification based on the 5 IHC markers and on the miR-155, miR-493, miR-30e, miR-27a expression levels are powerful diagnostic tools. Treatment choice and new drug development should consider this new subtyping and miRNA expression signature in planning low toxicity, maximum efficacy therapies."	0
"Title: lincRNA-RoR and miR-145 regulate invasion in triple-negative breast cancer via targeting ARF6. Abstract: Triple-negative (ER(-), HER2(-), PR(-)) breast cancer (TNBC) is an aggressive disease with a poor prognosis with no available molecularly targeted therapy. Silencing of microRNA-145 (miR-145) may be a defining marker of TNBC based on molecular profiling and deep sequencing. Therefore, the molecular mechanism behind miR-145 downregulation in TNBC was examined. Overexpression of the long intergenic noncoding RNA regulator of reprogramming, lincRNA-RoR, functions as a competitive endogenous RNA sponge in TNBC. Interestingly, lincRNA-RoR is dramatically upregulated in TNBC and in metastatic disease and knockdown restores miR-145 expression. Previous reports suggest that miR-145 has growth-suppressive activity in some breast cancers; however, these data in TNBC indicate that miR-145 does not affect proliferation or apoptosis but instead, miR-145 regulates tumor cell invasion. Investigation of miR-145-regulated pathways involved in tumor invasion revealed a novel target, the small GTPase ADP-ribosylation factor 6 (Arf6). Subsequent analysis demonstrated that ARF6, a known regulator of breast tumor cell invasion, is dramatically upregulated in TNBC and in breast tumor metastasis. Mechanistically, ARF6 regulates E-cadherin localization and affects cell-cell adhesion. These results reveal a lincRNA-RoR/miR-145/ARF6 pathway that regulates invasion in TNBCs. The lincRNA-RoR/miR-145/ARF6 pathway is critical to TNBC metastasis and could serve as biomarkers or therapeutic targets for improving survival."	0
"Title: Circulating cell-free miRNAs as biomarker for triple-negative breast cancer. Abstract: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) accounts for 15-20% of all breast cancer in women globally. This subtype often has early and high recurrence rates resulting in poor survival, partially due to lack of targeted therapies. Therefore, there is an urgent need to identify TNBC-specific biomarkers for early diagnosis and treatment monitoring, and to develop more effective targeted therapy. Methods: By using miRCURY LNA array platform, we compared the differential miRNA expressions in plasma of patient with TNBC (n=5) and non-TNBC (n=5), as well as healthy controls (n=5). Potential miRNAs were then validated in a large cohort of patients by real-time PCR. Results: Ten putative miRNAs from the microarray data that differentially expressed between non-TNBC and healthy controls were identified. In the screening phase (n=90), we selected five miRNAs (miR-92a-3p, miR-342-3p, miR-16, miR-21 and miR-199a-5p) that could discriminate TNBC from non-TNBC for further validation. Results showed that miR-16, miR-21 and miR-199a-5p were underexpressed in TNBC when compared with non-TNBC, and were further validated in a large cohort (n=252). In addition, post-operative plasma levels of miR-16, miR-21 and miR-199a-5p were significantly restored when compared with pre-operative plasma of TNBC. Plasma miR-199a-5p expression in TNBC had significant difference when compared with non-TNBC and healthy controls, the receiver-operator characteristics curve analysis revealed the highest area under curve (AUC=0.8838) among all. The expression levels were associated with TNM stage and tumour subtypes. Conclusions: Our data suggest that miR-199a-5p could be a TNBC-specific marker with diagnostic value and provide insights into targeted therapy in the treatment of TNBC."	0
"Title: A prognostic model of triple-negative breast cancer based on miR-27b-3p and node status. Abstract: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is an aggressive but heterogeneous subtype of breast cancer. This study aimed to identify and validate a prognostic signature for TNBC patients to improve prognostic capability and to guide individualized treatment. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed the prognostic performance of clinicopathological characteristics and miRNAs in a training set of 58 patients with invasive ductal TNBC diagnosed between 2002 and 2012. A prediction model was developed based on independent clinicopathological and miRNA covariates. The prognostic value of the model was further validated in a separate set of 41 TNBC patients diagnosed between 2007 and 2008. Results: Only lymph node status was marginally significantly associated with poor prognosis of TNBC (P = 0.054), whereas other clinicopathological factors, including age, tumor size, histological grade, lymphovascular invasion, P53 status, Ki-67 index, and type of surgery, were not. The expression levels of miR-27b-3p, miR-107, and miR-103a-3p were significantly elevated in the metastatic group compared with the disease-free group (P value: 0.008, 0.005, and 0.050, respectively). The Cox proportional hazards regression analysis revealed that lymph node status and miR-27b-3p were independent predictors of poor prognosis (P value: 0.012 and 0.027, respectively). A logistic regression model was developed based on these two independent covariates, and the prognostic value of the model was subsequently confirmed in a separate validation set. The two different risk groups, which were stratified according to the model, showed significant differences in the rates of distant metastasis and breast cancer-related death not only in the training set (P value: 0.001 and 0.040, respectively) but also in the validation set (P value: 0.013 and 0.012, respectively). Conclusion: This model based on miRNA and node status covariates may be used to stratify TNBC patients into different prognostic subgroups for potentially individualized therapy."	0
"Title: MicroRNA profiling implies new markers of chemoresistance of triple-negative breast cancer. Abstract: Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) patients with truly chemosensitive disease still represent a minority among all TNBC patients. The aim of the present study is to identify microRNAs (miRNAs) that correlate with TNBC chemoresistance. Methods: In this study, we conducted miRNAs profile comparison between triple-negative breast cancer (TNBCs) and normal breast tissues by microRNA array. Quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) was utilized to confirm the specific deregulated miRNAs change trend. We used starBase 2.1 and GOrilla to predict the potential targets of the specific miRNAs. Cells viability and apoptosis assays were employed to determine the effect of alteration of the specific miRNAs in TNBC cells on the chemosensitivity. Results: We identified 11 specific deregulated miRNAs, including 5 up-regulated miRNAs (miR-155-5p, miR-21-3p, miR-181a-5p, miR-181b-5p, and miR-183-5p) and 6 down-regulated miRNAs (miR-10b-5p, miR-451a, miR-125b-5p, miR-31-5p, miR-195-5p and miR-130a-3p). Thereafter, this result was confirmed by qRT-PCR. We predicted the potential targets of the candidate miRNAs and found that they are involved in cancer-associated pathways. For the first time, we found that miR-130a-3p and miR-451a were down-regulated in TNBC. 9 of the 11 specific deregulated miRNAs were found to be associated with chemoresistance. In vitro assays, we found that up-regulation of either miR-130a-3p or miR-451a in MDA-MB-231 cells significantly changed the cells sensitivity to doxorubicin. The results suggest that TNBC chemotherapy might be affected by a cluster of miRNAs. Conclusion: The abnormal expression miRNAs in TNBC are mainly chemoresistance related. This might be part of reason that TNBC likely to evade from chemotherapy resulting in early relapse and high risk of death. To alter their expression status might be a potential therapeutic strategy to improve the outcome of chemotherapy for TNBC patients."	0
"Title: tRNA Fragments Show Intertwining with mRNAs of Specific Repeat Content and Have Links to Disparities. Abstract: tRNA-derived fragments (tRF) are a class of potent regulatory RNAs. We mined the datasets from The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) representing 32 cancer types with a deterministic and exhaustive pipeline for tRNA fragments. We found that mitochondrial tRNAs contribute disproportionally more tRFs than nuclear tRNAs. Through integrative analyses, we uncovered a multitude of statistically significant and context-dependent associations between the identified tRFs and mRNAs. In many of the 32 cancer types, these associations involve mRNAs from developmental processes, receptor tyrosine kinase signaling, the proteasome, and metabolic pathways that include glycolysis, oxidative phosphorylation, and ATP synthesis. Even though the pathways are common to multiple cancers, the association of specific mRNAs with tRFs depends on and differs from cancer to cancer. The associations between tRFs and mRNAs extend to genomic properties as well; specifically, tRFs are positively correlated with shorter genes that have a higher density in repeats, such as ALUs, MIRs, and ERVLs. Conversely, tRFs are negatively correlated with longer genes that have a lower repeat density, suggesting a possible dichotomy between cell proliferation and differentiation. Analyses of bladder, lung, and kidney cancer data indicate that the tRF-mRNA wiring can also depend on a patient's sex. Sex-dependent associations involve cyclin-dependent kinases in bladder cancer, the MAPK signaling pathway in lung cancer, and purine metabolism in kidney cancer. Taken together, these findings suggest diverse and wide-ranging roles for tRFs and highlight the extensive interconnections of tRFs with key cellular processes and human genomic architecture. SIGNIFICANCE: Across 32 TCGA cancer contexts, nuclear and mitochondrial tRNA fragments exhibit associations with mRNAs that belong to concrete pathways, encode proteins with particular destinations, have a biased repeat content, and are sex dependent."	0
"Title: tRNA-derived fragments and tRNA halves: The new players in cancers. Abstract: tRNA-derived fragments (tRFs) and tRNA halves (tiRNAs) are small non-coding RNAs derived from precursor tRNAs or mature tRNAs. Depending on the sources, tRFs can be divided into tRF-1, tRF-2, tRF-3, tRF-5, and i-tRF; tiRNAs can be divided into 5'tiRNA and 3'tiRNA. Both tRFs and tiRNAs play important roles in tumorigenesis. Some tRFs and tiRNAs promote cell proliferation and cell cycle progression by regulating the expression of oncogenes. Other tRFs and tiRNAs inhibit cancer progression. Mechanism studies have shown that tRFs and tiRNAs may bind to RNA binding proteins such as Y-box binding protein 1 (YBX1) and prevent transcription, inactivate initiation factor eIF4G/A, promote translation of ribosomal proteins, or activate aurora kinase A, the regulator of mitosis. Therefore, tRFs and tiRNAs regulate the occurrence and development of cancers, including lung cancer, colorectal cancer, prostate cancer, breast cancer, ovarian cancer, B cell lymphoma, chronic lymphocytic leukemia, etc. This article reviews the classification of tRFs and tiRNAs, their biological functions in the occurrence of cancers, and their relationships with some common cancers. It will provide new ideas for the diagnosis and treatment of cancers."	0
"Title: Presence and diagnostic value of circulating tsncRNA for ovarian tumor. Abstract: tRNA-derived small non-coding RNAs (tsncRNAs), a class of newly defined small non-coding RNA, have been considered to be involved in various cellular biological processes through regulating gene expression at both transcriptional and post-transcriptional level. However, the presence of circulating tsncRNAs and their diagnostic potential is largely unclear. In this study, we investigate the serum-derived public transcriptome data from ovarian tumor patients and non-cancer controls, and find that circulating tsncRNAs cover a high proportion of total small RNA and are non-random degradation products in serum (ranging from 2.5-29.4%), which are enriched in several specific types of related tRNA (e.g., Gly-tRNA). Particularly, four tsncRNAs are differentially expressed in serum from cancer patients compared to those from healthy controls, and can predict abnormal cell proliferation with high accuracy. Our results reveal the ubiquitous presence of circulating tsncRNAs in serum, and diagnostic potential of specific tsncRNAs for ovarian tumor."	0
"Title: Stress induces tRNA cleavage by angiogenin in mammalian cells. Abstract: tRNAs play a central role in protein translation, acting as the carrier of amino acids. By cloning microRNAs, we unexpectedly obtained some tRNA fragments generated by tRNA cleavage in the anticodon loop. These tRNA fragments are present in many cell lines and different mouse tissues. In addition, various stress conditions can induce this tRNA cleavage event in mammalian cells. More importantly, angiogenin (ANG), a member of RNase A superfamily, appears to be the nuclease which cleaves tRNAs into tRNA halves in vitro and in vivo. These results imply that angiogenin plays an important physiological role in cell stress response, except for the known function of inducing angiogenesis."	0
"Title: Neutrophil NADPH-oxidase activation by an annexin AI peptide is transduced by the formyl peptide receptor (FPR), whereas an inhibitory signal is generated independently of the FPR family receptors. Abstract: Truncation of the N-terminal part of the calcium-regulated and phospholipid-binding protein annexin AI has been shown to change the functional properties of the protein and to generate immunoregulatory peptides. Proinflammatory as well as anti-inflammatory signals are triggered by these peptides, and the two formyl peptide receptor (FPR) family members expressed in neutrophils, FPR and FPR-like 1 (FPRL1), have been suggested to transduce these signals. We now report that an annexin AI peptide (Ac9-25) activates, as well as inhibits, the neutrophil release of superoxide anions. Results obtained from experiments with receptor antagonists/inhibitors, desensitized cells, and transfected cells reveal that the Ac9-25 peptide activates the neutrophil reduced nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate oxidase through FPR but not through FPRL1. The Ac9-25 peptide also inhibits the oxidase activity in neutrophils triggered, not only by the FPR-specific agonist N-formyl-Met-Leu-Phe but also by several other agonists operating through different G protein-coupled receptors. Our data show that the two signals generated by the Ac9-25 peptide are transmitted through different receptors, the inhibitory signal being transduced by a not-yet identified receptor distinct from FPR and FPRL1."	0
"Title: miR-143 regulates hexokinase 2 expression in cancer cells. Abstract: Tumor cells activate pathways that facilitate and stimulate glycolysis even in the presence of adequate levels of oxygen in order to satisfy their continuous need of molecules, such as nucleotides, ATP and fatty acids, necessary to support their rapid proliferation. Accordingly, a variety of human tumors are characterized by elevated expression levels of the hexokinase 2 isoform (HK2). Although different molecular mechanisms, including genetic and epigenetic mechanisms, have been suggested to account for the altered expression of HK2 in tumors, the potential role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in the regulation of HK2 expression has not been evaluated. Here, we report that miR-143 inhibits HK2 expression via a conserved miR-143 recognition motif located in the 3'-untranslated region (3'UTR) of HK2 mRNA. We demonstrate that miR143 inhibits HK2 expression both in primary keratinocytes and in head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC)-derived cell lines. Importantly, we found that miR-143 inversely correlates with HK2 expression in HNSCC-derived cell lines and in primary tumors. We also report that the miRNA-dependent regulation of hexokinase expression is not limited to HK2 as miR-138 targets HK1 via a specific recognition motif located in its 3'UTR. All these data unveil a new miRNA-dependent mechanism of regulation of hexokinase expression potentially important in the regulation of glucose metabolism of cancer cells."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-antagonism regulates breast cancer stemness and metastasis via TET-family-dependent chromatin remodeling. Abstract: Tumor cells metastasize to distant organs through genetic and epigenetic alterations, including changes in microRNA (miR) expression. Here we find miR-22 triggers epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT), enhances invasiveness and promotes metastasis in mouse xenografts. In a conditional mammary gland-specific transgenic (TG) mouse model, we show that miR-22 enhances mammary gland side-branching, expands the stem cell compartment, and promotes tumor development. Critically, miR-22 promotes aggressive metastatic disease in MMTV-miR-22 TG mice, as well as compound MMTV-neu or -PyVT-miR-22 TG mice. We demonstrate that miR-22 exerts its metastatic potential by silencing antimetastatic miR-200 through direct targeting of the TET (Ten eleven translocation) family of methylcytosine dioxygenases, thereby inhibiting demethylation of the mir-200 promoter. Finally, we show that miR-22 overexpression correlates with poor clinical outcomes and silencing of the TET-miR-200 axis in patients. Taken together, our findings implicate miR-22 as a crucial epigenetic modifier and promoter of EMT and breast cancer stemness toward metastasis."	0
"Title: Exosomal tumor microRNA modulates premetastatic organ cells. Abstract: Tumor exosomes educate selected host tissues toward a prometastatic phenotype. We demonstrated this for exosomes of the metastatic rat adenocarcinoma BSp73ASML (ASML), which modulate draining lymph nodes and lung tissue to support settlement of poorly metastatic BSp73ASML-CD44v4-v7 knockdown (ASML-CD44v(kd)) cells. Now, we profiled mRNA and microRNA (miRNA) of ASML(wt) and ASML-CD44v(kd) exosomes to define the pathway(s), whereby exosomes prepare the premetastatic niche. ASML exosomes, recovered in draining lymph nodes after subcutaneous injection, preferentially are taken up by lymph node stroma cells (LnStr) and lung fibroblasts (LuFb) that were chosen as exosome targets. ASML(wt) and ASML-CD44v(kd) exosomes contain a restricted mRNA and miRNA repertoire that differs significantly between the two lines and exosomes thereof due to CD44v6 influencing gene and miRNA transcription/posttranscriptional regulation. Exosomal mRNA and miRNA are recovered in target cells, where transferred miRNA significantly affected mRNA translation. Besides others, this was exemplified for abundant ASML(wt)-exosomal miR-494 and miR-542-3p, which target cadherin-17 (cdh17). Concomitantly, matrix metalloproteinase transcription, accompanying cdh17 down-regulation, was upregulated in LnStr transfected with miR-494 or miR-542-3p or co-cultured with tumor exosomes. Thus, tumor exosomes target non-transformed cells in premetastatic organs and modulate premetastatic organ cells predominantly through transferred miRNA, where miRNA from a metastasizing tumor prepares premetastatic organ stroma cells for tumor cell hosting. Fitting the demands of metastasizing tumor cells, transferred exosomal miRNA mostly affected proteases, adhesion molecules, chemokine ligands, cell cycle- and angiogenesis-promoting genes, and genes engaged in oxidative stress response. The demonstration of function-competent exosomal miRNA in host target cells encourages exploiting exosomes as a therapeutic gene delivery system."	0
"Title: CTGF enhances migration and MMP-13 up-regulation via alphavbeta3 integrin, FAK, ERK, and NF-kappaB-dependent pathway in human chondrosarcoma cells. Abstract: Tumor malignancy is associated with several features such as proliferation ability and frequency of metastasis. Connective tissue growth factor (CTGF), a secreted protein that binds to integrins, modulates the invasive behavior of certain human cancer cells. However, the effect of CTGF on migration activity in human chondrosarcoma cells is mostly unknown. Here we found that CTGF increased the migration and expression of matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-13 in human chondrosarcoma cells (JJ012 cells). RGD peptide, alphavbeta3 monoclonal antibody (mAb) and MAPK kinase (MEK) inhibitors (PD98059 and U0126) but not RAD peptide inhibited the CTGF-induced increase of the migration and MMP-13 up-regulation of chondrosarcoma cells. CTGF stimulation increased the phosphorylation of focal adhesion kinase (FAK) and extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK). In addition, treatment of JJ012 cells with NF-kappaB inhibitor (PDTC) or IkappaB protease inhibitor (TPCK) inhibited CTGF-induced cell migration and MMP-13 up-regulation. Stimulation of JJ012 cells with CTGF also induced IkappaB kinase alpha/beta (IKK alpha/beta) phosphorylation, IkappaBalpha phosphorylation, p65 Ser(536) phosphorylation, and kappaB-luciferase activity. The CTGF-mediated increases in kappaB-luciferase activities were inhibited by RGD, PD98059, U0126 or FAK, and ERK2 mutant. Taken together, our results indicated that CTGF enhances the migration of chondrosarcoma cells by increasing MMP-13 expression through the alphavbeta3 integrin, FAK, ERK, and NF-kappaB signal transduction pathway."	0
"Title: Significance of PELP1/HDAC2/miR-200 regulatory network in EMT and metastasis of breast cancer. Abstract: Tumor metastasis is the leading cause of death among breast cancer patients. PELP1 (proline, glutamic acid and leucine rich protein 1) is a nuclear receptor coregulator that is upregulated during breast cancer progression to metastasis and is an independent prognostic predictor of shorter survival of breast cancer patients. Here, we show that PELP1 modulates expression of metastasis-influencing microRNAs (miRs) to promote cancer metastasis. Whole genome miR array analysis using PELP1-overexpressing and PELP1-underexpressing model cells revealed that miR-200 and miR-141 levels inversely correlated with PELP1 expression. Consistent with this, PELP1 knockdown resulted in lower expression of miR-200a target genes ZEB1 and ZEB2. PELP1 knockdown significantly reduced tumor growth and metastasis compared with parental cells in an orthotopic xenograft tumor model. Furthermore, re-introduction of miR-200a and miR-141 mimetics into PELP1-overexpressing cells reversed PELP1 target gene expression, decreased PELP1-driven migration/invasion in vitro and significantly reduced in vivo metastatic potential in a preclinical model of experimental metastasis. Our results demonstrated that PELP1 binds to miR-200a and miR-141 promoters and regulates their expression by recruiting chromatin modifier histone deacetylase 2 (HDAC2) as revealed by chromatin immunoprecipitation, small interfering RNA and HDAC inhibitor assays. Taken together, our results suggest that PELP1 regulates tumor metastasis by controlling the expression and functions of the tumor metastasis suppressors miR-200a and miR-141."	0
"Title: A new role for microRNAs, as ligands of Toll-like receptors. Abstract: Tumor microenvironment plays a central role in the development and dissemination of cancer cells. In addition to study each specific cellular component of the microenvironment, it has become clear that it is the type and amount of information that cells exchange that ultimately affects cancer phenotype. Recently, it has been discovered that intercellular communication occurs through the release of microvesicles and exosomes, whose cargo represents the information released by one cell to a recipient cell. A key component of this cargo is represented by microRNAs (miRNAs), small non-coding RNAs with gene regulatory functions. We discovered that miRNAs released by cancer cells within microvesicles can reach and bind to Toll-like receptors (TLRs) in surrounding immune cells, and activate them in a paracrine loop. As a result, immune cells produce cytokines that increase cell proliferation and metastatic potential. This discovery provides the rationale for the development of new drugs that might be used in the treatment of cancer as well as other inflammation-related diseases."	0
"Title: miR-150 enhances apoptotic and anti-tumor effects of paclitaxel in paclitaxel-resistant ovarian cancer cells by targeting Notch3. Abstract: Tumor recurrence by obtaining chemoresistance is a major obstacle to treating ovarian cancer. By TargetScan database and a luciferase reporter assay, we identified miR-150 directly targetsNotch3, which is a key oncogene in ovarian cancer. We, therefore, investigated the role of miR-150 in ovarian cancer cells, and the usefulness of miR-150 as a therapeutic target in chemoresistant ovarian cancer, through examining miR-150 expression by qRT-PCR in ovarian cancer cell lines and tissues, and assessing the gain-of-function effect by WST, colony forming, TUNEL, wound healing and angiogenesis assays. Western blotting was performed to evaluate its downstream targets. The miR-150 expression was significantly downregulated in ovarian cancers. Treatment with pre-miR-150 significantly inhibited cancer cell proliferation, and induced apoptosis in PTX (paclitaxel) -resistant SKpac cells, which was not seen by PTX only treatment. On spheroid forming assay, an additional pre-miR-150 treatment with PTX decreased cancer stem cell activation in PTX-resistant SKpac cells. An experimental upregulation of miR-150 also decreased cancer cell migration and angiogenesis in SKpac cells. The Notch3 downstream proteins(NICD3 and HEY2), and cell cycle-related proteins (cyclinD3, pS6, and NF-kB), and apoptosis-related proteins (BCL-2 and BCL-W) were significantly downregulated by pre-miR-150 transfection. Taken together, miR-150 is related with PTX-resistance in ovarian cancer, and treatment with pre-miR-150 resensitizes cancer cells to PTX. Therefore, it may be a promising treatment strategy in chemoresistant and recurrent ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Downregulation of miR-342 is associated with tamoxifen resistant breast tumors. Abstract: Tumor resistance to the selective estrogen receptor modulator tamoxifen remains a serious clinical problem especially in patients with tumors that also overexpress HER2. We have recently demonstrated that the clinically important isoform of HER2, HER?16, promotes therapeutically refractory breast cancer including resistance to endocrine therapy. Likewise additional breast tumor cell models of tamoxifen resistance have been developed that do not involve HER2 overexpression. However, a unifying molecular mechanism of tamoxifen resistance has remained elusive. Results: Here we analyzed multiple cell models of tamoxifen resistance derived from MCF-7 cells to examine the influence of microRNAs (miRNAs) on tamoxifen resistance. We compared miRNA expression profiles of tamoxifen sensitive MCF-7 cells and tamoxifen resistant MCF-7/HER2?16 cells. We observed significant and dramatic downregulation of miR-342 in the MCF-7/HER2?16 cell line as well as the HER2 negative but tamoxifen resistant MCF-7 variants TAMR1 and LCC2. Restoring miR-342 expression in the MCF-7/HER2?16 and TAMR1 cell lines sensitized these cells to tamoxifen-induced apoptosis with a dramatic reduction in cell growth. Expression of miR-342 was also reduced in a panel of tamoxifen refractory human breast tumors, underscoring the potential clinical importance of miR-342 downregulation. Towards the goal of identifying direct and indirect targets of miR-342 we restored miR-342 expression in MCF-7/HER2?16 cells and analyzed changes in global gene expression by microarray. The impact of miR-342 on gene expression in MCF-7/HER2?16 cells was not limited to miR-342 in silica predicted targets. Ingenuity Pathways Analysis of the dataset revealed a significant influence of miR-342 on multiple tumor cell cycle regulators. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that miR-342 regulates tamoxifen response in breast tumor cell lines and our clinical data indicates a trend towards reduced miR-342 expression and tamoxifen resistance. In addition, our results suggest that miR-342 regulates expression of genes involved in tamoxifen mediated tumor cell apoptosis and cell cycle progression. Restoring miR-342 expression may represent a novel therapeutic approach to sensitizing and suppressing the growth of tamoxifen refractory breast tumors."	0
"Title: Development of a lung cancer therapeutic based on the tumor suppressor microRNA-34. Abstract: Tumor suppressor microRNAs (miRNA) provide a new opportunity to treat cancer. This approach, ""miRNA replacement therapy,"" is based on the concept that the reintroduction of miRNAs depleted in cancer cells reactivates cellular pathways that drive a therapeutic response. Here, we describe the development of a therapeutic formulation using chemically synthesized miR-34a and a lipid-based delivery vehicle that blocks tumor growth in mouse models of non-small-cell lung cancer. This formulation is effective when administered locally or systemically. The antioncogenic effects are accompanied by an accumulation of miR-34a in the tumor tissue and downregulation of direct miR-34a targets. Intravenous delivery of formulated miR-34a does not induce an elevation of cytokines or liver and kidney enzymes in serum, suggesting that the formulation is well tolerated and does not induce an immune response. The data provide proof of concept for the systemic delivery of a synthetic tumor suppressor mimic, obviating obstacles associated with viral-based miRNA delivery and facilitating a rapid route for miRNA replacement therapy into the clinic."	0
"Title: Smart nanocarrier based on PEGylated hyaluronic acid for cancer therapy. Abstract: Tumor targetability and site-specific drug release of therapeutic nanoparticles are key factors for effective cancer therapy. In this study, poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG)-conjugated hyaluronic acid nanoparticles (P-HA-NPs) were investigated as carriers for anticancer drugs including doxorubicin and camptothecin (CPT). P-HA-NPs were internalized into cancer cells (SCC7 and MDA-MB-231) via receptor-mediated endocytosis, but were rarely taken up by normal fibroblasts (NIH-3T3). During in vitro drug release tests, P-HA-NPs rapidly released drugs when incubated with cancer cells, extracts of tumor tissues, or the enzyme Hyal-1, which is abundant in the intracellular compartments of cancer cells. CPT-loaded P-HA-NPs (CPT-P-HA-NPs) showed dose-dependent cytotoxicity to cancer cells (MDA-MB-231, SCC7, and HCT 116) and significantly lower cytotoxicity against normal fibroblasts (NIH-3T3) than free CPT. Unexpectedly, high concentrations of CPT-P-HA-NPs demonstrated greater cytotoxicity to cancer cells than free CPT. An in vivo biodistribution study indicated that P-HA-NPs selectively accumulated into tumor sites after systemic administration into tumor-bearing mice, primarily due to prolonged circulation in the blood and binding to a receptor (CD44) that was overexpressed on the cancer cells. In addition, when CPT-P-HA-NPs were systemically administrated into tumor-bearing mice, we saw no significant increases in tumor size for at least 35 days, implying high antitumor activity. Overall, P-HA-NPs showed promising potential as a drug carrier for cancer therapy."	0
"Title: Microvesicles secreted by macrophages shuttle invasion-potentiating microRNAs into breast cancer cells. Abstract: Tumor-associated macrophages (TAMs) are alternatively activated cells induced by interleukin-4 (IL-4)-releasing CD4+ T cells. TAMs promote breast cancer invasion and metastasis; however, the mechanisms underlying these interactions between macrophages and tumor cells that lead to cancer metastasis remain elusive. Previous studies have found microRNAs (miRNAs) circulating in the peripheral blood and have identified microvesicles, or exosomes, as mediators of cell-cell communication. Therefore, one alternative mechanism for the promotion of breast cancer cell invasion by TAMs may be through macrophage-secreted exosomes, which would deliver invasion-potentiating miRNAs to breast cancer cells. Results: We utilized a co-culture system with IL-4-activated macrophages and breast cancer cells to verify that miRNAs are transported from macrophages to breast cancer cells. The shuttling of fluorescently-labeled exogenous miRNAs from IL-4-activated macrophages to co-cultivated breast cancer cells without direct cell-cell contact was observed. miR-223, a miRNA specific for IL-4-activated macrophages, was detected within the exosomes released by macrophages and was significantly elevated in the co-cultivated SKBR3 and MDA-MB-231 cells. The invasiveness of the co-cultivated breast cancer cells decreased when the IL-4-activated macrophages were treated with a miR-223 antisense oligonucleotide (ASO) that would inhibit miR-223 expression. Furthermore, results from a functional assay revealed that miR-223 promoted the invasion of breast cancer cells via the Mef2c-?-catenin pathway. Conclusions: We conclude that macrophages regulate the invasiveness of breast cancer cells through exosome-mediated delivery of oncogenic miRNAs. Our data provide insight into the mechanisms underlying the metastasis-promoting interactions between macrophages and breast cancer cells."	0
"Title: The Expression of MicroRNA-155 in Plasma and Tissue Is Matched in Human Laryngeal Squamous Cell Carcinoma. Abstract: Tumor-associated microRNAs have been detected in cancer, though whether plasma microRNA-155 (miR-155) could be a potential biomarker for laryngeal squamous cell carcinoma (LSCC) prognosis is unclear. We aimed to determine how miR-155 can be used to predict the clinical characteristics of patients with LSCC and correctly diagnose them. Materials and methods: We collected tissue samples and peripheral blood samples before and after treatment from 280 LSCC cases and 560 controls. Real-time quantitative reverse transcription PCR was employed in this study to compare the relative expression of miR-155. Results: A total of 280 LSCC patients and 560 age- and sex-matched controls were included in the study. The miR-155 level was more up-regulated in LSCC tissue than in the non-tumor tissues (13.6 ± 2.4 vs. 3.1 ± 0.80, p<0.001). Additionally, a significantly higher miR-155 level in plasma samples from LSCC patients than in those of the controls (8.9 ± 1.25 vs. 1.8 ± 0.8, p<0.001) was reported. Tissue miR-155 showed an area under the curve (AUC) of 0.933, with a sensitivity of 82.6% and a specificity of 89.2%. The AUC for plasma miR-155 was 0.757, with a sensitivity of 58.4% and a specificity of 69.5%. When early LSCC in TNM I stage was considered, tissue miR-155 showed an area under the curve of 0.804, with a sensitivity of 85.2% and a specificity of 87.3%. Conclusion: The expression of tissue and plasma miR-155 were significantly up-regulated in patients with LSCC. Our work will serve as a basis for further investigation, preferably large-scale validation in clinical trials."	0
"Title: Restoration of p53 function leads to tumour regression in vivo. Abstract: Tumorigenesis is a multi-step process that requires activation of oncogenes and inactivation of tumour suppressor genes. Mouse models of human cancers have recently demonstrated that continuous expression of a dominantly acting oncogene (for example, Hras, Kras and Myc) is often required for tumour maintenance; this phenotype is referred to as oncogene addiction. This concept has received clinical validation by the development of active anticancer drugs that specifically inhibit the function of oncoproteins such as BCR-ABL, c-KIT and EGFR. Identifying additional gene mutations that are required for tumour maintenance may therefore yield clinically useful targets for new cancer therapies. Although loss of p53 function is a common feature of human cancers, it is not known whether sustained inactivation of this or other tumour suppressor pathways is required for tumour maintenance. To explore this issue, we developed a Cre-loxP-based strategy to temporally control tumour suppressor gene expression in vivo. Here we show that restoring endogenous p53 expression leads to regression of autochthonous lymphomas and sarcomas in mice without affecting normal tissues. The mechanism responsible for tumour regression is dependent on the tumour type, with the main consequence of p53 restoration being apoptosis in lymphomas and suppression of cell growth with features of cellular senescence in sarcomas. These results support efforts to treat human cancers by way of pharmacological reactivation of p53."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) post-transcriptionally downregulates tumor suppressor Pdcd4 and stimulates invasion, intravasation and metastasis in colorectal cancer. Abstract: Tumor-suppressor Pdcd4 inhibits transformation and invasion and is downregulated in cancers. So far, it has not been studied as to whether miRNAs, suppressing target expression by binding to the 3'-UTR, regulate Pdcd4 or invasion. The present study was conducted to investigate the regulation of Pdcd4, and invasion/intra-vasation, by miRNAs. A bioinformatics search revealed a conserved target-site for miR-21 within the Pdcd4-3'-UTR at 228-249 nt. In 10 colorectal cell lines, an inverse correlation of miR-21 and Pdcd4-protein was observed. Transfection of Colo206f-cells with miR-21 significantly suppressed a luciferase-reporter containing the Pdcd4-3'-UTR, whereas transfection of RKO with anti-miR-21 increased activity of this construct. This was abolished when a construct mutated at the miR-21/nt228-249 target site was used instead. Anti-miR-21-transfected RKO cells showed an increase of Pdcd4-protein and reduced invasion. Moreover, these cells showed reduced intra-vasation and lung metastasis in a chicken-embryo-metastasis assay. In contrast, overexpression of miR-21 in Colo206f significantly reduced Pdcd4-protein amounts and increased invasion, while Pdcd4-mRNA was unaltered. Resected normal/tumor tissues of 22 colorectal cancer patients demonstrated an inverse correlation between miR-21 and Pdcd4-protein. This is the first study to show that Pdcd4 is negatively regulated by miR-21. Furthermore, it is the first report to demonstrate that miR-21 induces invasion/intravasation/metastasis."	0
"Title: The TNF-?-induced expression of miR-130b protects cervical cancer cells from the cytotoxicity of TNF-?. Abstract: Tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-?) is a multifunctional cytokine and has the capacity both to promote cell growth and to kill tumour cells by inducing cell apoptosis. However, many tumour cells develop resistance to the toxic effects of TNF-?. Thus, understanding the mechanism underlying the resistance of tumours to TNF-? toxicity and finding ways to overcome this resistance are urgently needed. In this study, we discovered that two cervical cancer cell lines, Hela and Siha, showed null responses to TNF-? cytotoxicity. However, in these cell lines, TNF-? stimulation promoted the expression of miR-130b and downregulated the expression ofPTENgene, which encodes a dual-specificity phosphatase that acts as a tumour suppressor. Blockade of miR-130b function or overexpression ofPTENgene sensitized cells to TNF-? cytotoxicity. Regression analyses revealed that there were reverse relationships between the cellular levels of miR-130b andPTENmRNA in cervical cancer cells. Gain- and loss-of-function assays demonstrated that there were causal relationships between the increase in miR-130b levels and the reduction inPTENmRNA or PTEN protein levels.In silicoanalysis revealed that there were two miR-130b target sites within the 3'UTR ofPTENmRNA and experimental evidences demonstrated that miR-130b repressed the expression ofPTENgene by binding directly to the 3'UTR ofPTENmRNA. These data suggest miR-130b expression as a target to be inhibited to make tumour cells more sensitive to the toxic impact of TNF-?."	0
"Title: Isolation and genetic characterization of cell-lineage mutants of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans. Abstract: Twenty-four mutants that alter the normally invariant post-embryonic cell lineages of the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans have been isolated and genetically characterized. In some of these mutants, cell divisions fail that occur in wild-type animals; in other mutants, cells divide that do not normally do so. The mutants differ in the specificities of their defects, so that it is possible to identify mutations that affect some cell lineages but not others. These mutants define 14 complementation groups, which have been mapped. The abnormal phenotype of most of the cell-lineage mutants results from a single recessive mutation; however, the excessive cell divisions characteristic of one strain, CB1322, require the presence of two unlinked recessive mutations. All 24 cell-lineage mutants display incomplete penetrance and/or variable expressivity. Three of the mutants are suppressed by pleiotropic suppressors believed to be specific for null alleles, suggesting that their phenotypes result from the complete absence of gene activity."	0
"Title: Analysis of 13 cell types reveals evidence for the expression of numerous novel primate- and tissue-specific microRNAs. Abstract: Two decades after the discovery of the first animal microRNA (miRNA), the number of miRNAs in animal genomes remains a vexing question. Here, we report findings from analyzing 1,323 short RNA sequencing samples (RNA-seq) from 13 different human tissue types. Using stringent thresholding criteria, we identified 3,707 statistically significant novel mature miRNAs at a false discovery rate of ? 0.05 arising from 3,494 novel precursors; 91.5% of these novel miRNAs were identified independently in 10 or more of the processed samples. Analysis of these novel miRNAs revealed tissue-specific dependencies and a commensurate low Jaccard similarity index in intertissue comparisons. Of these novel miRNAs, 1,657 (45%) were identified in 43 datasets that were generated by cross-linking followed by Argonaute immunoprecipitation and sequencing (Ago CLIP-seq) and represented 3 of the 13 tissues, indicating that these miRNAs are active in the RNA interference pathway. Moreover, experimental investigation through stem-loop PCR of a random collection of newly discovered miRNAs in 12 cell lines representing 5 tissues confirmed their presence and tissue dependence. Among the newly identified miRNAs are many novel miRNA clusters, new members of known miRNA clusters, previously unreported products from uncharacterized arms of miRNA precursors, and previously unrecognized paralogues of functionally important miRNA families (e.g., miR-15/107). Examination of the sequence conservation across vertebrate and invertebrate organisms showed 56.7% of the newly discovered miRNAs to be human-specific whereas the majority (94.4%) are primate lineage-specific. Our findings suggest that the repertoire of human miRNAs is far more extensive than currently represented by public repositories and that there is a significant number of lineage- and/or tissue-specific miRNAs that are uncharacterized."	0
"Title: Conservation of the sequence and temporal expression of let-7 heterochronic regulatory RNA. Abstract: Two small RNAs regulate the timing of Caenorhabditis elegans development. Transition from the first to the second larval stage fates requires the 22-nucleotide lin-4 RNA, and transition from late larval to adult cell fates requires the 21-nucleotide let-7 RNA. The lin-4 and let-7 RNA genes are not homologous to each other, but are each complementary to sequences in the 3' untranslated regions of a set of protein-coding target genes that are normally negatively regulated by the RNAs. Here we have detected let-7 RNAs of approximately 21 nucleotides in samples from a wide range of animal species, including vertebrate, ascidian, hemichordate, mollusc, annelid and arthropod, but not in RNAs from several cnidarian and poriferan species, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, Escherichia coli or Arabidopsis. We did not detect lin-4 RNA in these species. We found that let-7 temporal regulation is also conserved: let-7 RNA expression is first detected at late larval stages in C. elegans and Drosophila, at 48 hours after fertilization in zebrafish, and in adult stages of annelids and molluscs. The let-7 regulatory RNA may control late temporal transitions during development across animal phylogeny."	0
"Title: Circulating miRNA-24 and its target YKL-40 as potential biomarkers in patients with coronary heart disease and type 2 diabetes mellitus. Abstract: Type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) is associated with cardiovascular complications and is characterized by high levels of YKL-40, an inflammatory glycoprotein involved in endothelial dysfunction. We investigated the predictive potential of circulating miR-24 in coronary heart diseases (CHD) DM2 patients with CHD, and control subjects. Blood samples were taken from 94 subjects of both genders, and divided over three groups as follows; patients with CHD, patients with DM2 and CHD, and control subjects. Both miR-24 (using real time PCR) and routine parameters were measured. Using bioinformatic analysis and luciferase assays, we found that miR-24 has high complementarity and a high degree of species conservation with respect to the binding sites within the 3' UTR of the YKL-40 mRNA. The expression levels of circulating miR-24, determined by quantitative real time PCR, were significantly decreased in peripheral blood of DM2-CHD and CHD patients compared with controls. Furthermore, miR-24 strongly associated with DM2-CHD, negatively correlated with YKL-40 in DM2-CHD and DM2 patients after conducting multiple regression analysis. These results provide a novel regulatory mechanism of circulating miR-24 in regulating YKL-40 levels in DM2-CHD, may serve as a biomarker for predicting patients with DM2 and CHD."	0
"Title: Ubc9 promotes breast cell invasion and metastasis in a sumoylation-independent manner. Abstract: Ubc9 is an E2-conjugating enzyme that transfers the activated small ubiquitin-like modifier (SUMO) to protein substrates, and thus it has an important function in sumoylation-mediated cellular pathways. We have earlier reported that Ubc9 promotes tumor growth in the xenograft mouse model using breast cancer cell line MCF-7 in part through regulation of Bcl-2 expression. In this study, we show that ectopic expression of wild-type Ubc9 (Ubc9-WT) promotes cell invasion and metastasis. Surprisingly, the dominant negative mutant Ubc9 (Ubc9-DN) also causes the same phenotype, indicating that the ability of Ubc9 to promote invasion and metastasis is distinct from its ability to conjugate SUMO to protein substrates. Of considerable interest, several microRNAs such as miR-224 are regulated by Ubc9. Although ectopic expression of Ubc9 causes downregulation of miR-224, suppression of Ubc9 by Ubc9-siRNAs leads to its upregulation. We further show that miR-224 can inhibit cell invasion and directly targets CDC42 and CXCR4, and that suppression of CDC42 and CXCR4 by RNAi causes inhibition of Ubc9-mediated invasion. Together, these results show a molecular link between Ubc9 and the metastasis genes such as CDC42 and CXCR4, and thus provide new insight into the mechanism by which Ubc9 promotes tumor invasion and metastasis."	0
"Title: The Expression of MicroRNA-598 Inhibits Ovarian Cancer Cell Proliferation and Metastasis by Targeting URI. Abstract: Unconventional prefoldin RPB5 interactor (URI, or RMP, a member of the prefoldin family of molecular chaperones) exhibits oncogenic activity in several types of cancer, including ovarian cancer. However, the underlying regulatory mechanism in ovarian cancer remains unclear. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) negatively regulate gene expression, and their dysregulation has been implicated in tumorigenesis. To elucidate the role of miRNAs in URI-induced ovarian cancer, miR-598 and URI were overexpressed in the SKOV3 ovarian cancer cell line. The CCK8 kit was used to determine cell proliferation, and the Transwell assay was used to measure cell invasion and migration. RT-PCR and western blotting were used to analyze the expression of miR-598 and URI, and the luciferase reporter assay was used to examine the interaction between miR-598 and URI. Nude mice were used to characterize the regulation of tumor growthin vivo. The results showed that the expression of miR-598 inhibited the proliferation, invasion, and migration of ovarian cancer cells by targeting URI. The inhibitory effect of miR-598 was reversed by overexpression of URI. The luciferase reporter assay showed that miR-598 downregulated URI by directly targeting the 3' UTR of URI.In vivostudies showed that the expression of miR-598 significantly inhibited the growth of tumors. Taken together, the results suggested that miR-598 inhibited tumor growth and metastasis by targeting URI."	0
"Title: miR-145 participates with TP53 in a death-promoting regulatory loop and targets estrogen receptor-alpha in human breast cancer cells. Abstract: Understanding the consequences of miR-145 reintroduction in human breast cancer (BC) could reveal its tumor-suppressive functions and may disclose new aspects of BC biology. Therefore, we characterized the effects of miR-145 re-expression in BC cell lines by using proliferation and apoptosis assays. As a result, we found that miR-145 exhibited a pro-apoptotic effect, which is dependent on TP53 activation, and that TP53 activation can, in turn, stimulate miR-145 expression, thus establishing a death-promoting loop between miR-145 and TP53. We also found that miR-145 can downregulate estrogen receptor-alpha (ER-alpha) protein expression through direct interaction with two complementary sites within its coding sequence. In conclusion, we described a tumor suppression function of miR-145 in BC cell lines, and we linked miR-145 to TP53 and ER-alpha. Moreover, our findings support a view that miR-145 re-expression therapy could be mainly envisioned in the specific group of patients with ER-alpha-positive and/or TP53 wild-type tumors."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA panel for early diagnosis of the onset of hepatocellular carcinoma. Abstract: Unique change of circulating microRNAs (miRNAs) was recognized to occur in early oncogenesis, which conferred it the potential as biomarkers for early detection of cancer. However, its diagnostic capability for hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) has not been fully understood. In this study, microarray analysis was applied to screen the initial candidate miRNA from both the supernatants of anoikis-resistant cellular models and the sera samples of HCC patients. The selected differentially expressed miRNAs were further verified in 115 HCC patients and 40 health controls by qRT-PCR. Among these, 4 miRNAs (miR-16-2-3p, 92a-3p, 107, and 3126-5p) were significantly changed in HCC patients compared with controls. Logistic regression analysis identified a 3-miRNA panel (miR-92-3p, miR-107, and miR-3126-5p) as valuable diagnostic marker for HCC, especially for early stage patients (AUC = 0.975) and for low-level AFP HCC patients (AUC = 0.971). In addition, the combination of 3-miRNA panel and AFP was even more effective for discriminating the early stage HCC patients (AUC = 0.988) and low-level AFP HCC patients (AUC = 0.989) from control. In conclusion, diagnostic efficacy of the combination of 3-miRNA panel and AFP was powerful for HCC diagnosis, especially in early tumor screening and low-level AFP patients."	0
"Title: Endogenous tRNA-Derived Fragments Suppress Breast Cancer Progression via YBX1 Displacement. Abstract: Upon exposure to stress, tRNAs are enzymatically cleaved, yielding distinct classes of tRNA-derived fragments (tRFs), yielding distinct classes of tRFs. We identify a novel class of tRFs derived from tRNA(Glu), tRNA(Asp), tRNA(Gly), and tRNA(Tyr) that, upon induction, suppress the stability of multiple oncogenic transcripts in breast cancer cells by displacing their 3' untranslated regions (UTRs) from the RNA-binding protein YBX1. This mode of post-transcriptional silencing is sequence specific, as these fragments all share a common motif that matches the YBX1 recognition sequence. Loss-of-function and gain-of-function studies, using anti-sense locked-nucleic acids (LNAs) and synthetic RNA mimetics, respectively, revealed that these fragments suppress growth under serum-starvation, cancer cell invasion, and metastasis by breast cancer cells. Highly metastatic cells evade this tumor-suppressive pathway by attenuating the induction of these tRFs. Our findings reveal a tumor-suppressive role for specific tRNA-derived fragments and describe a molecular mechanism for their action. This transcript displacement-based mechanism may generalize to other tRNA, ribosomal-RNA, and sno-RNA fragments."	0
"Title: Serum microRNA-221 functions as a potential diagnostic and prognostic marker for patients with osteosarcoma. Abstract: Upregulation of microRNA-221 (miR-221) has been reported to induce the malignant phenotype of human osteosarcoma, suggesting its potential as a therapeutic target for this malignancy. However, the role of miR-221 in diagnosis and prognosis of osteosarcoma has been well less elaborated. Our aim was to investigate the clinicopathological, diagnostic, and prognostic value of miR-221 in human osteosarcoma. Methods: Expression levels of miR-221 in tumor tissues and patients' sera obtained from 108 cases of primary osteosarcomas were detected by quantitative real-time reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Results: Compared with normal controls, the expression levels of miR-221 in osteosarcoma tissues and patients' sera were both dramatically upregulated (both P=0.001). Then, receiver operating characteristics (ROC) analysis showed that serum miR-221 level could efficiently distinguish osteosarcoma patients from healthy controls (Area Under ROC Curve, AUC=0.844). Additionally, the serum level of miR-221 in osteosarcoma patients with positive distance metastasis (P=0.01) and advanced clinical stage (P=0.006) was significantly higher than those without distance metastasis and with early clinical stage. Moreover, we found that high serum miR-221 level was correlated with shorter recurrence-free survival (RFS) and overall survival (OS) than low level (both P=0.001). Multivariate survival analysis confirmed that serum miR-221 level was an independent prognostic factor influencing the survival of patients with osteosarcoma. Conclusion: These findings reveal that miR-221 may play a crucial role in the occurrence and the progression of human osteosarcoma. More importantly, miR-221 may function as a promising marker for screening individuals with osteosarcoma and for identifying individuals with poor prognostic potentials."	0
"Title: The miR-143/-145 cluster regulates plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 in bladder cancer. Abstract: Upregulation of the proto-oncogene plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 (PAI-1) is a common hallmark of various solid tumours, but the mechanisms controlling its expression are not fully understood. Methods: We investigate microRNAs (miRNAs) regulating PAI-1 in a panel of normal bladder urothelial biopsies, superficial Ta bladder tumours and invasive T1-T4 tumours using expression microarrays and qRT-PCR. The prognostic implications of PAI-1 deregulation are established by tissue microarray staining of non-muscle-invasive bladder tumours. MicroRNA repression of PAI-1 is assayed by ectopic miRNA expression, argonaute immunoprecipitation and luciferase assays. Results: We found that the miR-143/-145 cluster is downregulated in all stages of bladder cancer and inversely correlated with PAI-1 expression. Mature miR-143 and miR-145 are coordinately expressed, and both directly target the PAI-1 3'UTR, leading to reduced PAI-1 mRNA and protein levels. Furthermore, we show that PAI-1 and miR-145 levels may serve as useful prognostic markers for non-muscle-invasive bladder tumours for which accurate progressive outcome is currently difficult to predict. Conclusion: This report provides the first evidence for direct miRNA regulation of PAI-1 in bladder cancer. We also demonstrate mRNA co-targeting by a cluster of non-family miRNAs, and suggest miR-145 and PAI-1 as clinically relevant biomarkers in bladder cancer."	0
"Title: A six-microRNA signature predicts survival of patients with uterine corpus endometrial carcinoma. Abstract: Uterine corpus endometrial carcinoma (UCEC) is one of the most common female gynecological malignant tumors that threaten women health seriously. MicroRNAs (miRNAs) has been proved to play critical roles in tumor pathogenesis and malignant progression. In this study, we aimed to explore a novel signature of microRNA expression for predicting the overall survival (OS) of patients with UCEC. The genome-wide miRNA expression profiles and relevant clinical characteristics of 348 patients with UCEC were downloaded from the Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) data portal and analyzed comprehensively. A total of 144 miRNAs were confirmed to be expressed differentially in tumor tissues. Among them, 6 miRNAs (hsa-mir-15a.MIMAT0000068, hsa-mir-142.MIMAT0000433, hsa-mir-142.MIMAT0000434, hsa-mir-3170.MIMAT0015045, hsa-mir-1976.MIMAT0009451, and hsa-mir-146a.MIMAT0000449) were validated to be significantly correlated with the OS of patients with UCEC. The risk indictor established by the 6-microRNA signature was proved be an independent prognostic factor (Hazard ratio = 0.391; 95% CI: 0.195-0.783; P = 0.008). In conclusion, we identified miRNAs that were correlated with the occurrence and progression of UCEC and established a 6-microRNA expression signature as a predictor for the OS of patients with UCEC."	0
"Title: MVH in piRNA processing and gene silencing of retrotransposons. Abstract: VASA is an evolutionarily conserved RNA helicase essential for germ cell development. The mouse PIWI family proteins MILI and MIWI2 are involved in production of Piwi-interacting RNAs (piRNAs) in fetal male germ cells through a ping-pong amplification cycle. Expression of retrotransposons is elevated in MILI- and MIWI2-deficient male germ cells due to defective de novo DNA methylation, which is presumably caused by impaired piRNA expression. Here, we report that essentially the same abnormalities are observed in MVH (mouse VASA homolog)-deficient mice. Comprehensive analysis of piRNAs in MVH-deficient fetal male germ cells showed that MVH plays crucial roles in the early phase of the ping-pong amplification cycle."	0
"Title: The human gene for vascular endothelial growth factor. Multiple protein forms are encoded through alternative exon splicing. Abstract: Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) is an apparently endothelial cell-specific mitogen that is structurally related to platelet-derived growth factor. By Northern blot and protein analyses, we show that VEGF is produced by cultured vascular smooth muscle cells. Analysis of VEGF transcripts in these cells by polymerase chain reaction and cDNA cloning revealed three different forms of the VEGF coding region, as had been reported in HL60 cells. The three forms of the human VEGF protein chain predicted from these coding regions are 189, 165, and 121 amino acids in length. Comparison of cDNA nucleotide sequences with sequences derived from human VEGF genomic clones indicates that the VEGF gene is split among eight exons and that the various VEGF coding region forms arise from this gene by alternative splicing: the 165-amino-acid form of the protein is missing the residues encoded by exon 6, whereas the 121-amino-acid form is missing the residues encoded by exons 6 and 7. Analysis of the VEGF gene promoter region revealed a single major transcription start, which lies near a cluster of potential Sp1 factor binding sites. The promoter region also contains several potential binding sites for the transcription factors AP-1 and AP-2; consistent with the presence of these sites, Northern blot analysis demonstrated that the level of VEGF transcripts is elevated in cultured vascular smooth muscle cells after treatment with the phorbol ester 12-O-tetradecanoyl-phorbol-13-acetate."	0
"Title: Overexpression of miR-145 increases the sensitivity of vemurafenib in drug-resistant colo205 cell line. Abstract: Vemurafenib is a selective and potent small molecule inhibitor of the V600 mutant form of the BRAF protein used in the treatment of melanoma and colorectal cancer. However, vemurafenib has less effect in BRAF mutant colorectal cancer due to the resistance of tumor cell to vemurafenib. To verify whether or not miR-145, a short RNA molecule of microRNA which has been supposed to be a tumor suppressor, is involved in this process, we established vemurafenib-resistant cell line colo205/V and found that the miR-145 expression was significantly downregulated in colo205/V cells compared to normal colo205 cells. Moreover, the overexpression of miR-145 could increase the sensitivity of colo205/V cells to vemurafenib both in vitro and in vivo. In conclusion, miR-145 might be used as a therapeutic target in the treatment of colorectal cancer patients with BRAF V600E mutation."	0
"Title: WAVE3, an actin remodeling protein, is regulated by the metastasis suppressor microRNA, miR-31, during the invasion-metastasis cascade. Abstract: WAVE3, an actin cytoskeleton remodeling protein, is highly expressed in advanced stages of breast cancer and influences tumor cell invasion. Loss of miR-31 has been associated with cancer progression and metastasis. Here, we show that the activity of WAVE3 to promote cancer cell invasion is regulated by miR-31. An inverse correlation was demonstrated between expression levels of WAVE3 and miR-31 in invasive versus noninvasive breast cancer cell lines. miR-31 directly targeted the 3'-UTR of the WAVE3 mRNA and inhibited its expression in the invasive cancer cells, i.e., miR-31-mediated down-regulation of WAVE3 resulted in a significant reduction in the invasive phenotype of cancer cells. This relationship was specific to the loss of WAVE3 expression because re-expression of a miR-31-resistant form of WAVE3 reversed miR-31-mediated inhibition of cancer cell invasion. Furthermore, expression of miR-31 correlates inversely with breast cancer progression in humans, where an increase in expression of miR-31 target genes was observed as the tumors progressed to more aggressive forms. In conclusion, a novel mechanism for the regulation of WAVE3 expression in cancer cells has been identified, which controls the invasive properties of cancer cells. The study also identifies a critical role for WAVE3, downstream of miR-31, in the invasion-metastasis cascade."	0
"Title: microRNA 31 functions as an endometrial cancer oncogene by suppressing Hippo tumor suppressor pathway. Abstract: We aimed to investigate whether MIR31 is an oncogene in human endometrial cancer and identify the target molecules associated with the malignant phenotype. Methods: We investigated the growth potentials of MIR31-overexpressing HEC-50B cells in vitro and in vivo. In order to identify the target molecule of MIR31, a luciferase reporter assay was performed, and the corresponding downstream signaling pathway was examined using immunohistochemistry of human endometrial cancer tissues. We also investigated the MIR31 expression in 34 patients according to the postoperative risk of recurrence. Results: The overexpression of MIR31 significantly promoted anchorage-independent growth in vitro and significantly increased the tumor forming potential in vivo. MIR31 significantly suppressed the luciferase activity of mRNA combined with the LATS2 3'-UTR and consequently promoted the translocation of YAP1, a key molecule in the Hippo pathway, into the nucleus. Meanwhile, the nuclear localization of YAP1 increased the transcription of CCND1. Furthermore, the expression levels of MIR31 were significantly increased (10.7-fold) in the patients (n = 27) with a high risk of recurrence compared to that observed in the low-risk patients (n = 7), and this higher expression correlated with a poor survival. Conclusions: MIR31 functions as an oncogene in endometrial cancer by repressing the Hippo pathway. MIR31 is a potential new molecular marker for predicting the risk of recurrence and prognosis of endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: Dissecting tRNA-derived fragment complexities using personalized transcriptomes reveals novel fragment classes and unexpected dependencies. Abstract: We analyzed transcriptomic data from 452 healthy men and women representing five different human populations and two races, and, 311 breast cancer samples from The Cancer Genome Atlas. Our studies revealed numerous constitutive, distinct fragments with overlapping sequences and quantized lengths that persist across dozens of individuals and arise from the genomic loci of all nuclear and mitochondrial human transfer RNAs (tRNAs). Surprisingly, we discovered that the tRNA fragments' length, starting and ending points, and relative abundance depend on gender, population, race and also on amino acid identity, anticodon, genomic locus, tissue, disease, and disease subtype. Moreover, the length distribution of mitochondrially-encoded tRNAs differs from that of nuclearly-encoded tRNAs, and the specifics of these distributions depend on tissue. Notably, tRNA fragments from the same anticodon do not have correlated abundances. We also report on a novel category of tRNA fragments that significantly contribute to the differences we observe across tissues, genders, populations, and races: these fragments, referred to as i-tRFs, are abundant in human tissues, wholly internal to the respective mature tRNA, and can straddle the anticodon. HITS-CLIP data analysis revealed that tRNA fragments are loaded on Argonaute in a cell-dependent manner, suggesting cell-dependent functional roles through the RNA interference pathway. We validated experimentally two i-tRF molecules: the first was found in 21 of 22 tested breast tumor and adjacent normal samples and was differentially abundant between health and disease whereas the second was found in all eight tested breast cancer cell lines."	0
"Title: Sensitive and specific detection of microRNAs by northern blot analysis using LNA-modified oligonucleotide probes. Abstract: We describe here a new method for highly efficient detection of microRNAs by northern blot analysis using LNA (locked nucleic acid)-modified oligonucleotides. In order to exploit the improved hybridization properties of LNA with their target RNA molecules, we designed several LNA-modified oligonucleotide probes for detection of different microRNAs in animals and plants. By modifying DNA oligonucleotides with LNAs using a design, in which every third nucleotide position was substituted by LNA, we could use the probes in northern blot analysis employing standard end-labelling techniques and hybridization conditions. The sensitivity in detecting mature microRNAs by northern blots was increased by at least 10-fold compared to DNA probes, while simultaneously being highly specific, as demonstrated by the use of different single and double mismatched LNA probes. Besides being highly efficient as northern probes, the same LNA-modified oligonucleotide probes would also be useful for miRNA in situ hybridization and miRNA expression profiling by LNA oligonucleotide microarrays."	0
"Title: MicroRNAs and their therapeutic potential for human diseases: microRNAs, miR-143 and -145, function as anti-oncomirs and the application of chemically modified miR-143 as an anti-cancer drug. Abstract: We examined the expression levels of microRNAs (miRNAs; miRs) in colorectal tumors (63 cancer specimens and 65 adenoma specimens) compared to adjacent non-tumorous tissues. Decreased expression of miR-143 and -145 was frequently observed in the adenoma and cancer samples. As the down-regulation of miR-143 and -145 was observed even in the early phase of adenoma formation, their decreased expression would appear to contribute mainly to the initiation of tumorigenesis. For clinical application, we added aromatic benzene-pyridine (BP-type) analogs to the 3'-overhang region of the RNA-strand and changed the sequences of the passenger strand in the miR-143 duplex (miR-143BPs), leading to greater activity and increased resistance to nuclease. The cell growth inhibitory effect of the chemically modified miR-143BPx in vitro was greater than that of the endogenous miR-143. The modified miR-143BPx showed a significant tumor-suppressive effect on xenografted tumors of human colorectal cancer DLD-1 cells. These findings suggest that miR-143 and -145 are important onco-related genes for the initiation of colorectal tumor development and that chemically modified miR-143BPx may be a candidate for an RNA medicine for the treatment of colorectal tumors."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-221/222 confers tamoxifen resistance in breast cancer by targeting p27Kip1. Abstract: We explored the role of microRNAs (miRNAs) in acquiring resistance to tamoxifen, a drug successfully used to treat women with estrogen receptor-positive breast cancer. miRNA microarray analysis of MCF-7 cell lines that are either sensitive (parental) or resistant (4-hydroxytamoxifen-resistant (OHT(R))) to tamoxifen showed significant (>1.8-fold) up-regulation of eight miRNAs and marked down-regulation (>50%) of seven miRNAs in OHT(R) cells compared with parental MCF-7 cells. Increased expression of three of the most promising up-regulated (miR-221, miR-222, and miR-181) and down-regulated (miR-21, miR-342, and miR-489) miRNAs was validated by real-time reverse transcription-PCR. The expression of miR-221 and miR-222 was also significantly (2-fold) elevated in HER2/neu-positive primary human breast cancer tissues that are known to be resistant to endocrine therapy compared with HER2/neu-negative tissue samples. Ectopic expression of miR-221/222 rendered the parental MCF-7 cells resistant to tamoxifen. The protein level of the cell cycle inhibitor p27(Kip1), a known target of miR-221/222, was reduced by 50% in OHT(R) cells and by 28-50% in miR-221/222-overexpressing MCF-7 cells. Furthermore, overexpression of p27(Kip1) in the resistant OHT(R) cells caused enhanced cell death when exposed to tamoxifen. This is the first study demonstrating a relationship between miR-221/222 expression and HER2/neu overexpression in primary breast tumors that are generally resistant to tamoxifen therapy. This finding also provides the rationale for the application of altered expression of specific miRNAs as a predictive tamoxifen-resistant breast cancer marker."	0
"Title: Embryonic stem cell-specific MicroRNAs. Abstract: We have identified microRNAs (miRNAs) in undifferentiated and differentiated mouse embryonic stem (ES) cells. Some of these appear to be ES cell specific, have related sequences, and are encoded by genomic loci clustered within 2.2 kb of each other. Their expression is repressed as ES cells differentiate into embryoid bodies and is undetectable in adult mouse organs. In contrast, the levels of many previously described miRNAs remain constant or increase upon differentiation. Our results suggest that miRNAs may have a role in the maintenance of the pluripotent cell state and in the regulation of early mammalian development."	0
"Title: Effects of profilin-annexin I association on some properties of both profilin and annexin I: modification of the inhibitory activity of profilin on actin polymerization and inhibition of the self-association of annexin I and its interactions with liposomes. Abstract: We have previously shown that annexin I, a member of a family of calcium-dependent phospholipid and membrane binding proteins, interacts with profilin with high specificity and affinity. This finding further suggests that annexin I is involved through profilin in the regulation of membrane-cytoskeleton organization. We have investigated the consequences of a complex formed by these two proteins on the functions of both profilin and annexin I. Annexin I is able to modify the inhibitory effect of profilin on actin polymerization. This action is partial and the mechanism involved appears to be complex. On the other hand, the association between annexin I and profilin is sufficiently strong to inhibit the self-association of annexin I. The binding capacity of annexin I to liposomes containing phosphatidylserine, which mimics annexin I binding to membranes, is also decreased by profilin. This binding is nevertheless restored when phosphatidylinositol 4,5-biphosphate (PtdInsP2) is included in the liposomes. Finally, the capacity of annexin I to aggregate liposomes is also modified. It is worthwhile mentioning that the liposomes-binding and liposomes-aggregating activities of annexin I are independently regulated. The cell localization and functions of annexin I and profilin suggest that interaction between these two proteins may be directly implicated in the regulation of membrane-cytoskeleton. The phospholipid composition of membranes may be one of the modulating factors."	0
"Title: A B-cell-specific DNA recombination complex. Abstract: We have purified and biochemically characterized a multiprotein complex designated SWAP. In a DNA transfer assay, SWAP preferentially recombines (""swaps"") sequences derived from Ig heavy chain switch regions. We identified four of the proteins in the SWAP complex: B23 (nucleophosmin), C23 (nucleolin), poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP), and SWAP-70. The first three are proteins known to be present in most cells. B23 promotes single-strand DNA reannealing and the formation of joint molecules in a D-loop assay between homologous, but also between Smu and Sgamma sequences. SWAP-70 is a novel protein of 70 kDa. Its cDNA was cloned and sequenced, and the protein was overexpressed in Escherichia coli. SWAP-70 protein expression was found only in B lymphocytes that had been induced to switch to various Ig isotypes and in switching B-cell lines. SWAP-70 is a nuclear protein, has a weak affinity for DNA, binds ATP, and forms specific, high affinity complexes with B23, C23, and poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase. These findings are consistent with SWAP being the long elusive ""switch recombinase"" and with SWAP-70 being the specific recruiting element that assembles the switch recombinase from universal components."	0
"Title: miR-145 and miR-133a function as tumour suppressors and directly regulate FSCN1 expression in bladder cancer. Abstract: We have recently identified down-regulated microRNAs including miR-145 and miR-133a in bladder cancer (BC). The aim of this study is to determine the genes targeted by miR-145, which is the most down-regulated microRNA in BC. Methods: We focused on fascin homologue 1 (FSCN1) from the gene expression profile in miR-145 transfectant. The luciferase assay was used to confirm the actual binding sites of FSCN1 mRNA. Cell viability was evaluated by cell growth, wound-healing, and matrigel invasion assays. BC specimens were subjected to immunohistochemistry of FSCN1 and in situ hybridisation of miR-145. Results: The miR-133a as well as miR-145 had the target sequence of FSCN1 mRNA by the database search, and both microRNAs repressed the mRNA and protein expression of FSCN1. The luciferase assay revealed that miR-145 and miR-133a were directly bound to FSCN1 mRNA. Cell viability was significantly inhibited in miR-145, miR-133a, and si-FSCN1 transfectants. In situ hybridisation revealed that miR-145 expression was markedly repressed in the tumour lesion in which FSCN1 was strongly stained. The immunohistochemical score of FSCN1 in invasive BC (n=46) was significantly higher than in non-invasive BC (n=20) (P=0.0055). Conclusion: Tumour suppressive miR-145 and miR-133a directly control oncogenic FSCN1 in BC."	0
"Title: Blast crisis of Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myelocytic leukemia (CML). Treatment results of 69 patients. Abstract: We have studied the clinical courses of 69 patients with blastic crises of Philadelphia chromosome positive CML to identify parameters that were associated with an increased response rate or survival. Cytogenetic analysis at the time of blastic transformation revealed additional chromosome changes in 70% of the patients tested. Bone marrow fibrosis was detected in 58% of evaluable patients. Lymphoblastic transformation was seen in 28% of the patients tested with cell surface marker analysis. The value of 5'-nucleotidase as a marker for distinguishing lymphoid from non-lymphoid blast crisis was confirmed. Of 57 evaluable patients, 23 (40%) responded to therapy (CR/PR longer than 14 days). Median survival was 75 days. Longer survival was related to the following factors: Ph1-chromosome as the only detectable cytogenetic abnormality; lymphoblastic transformation; no bone marrow fibrosis; high percentage of blasts and promyelocytes in the bone marrow, and response to therapy. No prognostic significance was associated with age, sex, Tdt, LDH, spleen size, duration of the chronic phase of the disease, white blood cell count, Hb, platelet count and percentages of basophils, eosinophils, erythroblasts and blasts and promyelocytes in the peripheral blood. These data confirm the poor prognosis of patients with blastic crisis of CML treated by conventional chemotherapy."	0
"Title: Protumorigenic effects of mir-145 loss in malignant pleural mesothelioma. Abstract: We identified a discrete number of microRNAs differentially expressed in benign or malignant mesothelial tissues. We focused on mir-145 whose levels were significantly downregulated in malignant mesothelial tissues and malignant pleural mesothelioma (MPM) cell lines as compared to benign tissues (pleura, peritoneum or cysts). We show that promoter hyper-methylation caused very low levels in MPM cell lines and specimens. Treatment of MPM cell lines with mir-145 agonists negatively modulated some protumorigenic properties of MPM cells, such as clonogenicity, cell migration and resistance to pemetrexed treatment. The main effector mechanism of the clonogenic death induced by mir-145 was that of accelerated senescence. We found that mir-145 targeted OCT4 via specific binding to its 3'-UTR. Increased intracellular levels of mir-145 decreased the levels of OCT4 and its target gene ZEB1, thereby counteracting the increase of OCT4 induced by pemetrexed treatment which is known to favor the development of chemoresistant cells. In line with this, reintroduction of OCT4 into mimic-145 treated cells counteracted the effects on clonogenicity and replicative senescence. This further supports the relevance of the mir-145-OCT4 interaction for the survival of MPM cells. The potential use of mir-145 expression levels to classify benign vs malignant mesothelial tissues and the differences between pemetrexed-induced senescence and that induced by the re-expression of mir-145 are discussed."	0
"Title: Hypermethylated Genes of MicroRNA in Ovarian Carcinoma: Metastasis Prediction Marker Systems. Abstract: We identified a group of miRNA genes whose methylation is associated with ovarian cancer metastasis. Based on these data, new markers and the systems of markers predicting tumor dissemination were selected. Using methylation-specific PCR and a representative set of 54 ovarian cancer samples, we identified 10 microRNA genes (MIR-124a-2, MIR-127, MIR-125b-1, MIR-129-2, MIR-137, MIR-193a, MIR-203a, MIR-34b/c, MIR-130b, and MIR-1258) whose methylation is associated with tumor metastasis. The greatest association was established for 4 genes: MIR-137, MIR-193a, MIR-34b/c, and MIR-130b (p<0.01). ROC analysis revealed 3 most optimal marker systems including 4-5 miRNA genes and characterized by high sensitivity (82-94%) and specificity (76-86%) at AUC=0.89-0.92. Methylation of any three genes from these systems is sufficient to predict metastasis with the specified accuracy. Detection of the group of hypermethylated miRNA genes with predictive value for ovarian cancer metastasis is of great importance for personalized treatment of the patients."	0
"Title: Identification of a novel protein kinase mediating Akt survival signaling to the ATM protein. Abstract: We identified a novel human AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) family member, designated ARK5, encoding 661 amino acids with an estimated molecular mass of 74 kDa. The putative amino acid sequence reveals 47, 45.8, 42.4, and 55% homology to AMPK-alpha1, AMPK-alpha2, MELK, and SNARK, respectively, suggesting that it is a new member of the AMPK family. It has a putative Akt phosphorylation motif at amino acids 595-600, and Ser(600) was found to be phosphorylated by active Akt resulting in the activation of kinase activity toward the SAMS peptide, a consensus AMPK substrate. During nutrient starvation, ARK5 supported the survival of cells in an Akt-dependent manner. In addition, we also demonstrated that ARK5, when activated by Akt, phosphorylated the ATM protein that is mutated in the human genetic disorder ataxia-telangiectasia and also induced the phosphorylation of p53. On the basis of our current findings, we propose that a novel AMPK family member, ARK5, is the tumor cell survival factor activated by Akt and acts as an ATM kinase under the conditions of nutrient starvation."	0
"Title: The microRNA miR-139 suppresses metastasis and progression of hepatocellular carcinoma by down-regulating Rho-kinase 2. Abstract: We investigated mechanisms of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) metastasis and identified an antimetastatic microRNA (miRNA), miR-139, that is down-regulated in human HCC samples. Methods: Effects of stable and transient expression of miRNA-139 and its inhibitors were studied in the human HCC cell lines SMMC-7721 and BEL7402; cells were analyzed for migration and invasion. Liver samples from patients with metastatic HCC were analyzed for levels of miRNA-139; data were compared with survival data using the Kaplan-Meier method and compared between groups by the log-rank test. Tumor formation and metastasis from human HCC MHCC97L cells that did or did not express miR-139 were analyzed in mice. Results: Down-regulation of miR-139 in HCC was associated significantly with poor prognosis of patients and features of metastatic tumors, including venous invasion, microsatellite formation, absence of tumor encapsulation, and reduced differentiation. miR-139 expression was reduced in metastatic HCC tumors compared with primary tumors. Overexpression of miR-139 in HCC cells significantly reduced cell migration and invasion in vitro and the incidence and severity of lung metastasis from orthotopic liver tumors in mice. miR-139 interacted with the 3' untranslated region of Rho-kinase 2 (ROCK2) and reduced its expression in HCC cells. Levels of miR-139 were correlated inversely with ROCK2 protein in human HCC samples. Overexpression of miR-139 did not inhibit HCC cell motility when ROCK2 was knocked down. Conclusions: The microRNA miR-139 interacts with ROCK2 and reduces its expression in HCC cells. Down-regulation of miR-139 increased the invasive abilities of HCC cells in vitro and HCC metastasis in vivo. Expression of miR-139 is reduced in human metastatic HCC samples and correlates with prognosis."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-143 as a tumor suppressor for bladder cancer. Abstract: We investigated the expression and involvement of miRNA in bladder cancer. Materials and methods: An miRNA array was used to examine the differential expression of miRNA in tumor tissues and normal matched controls. The expression of miRNA-143 was confirmed by Northern blot and real-time polymerase chain reaction. The functional role of miRNA-143 in bladder cancer was studied by examining cell proliferation and oncogene expression after miRNA-143 transfection into 2 transitional carcinoma cell lines. Results: miRNA profiling of human bladder cancer and matched normal urothelial epithelium controls revealed that 37 miRNAs were up-regulated and 38 were down-regulated in cancer tissues, of which the expression of miRNA-143 was 13.7 times lower in tumor than in the matched control. Consistent with microarray data, Northern blot analysis and real-time polymerase chain reaction confirmed that miRNA-143 expression was significantly down-regulated in bladder tumor tissues compared with normal adjacent tissues. The expression of miRNA-143 was not detected in the 2 human bladder cancer cell lines EJ and T24. Interestingly miRNA-143 transfection into EJ and T24 cells significantly inhibited cell proliferation. RAS protein expression in cancer tissues was much higher than in adjacent controls. Consistently RAS protein expression was also significantly decreased in miRNA-143 transfected cells compared with nonspecific miRNA transfected cells. Conclusions: miRNAs are differentially expressed in bladder cancer tissues. miRNA-143 may function as a tumor suppressor in bladder transitional cell carcinoma."	0
"Title: Annexin-1 downregulation in thyroid cancer correlates to the degree of tumor differentiation. Abstract: We investigated the expression of annexin-1 (ANXA1) in thyroid carcinoma cell lines and in thyroid cancers with a different degree of differentiation. The highest level of ANXA1 expression examined by Western blotting was detected in the papillary carcinoma cells (NPA) and in the follicular cells (WRO). On the other hand, the most undifferentiated thyroid carcinoma cells (ARO and FRO) presented the lowest level of ANXA1 expression. In surgical tissue specimens from 32 patients with thyroid cancers, we found high immunoreactivity for ANXA1 in papillary (PTC) and follicular (FTC) thyroid cancers while in undifferentiated thyroid cancers (UTC) the expression of the protein was barely detectable. Control thyroid tissue resulted positive for ANXA1. In summary, 70% of UTC examined weakly expressed ANXA1, whereas 65% of PTC or FTC specimens tested showed high expression of the protein. Thus ANXA1 expression may correlate with the tumorigenesis suggesting that the protein may represent an effective differentiation marker in thyroid cancer."	0
"Title: MicroRNA expression abnormalities in pancreatic endocrine and acinar tumors are associated with distinctive pathologic features and clinical behavior. Abstract: We investigated the global microRNA expression patterns in normal pancreas, pancreatic endocrine tumors and acinar carcinomas to evaluate their involvement in transformation and malignant progression of these tumor types. MicroRNAs are small noncoding RNAs that regulate gene expression by targeting specific mRNAs for degradation or translation inhibition. Recent evidence indicates that microRNAs can contribute to tumor development and progression and may have diagnostic and prognostic value in several human malignancies. Materials and methods: Using a custom microarray, we studied the global microRNA expression in 12 nontumor pancreas and 44 pancreatic primary tumors, including 12 insulinomas, 28 nonfunctioning endocrine tumors, and four acinar carcinomas. Results: Our data showed that a common pattern of microRNA expression distinguishes any tumor type from normal pancreas, suggesting that this set of microRNAs might be involved in pancreatic tumorigenesis; the expression of miR-103 and miR-107, associated with lack of expression of miR-155, discriminates tumors from normal; a set of 10 microRNAs distinguishes endocrine from acinar tumors and is possibly associated with either normal endocrine differentiation or endocrine tumorigenesis; miR-204 is primarily expressed in insulinomas and correlates with immunohistochemical expression of insulin; and the overexpression of miR-21 is strongly associated with both a high Ki67 proliferation index and presence of liver metastasis. Conclusion: These results suggest that alteration in microRNA expression is related to endocrine and acinar neoplastic transformation and progression of malignancy, and might prove useful in distinguishing tumors with different clinical behavior."	0
"Title: Expression of miRNAs and PTEN in endometrial specimens ranging from histologically normal to hyperplasia and endometrial adenocarcinoma. Abstract: We investigated the relationship between frequently deregulated microRNAs (miRNAs) and enodometrial pathology in an attempt to find the most dependable miRNA or combination of miRNAs to identify normal, hyperplastic and malignant endometrial tissues. We also investigated the association between those miRNAs and PTEN status. We measured the expression of six miRNAs (miR-21, 182, 183, 200a, 200c and 205) in 75 formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded normal, hyperplastic, and malignant endometrial tissue blocks using Taqman-based real-time PCR assays. PTEN loss of expression was assessed in the same endometrial tissues by immunohistochemistry. Expression of five miRNAs (miR-182, 183, 200a, 200c and 205) was significantly higher in endometrial carcinoma (CA) when compared with complex atypical hyperplasia (CAH), simple hyperplasia (SH) and normal endometrial tissue (P<0.05, respectively). Considering the likelihood ratio and number of parameters, the composite panel of six miRNAs was the best marker, revealing a sensitivity of 91% and a specificity of 94% in differentiating endometrial CA from endometrial hyperplasia or normal endometrium while the individual miRNAs exhibited 64-77% sensitivity and 66-91% specificity. Interestingly, in distinguishing endometrial CA from CAH, the composite panel of four miRNAs (miR-182, 183, 200a, 200c) was the best marker, producing 95% sensitivity and 91% specificity. The percentage of PTEN loss was significantly higher in endometrial CA compared with SH (68% vs 24%, P<0.05), and it was also higher in CAH compared with SH (71% vs 24%, P<005). Aberrant expression of miRNAs and loss of PTEN expression are common in endometrial hyperplasia and CA. They might serve to increase the diagnostic reproducibility and improve discrimination, especially, between CAH and CA by miRNA expression profiles and between simple and complex hyperplasia through PTEN expression patterns. Those expression profiles of biomarkers also might be used to predict the potential for progression from endometrial hyperplasia to invasive CA."	0
"Title: Expression of annexin I, II and VII proteins in androgen stimulated and recurrent prostate cancer. Abstract: We performed a comprehensive survey of annexin I, II and VII protein expression in patient matched benign prostatic epithelium (BPE), androgen stimulated prostate cancer (AS-CaP) and recurrent prostate cancer (R-CaP). Materials and methods: Annexin I, II and VII was immunostained in 23 matched pairs of BPE and AS-CaP specimens, and in 25 R-CaP specimens. Protein expression was assessed visually and using color digital video image analysis. Results: The expression levels of annexins I and II was decreased from BPE to AS-CaP in all patients examined using visual assessment (22 of 22) or digital image analysis (18 of 18 for annexin I and 22 of 22 for annexin II). Annexin I mean optical density (MOD) decreased by 69% (0.718 to 0.222, p <0.0001) and annexin II MOD decreased by 71% (0.820 to 0.238, p <0.0001). Annexin I MOD further decreased almost 50% in R-CaP compared with AS-CaP (0.117 vs 0.222, p <0.0065) and annexin II MOD further declined by 37% (AS-CaP 0.238 vs R-CaP 0.150, p <0.0001). Annexin VII MOD showed no significant change between BPE and AS-CaP (0.229 and 0.214, respectively) but it decreased 14% in R-CaP vs AS-CaP (0.184 vs 0.214, p <0.0051). Conclusions: Annexins I and II expression are decreased in AS-CaP compared with BPE and a further reduction is observed with progression from AS-CaP to R-CaP. Annexin VII protein expression is decreased in R-CaP, although AS-CaP and BPE are similar. This study suggests that the dysregulations of annexin proteins I, II and VII are important events in prostate carcinogenesis and progression."	0
"Title: Integrated genomic characterization of endometrial carcinoma. Abstract: We performed an integrated genomic, transcriptomic and proteomic characterization of 373 endometrial carcinomas using array- and sequencing-based technologies. Uterine serous tumours and ?25% of high-grade endometrioid tumours had extensive copy number alterations, few DNA methylation changes, low oestrogen receptor/progesterone receptor levels, and frequent TP53 mutations. Most endometrioid tumours had few copy number alterations or TP53 mutations, but frequent mutations in PTEN, CTNNB1, PIK3CA, ARID1A and KRAS and novel mutations in the SWI/SNF chromatin remodelling complex gene ARID5B. A subset of endometrioid tumours that we identified had a markedly increased transversion mutation frequency and newly identified hotspot mutations in POLE. Our results classified endometrial cancers into four categories: POLE ultramutated, microsatellite instability hypermutated, copy-number low, and copy-number high. Uterine serous carcinomas share genomic features with ovarian serous and basal-like breast carcinomas. We demonstrated that the genomic features of endometrial carcinomas permit a reclassification that may affect post-surgical adjuvant treatment for women with aggressive tumours."	0
"Title: Conserved seed pairing, often flanked by adenosines, indicates that thousands of human genes are microRNA targets. Abstract: We predict regulatory targets of vertebrate microRNAs (miRNAs) by identifying mRNAs with conserved complementarity to the seed (nucleotides 2-7) of the miRNA. An overrepresentation of conserved adenosines flanking the seed complementary sites in mRNAs indicates that primary sequence determinants can supplement base pairing to specify miRNA target recognition. In a four-genome analysis of 3' UTRs, approximately 13,000 regulatory relationships were detected above the estimate of false-positive predictions, thereby implicating as miRNA targets more than 5300 human genes, which represented 30% of our gene set. Targeting was also detected in open reading frames. In sum, well over one third of human genes appear to be conserved miRNA targets."	0
"Title: Discovery and functional implications of a miR-29b-1/miR-29a cluster polymorphism in acute myeloid leukemia. Abstract: We previously reported that microRNA (miR)-29b is down-regulated and has a tumor suppressor role in acute myeloid leukemia (AML). However, little is known about the mechanisms responsible for miR-29b expression downregulation in AML. In this work we screened for mutations that could affect miR-29b expression. Using Sanger sequencing, we identified a germline thymidine (T) base deletion within the miR-29b-1/miR-29a cluster precursor in 16% of AML patients. Remarkably we found a significant enrichment for the presence of the miR-29 polymorphism in core binding factor (CBF) newly diagnosed AML patients (n= 61/303; 20%) with respect to age, sex and race matched controls (n= 43/402:11%,P< 0.01). Mechanistically, this polymorphism affects the expression ratio of mature miR-29b and miR-29a by dampening the processing of miR-29a. RNA immunoprecipitation assays showed reduced DROSHA binding capacity to the polymorphism with respect to the controls. Finally, we showed that this polymorphism negatively impacts the ability of miR-29b-1/miR-29a cluster to targetMCL-1andCDK6, both known miR-29 targets."	0
"Title: Circulating microRNAs as specific biomarkers for breast cancer detection. Abstract: We previously showed microRNAs (miRNAs) in plasma are potential biomarkers for colorectal cancer detection. Here, we aimed to develop specific blood-based miRNA assay for breast cancer detection. Methodology/principal findings: TaqMan-based miRNA profiling was performed in tumor, adjacent non-tumor, corresponding plasma from breast cancer patients, and plasma from matched healthy controls. All putative markers identified were verified in a training set of breast cancer patients. Selected markers were validated in a case-control cohort of 170 breast cancer patients, 100 controls, and 95 other types of cancers and then blindly validated in an independent set of 70 breast cancer patients and 50 healthy controls. Profiling results showed 8 miRNAs were concordantly up-regulated and 1 miRNA was concordantly down-regulated in both plasma and tumor tissue of breast cancer patients. Of the 8 up-regulated miRNAs, only 3 were significantly elevated (p<0.0001) before surgery and reduced after surgery in the training set. Results from the validation cohort showed that a combination of miR-145 and miR-451 was the best biomarker (p<0.0001) in discriminating breast cancer from healthy controls and all other types of cancers. In the blind validation, these plasma markers yielded Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve area of 0.931. The positive predictive value was 88% and the negative predictive value was 92%. Altered levels of these miRNAs in plasma have been detected not only in advanced stages but also early stages of tumors. The positive predictive value for ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) cases was 96%. Conclusions: These results suggested that these circulating miRNAs could be a potential specific biomarker for breast cancer screening."	0
"Title: Replacement treatment with microRNA-143 and -145 induces synergistic inhibition of the growth of human bladder cancer cells by regulating PI3K/Akt and MAPK signaling pathways. Abstract: We recently reported that both microRNA (miR)-143 and -145 are downregulated in human bladder cancer T24 cells and that miR-143 targets ERK5. In this study, we assessed the anti-tumor effects of combination treatment with miR-143 and -145 on bladder cancer cell lines T24, SNK57, and NKB1, in which the expression levels of miR-143 and -145 are downregulated. The ectopic expression of both miR-143 and -145 led to a significantly synergistic growth inhibition of T24 and NKB1 cells, but not that of SNK57 cells with the levels of miR-143 and -145 higher than those in T24 and NKB1 cells. The MAPK signaling pathway in NKB1 cells and both PI3K/Akt and MAPK signaling pathways in T24 cells were synergistically repressed by the co-treatment with miR-143 and -145. We newly elucidated that miR-143 targeted akt and that miR-145 targeted integrin-linked kinase (ilk) in T24 cells based on the results of a luciferase activity assay. Silencing of ilk significantly inhibited the growth of all the bladder cancer cells tested. Also, the level of phosphorylated ERK1/2 in T24 cells and that of phosphorylated Akt in SNK57 and NKB1 cells were decreased by ilk silencing. This study has provided novel important evidence with regard to the functions of anti-oncogenic miR-143 and -145 and also suggests the possible use of miR-143 and -145 for combination replacement therapy in cancers in which both miRNAs are downregulated."	0
"Title: socs7, a target gene of microRNA-145, regulates interferon-? induction through STAT3 nuclear translocation in bladder cancer cells. Abstract: We recently reported that microRNA (miR)-145 is downregulated and induces apoptosis in human bladder cancer cells. Also, it is suggested that the ectopic expression of miR-145 induces apoptosis with the induction of TRAIL expression in several cancer cells. Here, we demonstrated a novel mechanism of apoptosis induction by miR-145 in bladder cancer cells. Exogenous miR-145 in T24 and NKB1 cells markedly increased the expression levels of interferon (IFN)-?, 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 1, which lies upstream of 2'-5' oligoadenylates/RNase L system, and TRAIL, and induced apparent caspase-dependent apoptosis that was suppressed by cotreatment with a pan-caspase inhibitor; moreover, these expression levels were reduced by cotreatment with an miR-145 inhibitor. The apoptosis did not depend on Toll-like receptor 3 (TLR3) expression, because TLR3-silencing failed to inhibit IFN-? induction by miR-145. Then, we focused on the suppressor of cytokine signaling 7 (socs7), whose expression level was upregulated in bladder cancer cells compared with its level in normal human urothelial cells, as a putative target gene involved in IFN-? induction by miR-145. Expectedly, exogenous miR-145 decreased the expression level of SOCS7, and socs7-silencing enhanced IFN-? induction by transfection with a TLR3 ligand, polyinosinic acid-polycytidylic acid (PIC). The results of a luciferase reporter assay revealed that miR-145 targeted socs7. In addition, socs7-silencing significantly decreased the level of p-Akt and suppressed the growth of T24 cells. Furthermore, exogenous miR-145 or socs7-silencing promoted nuclear translocation of STAT3. In conclusion, the machinery of IFN-? induction through the regulation of SOCS7 by miR-145 was closely associated with the induction of apoptosis. Moreover, exogenous miR-145 promoted IFN-? induction by targeting socs7, which resulted in the nuclear translocation of STAT3. Additionally, our data indicate that SOCS7 functioned as an oncogene, the finding that revealed a novel mechanism of carcinogenesis in bladder cancer cells."	0
"Title: Protamine sulfate-nanodiamond hybrid nanoparticles as a vector for MiR-203 restoration in esophageal carcinoma cells. Abstract: We report an innovative approach for miRNA-203 delivery in esophageal cancer cells using protamine sulphate (PS)-nanodiamond (ND) nanoparticles. The efficient delivery of miR-203 significantly suppressed the proliferation and migration of cancer cells through targeting Ran and ?Np63, exhibiting a great potential for PS@ND nanoparticles in miRNA-based cancer therapy."	0
"Title: The bantam gene regulates Drosophila growth. Abstract: We report here the consequences of mutations of a novel locus, named bantam, whose product is involved in the regulation of growth in Drosophila. bantam mutant animals are smaller than wild type, due to a reduction in cell number but not cell size, and do not have significant disruptions in patterning. Conversely, overexpression of the bantam product using the EP element EP(3)3622 causes overgrowth of wing and eye tissue. Overexpression in clones of cells results in an increased rate of cell proliferation and a matched increase in cellular growth rate, such that the resulting tissue is composed of more cells of a size comparable to wild type. These effects are strikingly similar to those associated with alterations in the activity of the cyclinD-cdk4 complex. However, epistasis and genetic interaction analyses indicate that bantam and cyclinD-cdk4 operate independently. Thus, the bantam locus represents a novel regulator of tissue growth."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-133b is a key promoter of cervical carcinoma development through the activation of the ERK and AKT1 pathways. Abstract: We report that elevated microRNA-133b (miR-133b) acts as an oncogene in human cervical carcinoma to promote tumorigenesis and metastasis. In situ hybridization confirmed that miR-133b is localized in proliferating human cervical carcinoma cells with levels progressively elevating throughout advancing stages. Cellular studies showed that miR-133b enhances cell proliferation and colony formation by targeting mammalian sterile 20-like kinase 2 (MST2), cell division control protein 42 homolog (CDC42) and ras homolog gene family member A (RHOA), which subsequently results in activation of the tumorigenic protein kinase B alpha (AKT1) and mitogen-activated protein kinase (ERK1 and ERK2, here abbreviated as ERK) signaling pathways. Mouse experiments revealed that upregulation of miR-133b in cervical carcinoma cells strongly promotes both in vivo tumorigenesis and independent metastasis to the mouse lung. The data indicates that upregulation of miR-133b shortens the latency of cervical carcinoma. Together, these findings suggest that miR-133b could be a potent marker for the early onset of cervical carcinoma."	0
"Title: MicroRNA-21 induces resistance to the anti-tumour effect of interferon-?/5-fluorouracil in hepatocellular carcinoma cells. Abstract: We reported recently the clinical efficiency of interferon (IFN)-?/5-fluorouracil (5-FU) combination therapy in advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). However, prediction of the response to the combination therapy remains unsatisfactory. The aim of this study was to investigate the anti-tumour effects of microRNA (miR)-21 on the sensitivity of HCC cells to IFN-?/5-FU and whether miR-21 can be used as a predictor of the response to such therapy in HCC. Methods: Changes in the sensitivity of HCC cells (PLC/PRF/5 and HepG2) to IFN-?/5-FU were examined after transfection with pre-miR-21 or anti-miR-21. The correlation between miR-21 expression level, evaluated by qRT-PCR, and response to the therapy was also investigated in clinical HCC specimens. Results: Hepatocellular carcinoma cells transfected with pre-miR-21 were significantly resistant to IFN-?/5-FU. Annexin V assay showed that the percentage of apoptotic cells was significantly lower in cells transfected with pre-miR-21 than control cells. Transfection of anti-miR-21 rendered HCC cells sensitive to IFN-?/5-FU, and such sensitivity was weakened by transfection of siRNAs of target molecules, PETN and PDCD4. miR-21 expression in clinical HCC specimens was significantly associated with the clinical response to the IFN-?/5-FU combination therapy and survival rate. Conclusions: The miR-21 in HCC cell lines and clinical HCC samples is a significant modulator of the anti-tumour effect of IFN-? and 5-FU. This suggests that miR-21 is a potentially suitable marker for the prediction of the clinical response to the IFN-?/5-FU combination therapy."	0
"Title: Phylogenetic shadowing and computational identification of human microRNA genes. Abstract: We sequenced 122 miRNAs in 10 primate species to reveal conservation characteristics of miRNA genes. Strong conservation is observed in stems of miRNA hairpins and increased variation in loop sequences. Interestingly, a striking drop in conservation was found for sequences immediately flanking the miRNA hairpins. This characteristic profile was employed to predict novel miRNAs using cross-species comparisons. Nine hundred and seventy-six candidate miRNAs were identified by scanning whole-genome human/mouse and human/rat alignments. Most of the novel candidates are conserved also in other vertebrates (dog, cow, chicken, opossum, zebrafish). Northern blot analysis confirmed the expression of mature miRNAs for 16 out of 69 representative candidates. Additional support for the expression of 179 novel candidates can be found in public databases, their presence in gene clusters, and literature that appeared after these predictions were made. Taken together, these results suggest the presence of significantly higher numbers of miRNAs in the human genome than previously estimated."	0
"Title: Serum miRNA expression profile as a prognostic biomarker of stage II/III colorectal adenocarcinoma. Abstract: We sought to identify a serum miRNA expression profile to improve disease surveillance and to predict post-operative disease recurrence for stage II/III colorectal cancer (CRC) patients. Using the TaqMan Low-Density Array (TLDA), we performed an initial survey to analyze 749 miRNAs in the pooled serum of 20 paired pre- and post-operative CRC patients and 20 matched normal subjects. Using individual RT-qPCR verification in 175 stage II/III CRC patients, we identified that miR-145, miR-106a and miR-17-3p were significantly differentially expressed between pre- and post-operative CRC patients and between pre-operative CRC patients and normal controls (P < 0.0001). The area under the ROC curve (AUC) for the three-miRNA panel was 0.886 (95% CI 0.850-0.921) for discriminating between pre-operative CRC patients and normal subjects and 0.850 (95% CI 0.809-0.891) for discriminating between pre- and post-operative CRC patients. Furthermore, using the Kaplan-Meier method and Cox proportional hazards analysis, we found that miR-17-3p and miR-106a were powerful and independent prognostic indicators and that high levels of these miRNAs were associated with shorter disease-free survival (DFS) (P < 0.0001 for miR-17-3p and P = 0.001 for miR-106a). The present study reveals novel serum-miRNA-based biomarkers for monitoring tumor dynamics as well as for predicting disease recurrence in patients with stage II/III CRC."	0
"Title: Dicer, Drosha, and outcomes in patients with ovarian cancer. Abstract: We studied Dicer and Drosha, components of the RNA-interference machinery, in ovarian cancer. Methods: We measured messenger RNA (mRNA) levels of Dicer and Drosha in specimens of invasive epithelial ovarian cancer from 111 patients, using a quantitative reverse-transcriptase-polymerase-chain-reaction assay, and compared the results with clinical outcomes. Validation was performed with the use of published microarray data from cohorts of patients with ovarian, breast, and lung cancer. Mutational analyses of genomic DNA from the Dicer and Drosha genes were performed in a subgroup of ovarian-cancer specimens. Dicer-dependent functional assays were performed by means of in vitro transfection with small interfering RNA (siRNA) and short hairpin RNA (shRNA). Results: Levels of Dicer and Drosha mRNA correlated with the levels of expression of the corresponding protein and were decreased in 60% and 51% of ovarian-cancer specimens, respectively. Low Dicer expression was significantly associated with advanced tumor stage (P=0.007), and low Drosha expression with suboptimal surgical cytoreduction (P=0.02). Cancer specimens with both high Dicer expression and high Drosha expression were associated with increased median survival (>11 years, vs. 2.66 years for other subgroups; P<0.001). We found three independent predictors of reduced disease-specific survival in multivariate analyses: low Dicer expression (hazard ratio, 2.10; P=0.02), high-grade histologic features (hazard ratio, 2.46; P=0.03), and poor response to chemotherapy (hazard ratio, 3.95; P<0.001). Poor clinical outcomes among patients with low Dicer expression were validated in additional cohorts of patients. Rare missense mutations were found in the Dicer and Drosha genes, but their presence or absence did not correlate with the level of expression. Functional assays indicated that gene silencing with shRNA, but not siRNA, may be impaired in cells with low Dicer expression. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that levels of Dicer and Drosha mRNA in ovarian-cancer cells have associations with outcomes in patients with ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Chemical modification of siRNAs for in vivo use. Abstract: Well over a hundred reports have been published describing use of synthetic small-interfering RNAs (siRNAs) in animals. The majority of these reports employed unmodified RNA duplexes. While unmodified RNA is the natural effector molecule of RNA interference, certain problems arise with experimental or therapeutic use of RNA duplexes in vivo, some of which can be improved or solved through use of chemical modifications. Judicious use of chemical modifications can improve the nuclease stability of an RNA duplex, decrease the likelihood of triggering an innate immune response, lower the incidence of off-target effects (OTEs), and improve pharmacodynamics. This review will examine studies that document the utility of various chemical modifications for use in siRNAs, both in vitro and in vivo, with close attention given to reports demonstrating actual performance in animal model systems."	0
"Title: Increased exosomal microRNA-21 and microRNA-146a levels in the cervicovaginal lavage specimens of patients with cervical cancer. Abstract: Well-run screening programs for cervical cancer in the population at risk have been shown to result in a sharp decrease in the incidence and mortality of cervical cancer in a number of large populations. Expression patterns of a recently identified biomarker family, microRNA, appear to be characteristic of tumor type and developmental origin. Several tumors have been reported to actively release exosomes carrying microRNAs. The present study has determined the association of microRNAs with cervical cancer-derived exosomes. The cervical cancer-derived exosomes were enriched in the cervicovaginal lavages specimens and the abundance of exosomes and exosomal microRNAs was detected by electron microscopy, western blot analysis, RT-qPCR and microRNA target reporter vector. The microRNA-21 and microRNA-146a, which were up-regulated in cervical cancer patients, were associated with the high levels of cervical cancer-derived exosomes. In conclusion, we demonstrated the abundance of exosomes in the cervicovaginal lavage specimens of women with cervical cancer. Furthermore, our results indicated that abnormally high levels of microRNA-21 and microRNA-146a existed in the cervical cancer-derived exosomes and the two microRNAs were functional in 293T cells."	0
"Title: Estrogen receptor ? promotes the vasculogenic mimicry (VM) and cell invasion via altering the lncRNA-MALAT1/miR-145-5p/NEDD9 signals in lung cancer. Abstract: While estrogen receptor ? (ER?) may impact the progression of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), its linkage to alteration of the vasculogenic mimicry (VM) formation to influence the NSCLC cell invasion remains unclear. Here, we analyzed immunohistochemistry data from NSCLC tissues and found that ER?-positive NSCLC female patients had worse survival outcomes than those of ER?-negative NSCLC female patients. In vitro studies using multiple NSCLC cell lines also revealed that ER? could increase the VM formation and cell invasion. Molecular mechanism dissection suggested that ER? could increase the lncRNA-MALAT1 (MALAT1) expression via directly binding to the estrogen response elements (EREs) located on the promoter of MALAT1, which could then lead to (i) suppressing the miR145-5p and (ii) increasing the NEDD9 protein expression as miR145-5p can directly target the 3'-UTR of NEDD9-mRNA. A preclinical study using the in vivo mouse model further confirmed the in vitro cell lines data. Together, results from the above studies demonstrated that ER? can promote NSCLC VM formation and cell invasion via altering the ER?/MALAT1/miR145-5p/NEDD9 signaling. Targeting this newly identified signaling pathway with small molecules may help the development of novel therapies to better suppress the NSCLC metastasis."	0
"Title: Differential association of microRNAs with polysomes reflects distinct strengths of interactions with their mRNA targets. Abstract: While microRNAs have been shown to copurify with polysomes, their relative fraction in the translation pool (polysome occupancy) has not yet been measured. Here, we introduce a high-throughput method for quantifying polysome occupancies of hundreds of microRNAs and use it to investigate factors affecting these occupancies. Analysis in human embryonic stem cells (hESCs) and foreskin fibroblasts (hFFs) revealed microRNA-specific preferences for low, medium, or high polysome occupancy. Bioinformatics and functional analysis based on overexpression of endogenous and chimeric microRNAs showed that the polysome occupancy of microRNAs is specified by its mature sequence and depends on the choice of seed. Nuclease treatment further suggested that the differential occupancy of the microRNAs reflects interactions with their mRNA targets. Indeed, analysis of microNRAmRNA duplexes showed that pairs involving high occupancy microRNAs exhibit significantly higher binding energy compared to pairs with low occupancy microRNAs. Since mRNAs reside primarily in polysomes, strong interactions lead to high association of microRNAs with polysomes and vice versa for weak interactions. Comparison between hESCs and hFFs data revealed that hESCs tend to express lower occupancy microRNAs, suggesting that cell type-dependent translational features may be affected by expression of a particular set of microRNAs."	0
"Title: Chitosan nanoparticle-mediated delivery of miRNA-34a decreases prostate tumor growth in the bone and its expression induces non-canonical autophagy. Abstract: While several new therapies are FDA-approved for bone-metastatic prostate cancer (PCa), patient survival has only improved marginally. Here, we report that chitosan nanoparticle-mediated delivery of miR-34a, a tumor suppressive microRNA that downregulates multiple gene products involved in PCa progression and metastasis, inhibited prostate tumor growth and preserved bone integrity in a xenograft model representative of established PCa bone metastasis. Expression of miR-34a induced apoptosis in PCa cells, and, in accord with downregulation of targets associated with PCa growth, including MET and Axl and c-Myc, also induced a form of non-canonical autophagy that is independent of Beclin-1, ATG4, ATG5 and ATG7. MiR-34a-induced autophagy is anti-proliferative in prostate cancer cells, as blocking apoptosis still resulted in growth inhibition of tumor cells. Thus, combined effects of autophagy and apoptosis are responsible for miR-34a-mediated prostate tumor growth inhibition, and have translational impact, as this non-canonical form of autophagy is tumor inhibitory. Together, these results provide a new understanding of the biological effects of miR-34a and highlight the clinical potential for miR-34a delivery as a treatment for bone metastatic prostate cancer."	0
"Title: Dicer1 functions as a haploinsufficient tumor suppressor. Abstract: While the global down-regulation of microRNAs (miRNAs) is a common feature of human tumors, its genetic basis is largely undefined. To explore this question, we analyzed the consequences of conditional Dicer1 mutation (Dicer1 ""floxed"" or Dicer1(fl)) on several mouse models of cancer. Here we show Dicer1 functions as a haploinsufficient tumor suppressor gene. Deletion of a single copy of Dicer1 in tumors from Dicer1(fl/+) animals led to reduced survival compared with controls. These tumors exhibited impaired miRNA processing but failed to lose the wild-type Dicer1 allele. Moreover, tumors from Dicer1(fl/fl) animals always maintained one functional Dicer1 allele. Consistent with selection against full loss of Dicer1 expression, enforced Dicer1 deletion caused inhibition of tumorigenesis. Analysis of human cancer genome copy number data reveals frequent deletion of DICER1. Importantly, however, the gene has not been reported to undergo homozygous deletion, suggesting that DICER1 is haploinsufficient in human cancer. These findings suggest Dicer1 may be an important haploinsufficient tumor suppressor gene and, furthermore, that other factors controlling miRNA biogenesis may also function in this manner."	0
"Title: MicroRNA conjugated gold nanoparticles and cell transfection. Abstract: While the importance of microRNAs (miRNAs) in cancer treatment or manipulation of genetic expression has been increasingly recognized for developing miRNA-based therapies, the controlled delivery of miRNAs into specific cells constitutes a challenging task. This report describes preliminary findings from an investigation of the conjugation of gold nanoparticles with miRNAs (miRNA-AuNPs) and their cell transfection. The immobilization of miRNAs on the AuNPs was detected, and the surface stability was substantiated by gel electrophoresis assessment of the highly charged characteristics of miRNA-AuNPs and their surface-exchange inactivity with a highly charged surfactant. The miRNA-AuNPs were tested in cell transfection using multiple myeloma cells, demonstrating efficient knockdown in the functional luciferase assay. The findings have important implications for understanding the mechanistic details of cell transfection involving miRNA-conjugated nanoparticles as biosensing or targeting probes."	0
"Title: siRNAs can function as miRNAs. Abstract: With the discovery of RNA interference (RNAi) and related phenomena, new regulatory roles attributed to RNA continue to emerge. Here we show, in mammalian tissue culture, that a short interfering RNA (siRNA) can repress expression of a target mRNA with partially complementary binding sites in its 3' UTR, much like the demonstrated function of endogenously encoded microRNAs (miRNAs). The mechanism for this repression is cooperative, distinct from the catalytic mechanism of mRNA cleavage by siRNAs. The use of siRNAs to study translational repression holds promise for dissecting the sequence and structural determinants and general mechanism of gene repression by miRNAs."	0
"Title: Identification of novel diagnostic and prognostic miRNA signatures in endometrial cancer. Abstract: With the goal of identifying diagnostic and prognostic biomarkers in endometrial cancer, miRNA-profiling was carried out with formalin-fixed paraffin embedded (FFPE) tissue samples from 49 endometrial cancer patients. Results using an 84-cancer specific miRNA panel identified the upregulation of miR-141-3p and miR-96-5p along with a downregulation of miR-26, miR-126-3p, miR-23b, miR-195-5p, miR-374a and let-7 family of miRNAs in endometrial cancer. We validated the dysregulated expression of the identified miRNAs in a panel of endometrial cancer cell-lines. Immunohistochemical analysis of the tissue micro array derived from these patients established the functional correlation between the decreased expression of tumor suppressive miRNAs and their target oncogenes: ERBB2, EGFR, EPHA2, BAX, GNA12, GNA13, and JUN. Comparative analysis of the samples from the patients with extended progression-free survival (PFS) ( > 21 months) versus the patients with the PFS of < 21 months indicated increased expression of tumor suppressive miR-142-3p, miR-142-5p, and miR-15a-5p in samples from extended PFS patients. In addition to defining a specific set of miRNAs and their target genes as potential diagnostic biomarkers, our studies have identified tumor suppressive miR-142 cluster and miR-15a as predictors of favorable prognosis for therapy response in endometrial cancer."	0
"Title: Delivery systems and local administration routes for therapeutic siRNA. Abstract: With the increasing number of studies proposing new and optimal delivery strategies for the efficacious silencing of gene-related diseases by the local administration of siRNAs, the present review aims to provide a broad overview of the most important and latest developments of non-viral siRNA delivery systems for local administration. Moreover, the main disease targets for the local delivery of siRNA to specific tissues or organs, including the skin, the lung, the eye, the nervous system, the digestive system and the vagina, were explored."	0
"Title: WNT7A Regulation by miR-15b in Ovarian Cancer. Abstract: WNT signaling is well known to play an important role in the regulation of development, cell proliferation and cell differentiation in a wide variety of normal and cancerous tissues. Despite the wealth of knowledge concerning when and where various WNT genes are expressed and downstream events under their control, there is surprisingly little published evidence of how they are regulated. We have recently reported that aberrant WNT7A is observed in serous ovarian carcinomas, and WNT7A is the sole ligand accelerating ovarian tumor progression through CTNNB1 (?-catenin)/TCF signaling in the absence of CTNNB1 mutations. In the present study, we report that WNT7A is a direct target of miR-15b in ovarian cancer. We showed that a luciferase reporter containing the putative binding site of miR-15b in the WNT7A 3'-UTR was significantly repressed by miR-15b. Mutation of the putative binding site of miR-15b in the WNT7A 3'-UTR restored luciferase activity. Furthermore, miR-15b was able to repress increased levels of TOPFLASH activity by WNT7A, but not those induced by S33Y. Additionally, miR-15b dose-dependently decreased WNT7A expression. When we evaluated the prognostic impact of WNT7A and miR-15b expression using TCGA datasets, a significant inverse correlation in which high-expression of WNT7A and low-expression of miR-15b was associated with reduced survival rates of ovarian cancer patients. Treatment with decitabine dose-dependently increased miR-15b expression, and silencing of DNMT1 significantly increased miR-15b expression. These results suggest that WNT7A is post-transcriptionally regulated by miR-15b, which could be down-regulated by promoter hypermethylation, potentially via DNMT1, in ovarian cancer."	0
"Title: Annexin-A1 controls an ERK-RhoA-NF?B activation loop in breast cancer cells. Abstract: Wound healing is critical for normal development and pathological processes including cancer cell metastasis. MAPK, Rho-GTPases and NF?B are important regulators of wound healing, but mechanisms for their integration are incompletely understood. Annexin-A1 (ANXA1) is upregulated in invasive breast cancer cells resulting in constitutive activation of NF?B. We show here that silencing ANXA1 increases the formation of stress fibers and focal adhesions, which may inhibit wound healing. ANXA1 regulated wound healing is dependent on the activation of ERK1/2. ANXA1 increases the activation of RhoA, which is dependent on ERK activation. Furthermore, active RhoA is important in NF-?B activation, where constitutively active RhoA potentiates NF?B activation, while dominant negative RhoA inhibits NF?B activation in response to CXCL12 stimulation and active MEKK plasmids. These findings establish a central role for ANXA1 in the cell migration through the activation of NF?B, ERK1/2 and RhoA."	0
"Title: Hsa-let-7g inhibits proliferation of hepatocellular carcinoma cells by downregulation of c-Myc and upregulation of p16(INK4A). Abstract: zMicroRNAs (miRNAs) are endogenously expressed small noncoding RNAs that regulate approximately one-third of human genes at post-transcription level. Previous studies have shown that miRNAs were implicated in many cellular processes and participated in the progress of various tumors including hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Among all miRNAs, the let-7 family is well recognized to play pivotal roles in tumorigenesis by functioning as potential growth suppressor. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the role of let-7 family, particularly the hsa-let-7g, in the molecular pathogenesis of HCC. By use of MTT, qPCR, Western blotting and 2-dimensional electrophoresis (2-DE), over-expression of hsa-let-7g was found to inhibit the proliferation of HCC cell line via negative and positive regulations of c-Myc and p16(INK4A) , respectively. The expression of hsa-let-7g was noted to be markedly lowered in the HepG2, Hep3B and Huh7 cells, yet higher in the Bel-7404 HCC cell line. Proliferation of HCC cell line was significantly inhibited after the transfection of hsa-let-7g mimics, while hsa-let-7g inhibitor transfection exerted an opposite effect. Concurrently, the mRNA and protein levels of c-Myc were found significantly decreased in HepG2 cells after transfection of hsa-let-7g mimics, but obviously increased in Bel-7404 cells after transfection of hsa-let-7g inhibitor. As revealed by 2-DE, a significant upregulation of p16(INK4A) was revealed after the gain-of-function study using hsa-let-7g. Therefore, we suggest that hsa-let-7g may act as a tumor suppressor gene that inhibits HCC cell proliferation by downregulating the oncogene, c-Myc, and upregulating the tumor suppressor gene, p16(INK4A) ."	0
"Title: Wnt/?-catenin pathway as a potential prognostic and predictive marker in patients with advanced ovarian cancer. Abstract: ?-catenin is the key protein in the WNT signalling pathway and it forms adherent junctions together with E-cadherin. In ovarian carcinoma, abnormal expression of ?-catenin, E-cadherin and WNT-1 was observed, but their prognostic and predictive role is unclear. The aim of this study was to clarify the prognostic and predictive role of E-cadherin, ?-catenin and WNT-1 in advanced epithelial ovarian carcinoma (AEOC). Methods: The expression of E-cadherin, ?-catenin and WNT-1 was determined by immunohistochemistry in AEOC. The correlation between expression of these proteins and progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) was evaluated. Statistical analyses included Kaplan-Meier estimation, log-rank test, Spearman correlation and Cox proportional-hazards model. Results: In ovarian cancer, intense expression of E-cadherin, ?-catenin and WNT-1 was found. In multivariate analysis, strong membrane ?-catenin expression was an independent unfavourable predictor for PFS (HR 2.19, 95% CI 1.09-4.39; p = 0.028), while in univariate analysis, strong membrane ?-catenin expression was a prognostic factor for OS in patients with AOC (p = 0.039). In multivariate analysis, only resistance to first-line chemotherapy was an adverse independent prognostic factor for OS (HR 16.84; 95% CI 5.07-55.98; p < 0.0001). Additionally, strong membranous ?-catenin expression was associated with resistance to platinum-based chemotherapy (p = 0.027). Conclusions: These findings support that WNT/?-catenin pathway and E-cadherin are important factors in advanced epithelial ovarian cancer."	0
